 2 stars of 5 for this slow dull `` classical '' 1980 's style movie . This movie has a young Jason Bateman in the lead . Very very very slow and dull with a few moments of bad 1980 's style music . To our relief the background music -LRB- which is very annoying -RRB- is kept to a minimum . Though it attempts to be an action/suspense movie , it achieves neither . I 'd suggest skipping this movie .
 I watched this last night . And I do n't remember enough of it to give it a indepth review . But it was n't as bad as people are letting on nor was it as great as people are letting on . If you do n't like your killer to be supernatural then do n't bother with this . Its about a guy that comes back from the dead . His whole storyline is kinda silly and there are plot holes all over the place . The acting was n't bad at all , and neither were the deaths . In fact it was kinda gory . But that does n't make a great movie . The flashbacks were a little confusing as well . I would n't watch it again . But its far from the worst movie I 've seen .
 This film seemed to have a bit of potential at first . It was obvious it was going to be a rehash of a lot of the old Leatherface clich&eacute;s , but Nikki DeLoach 's good humor was infectious and the couple launching off on their new life in the isolated old house was likeable . So I was ready to overlook the townsfolk with secret knowledge of the house 's dangerous past - the gathering of frolicsome young people at the house , ready to be picked off by the killer while they were in the act - and all the other formulaic plot elements that the `` Scream '' series does such a good job satirizing.But then things got really dreary . Leatherface , Michael Myers , and all the other killers in that tradition might have seemed almost superhuman in their ability to rebound . But the key word with them was `` almost . '' They might be inexorable , but it was still possible , however remotely , that they could be representing real people . A viewer could justify the time spent watching these films with the `` based on a true story '' rationale . After all , Ed Gein was a real person who really did drape himself in human skin.But the killer in this film seems to rise from the dead . He emerges from a mishmash of supernatural shenanigans . So there 's no way I could feel I might learn anything about the heart of true evil by watching this film . And so it lost me . `` Mask Maker '' is well-photographed and has a few scary moments . But over all , it 's a false-face .
 Positives : None that I can think of . Really , I 'm trying.Negatives : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Cheap , e.g. starting with no subtitles or special features . Acting experience/filmography for the most part consists of shorts , TV videos which is typical of cheap and quick almost made for TV productions . Cheap costume store style face masks and usual cheap knife/hatchet effects stabbings . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Not creative -LRB- you 've seen this storyline so many times -RRB- , time worn college students in a remote farm . The usual Native burial -LRB- never explained why -RRB- and the usual some sort of illicit child grows up to cause some bodily harm to some really dumb acting students . The usual towns folk have a secret about the previous occupant of the farm house which was , thinking she was a witch , they killed her with a Native spear -LRB- never explained why -RRB- . One person survives , as usual , and we think the bad grown up child person is dead - but not really . Time for a cheap money making sequel . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- The face mask has been done before and is anatomically/physically impossible for a variety of reasons so it loses some credibility points there . Besides they were ' t even scary . Unlike the superior SAW they did n't even bother to show much other than one time pulling a rubber mask off of a person to make it look like it was real .
 MASK MAKER takes us down a cinematic path often traveled and does it in a typically predictable fashion . A story of revenge with an unstoppable killer who murders his victims and uses their skinned faces to achieve some kind of beauty . Flashbacks reveal his motivation in an attempt to elicit some level of sympathy.MASK MAKER is n't the worst entry in this familiar territory but it does n't tread new waters either . The cast performs on various levels of competence . WEEKEND AT BERNIE 's Terry Kiser is an effective guilt-ridden buffoon . Treat Williams is ill-used in a cameo role . Horror vet Michael Berryman is unusually restrained in a small role . Nikki Deloach is no Jamie Lee Curtis in her leading role , giving a weak performance in a typical survivor role as the resilient resourceful female . Doomed fiance Stephen Colletti -LRB- sic -RRB- is equally flaccid.An open-ended finale paves the way for MASK MAKER II -- something we definitely do n't need .
 Sadly , there is absolutely nothing original in this movie . The filmmakers shamelessly borrowed from practically everyone , turning out a stale formula piece that is purely by the numbers . I could n't find a thing that elevated this movie above a 100 other like films . The plot is standard
 This movie was horrible . It did not play right when I was watching it online . I liked how it went by old vampire styles . Such as crosses worked and you had to invite them in and such . But the ending was really bad . Do not waste your money on this one . Also the storyline did not really make much sense .
 `` Lets jiggel the camera to show that the ground is shakeing ! `` Special effects ; haloween leftovers.Acting ; Well , the cast managed to repeat memorized lines.Casting apears to have been done in a trailer park.Script ; I know nine year olds who write better stories.Cinimatography ; Someones home cam.Conclusion
 Do not waste your time ! I love hokie , I love cheese when it comes to horror . This just plain old sucked .
 There was very bad effects & evil characters that look like they stepped out of the 10 dollar costume halloween shop . If you are in to paying 1.99 for really cheesy stuff this is for you . The bad guy does have a good demonic voice & some interestingly complex and incredibly vulgar sayings .
 The best things about this heavily formula vehicle are -LRB- 1 -RRB- Elvis ' opening production numbers -LRB- including a nicely staged `` Adam And Evil '' -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- Deborah Walley 's `` girl drummer '' role ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the Deusenberg ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- Elvis ' closing production number , the medium walking blues `` I 'll Be Back '' . Everything else is redundant .
 Three lovely young ladies all want Elvis ' gearstick in this craptastic musical comedy that 's so bad it ROCKS ! I just love the title song sequence where Les and the guys ` provide ' Elvis with '' ... lots and lots of girls . '' And who was that chick , the blonde with the short cropped hair who literally shoves all the other chikadees aside to get up and spinout with the King ? She looks like she 's out to prove she can really score , and I never saw parts move like that before ! Elvis looks embarrassed . Anyway , after you 've crossed those double lines and Spinout you will want to do so again and again and again . Simply awful , but I mean that in a great way .
 This film has the dubious honor to be included in the book `` The 50 worst films of all time '' . It is definently not one of those , but one can hardly call it a proper film , either . It is rather a loose framework in which 12 new songs could be presented in a more or less natural manner . A great-great-grandfather of music videos , and better than some of those !
 `` Spinout '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB- represents the nadir of Elvis Cinema - a bad sitcom without the laugh track . The only redeeming features are a few memorable songs , such as `` I 'll Be Back '' and `` Stop , Look and Listen . '' Buy the soundtrack and skip the movie .
 SPINOUT is another hard movie to sit through , thanks to the weak dialogue and even weaker storyline.Elvis plays a singing race car driver -LRB- for the second time -RRB- , who is being chased by three women . These include a spoiled brat -LRB- Shelley Fabares -RRB- , an erotic author -LRB- Diane McBain -RRB- , and his own drummer -LRB- Deborah Walley -RRB- . The music is actually listenable in this picture . Highlights include `` Stop , Look , and Listen '' and `` I 'll Be Back '' . Elvis appears to be sleepwalking through this one . His appearance is also disturbing
 This is not Presley 's best vehicle but by this outing he was not being allowed to act anyway so he appears to be just going though the motions . The movie songs are not a real treat either , he seems to be singing to everyone including his enemies . -LRB- Where does the music come from when he sings anyway -RRB- . When asked to do this movie Presley should have `` JUST SAID NO '' !!!
 This film tried to capitalized on the previously successful Legend of Boggy Creek , and failed horribly . It 's nothing but a boring home movie . Other than a shot of someone prancing around a forest in a gorilla suit , the film has no perks whatsoever . Strongly not recommended .
 A woman -LRB- with a child in a state of perpetual tantrum -RRB- straps a camera to a stroller to see who will help her carry it . This is a video about how one person 's poor planning can become everyone 's problem ! I looked for the story in it , but could n't find one , so I shut it off .
 I saw this anime and I thought it 's better than the X-Men series , but worse than Iron Man series . This series would only be good if you 're a little boy or girl , but nothing more than Wolverine on his useless quest to save the woman he loves . Pretty much you can apply this story for any character and use it . It does n't really need to be Wolverine . For example , you can put Iron Man in this series and use him instead and there 's no difference . But hey , they used Wolverine so I guess this is the guy , they want to use , so let 's move on.The whole series is about Wolverine meeting a girl and she gets taken away from a mystery foe . He goes off trying to find her . He then learns who did it , Shingen , the main foe , and also the father of Wolverine love . Wolverine meets people on his quest to save his love . These people either want to help him or fight him . Wolverine also gets a partner , Yuiko , who they have a common gold to take down Shingen.What I like about the show is the animation . All the Japanese animation is great for every Marvel series there 's no question about that . I liked the music as well , not over the top but fits in the story . What the series lacks is the story . I really did n't care for it . Just Wolverine in every show made out to be a dumb tough guy with no brains and all brawn . In every show he has to show he is one toughest dude there , but also the dumbest too . He never backs down on anything and always be so arrogant and pig headed . This bit gets so old so fast!I also did n't like this Wolverine look for this show . I prefer the X-Men Wolverine look . In this show he looks like a slim out Japanese guy and is wearing stylish clothes . That 's Wolverine ? I hardly recognized the guy . Well ... when Wolverine goes to Japan - he went all out ! To me , it just does n't fit his nature . On how this shows , he just looks way too different and a total opposite of what he should be . ------- Spoilers Alert --------- For some strange reason , in all the Japanese Marvel series they have someone dying in their series . Well , this series is no different . Guess who ? All the main characters are dead at the end of the series . Literally there no one left but Wolverine . This series is such a waste of time getting to know everyone to find out that they are all dead at the end ; good guys or bad guys , it just does n't matter in Japanese Marvel ! They will all die!So , Wolverine worked so hard to find and save his love that she gets killed at the end . Everyone that helped him are dead . The villains are dead too . Now , Wolverine can go back home to America and never look back because there 's no one to look back at him . No need for a second series and if they have one , I wo n't need to watch it .
 being a wolverine fan ; this is nothing like i expected . really do n't like the drawing or storyline . looks fake .
 I have seen an episode of this show and all I could say is WOW , what a travesty . This show is completely not Wolverine . First Logan is Canadian not Japanese , short not tall , older looks middle aged even though much older not like a teenager . Voice acting is poor . This show is the William Shatner of Wolverine , extreme over acting and over dramatized action sequences . This is supposed to be Marvel Comics Wolverine not a Wolverine DragonBall Z . If they want to make a good Wolverine Cartoon keep it on par with the comics both in the character models and story , and use voice actors that have worked in the past , and if you really want to do Wolverine Justice make it a Mature rated cartoon and show Blood in the battles .
 I think it deserves the one star . maybe even 2 if I was drunk ... . but I was ` nt ! Oh God , how I wish I had been . I ca n't tell you why I kept watching after the first half hour . I guess I expected it to become something . . ummm good . . ! quite an unusual film . if you watch it please tell me what you thought of it and what you think I missed . I do n't watch Mexican movies ever . . ! & now I think I know why ... . they make my brain all mushy and then it pours out of my ears and I fall over dead and brainless ! OMG . . and the last 15 minutes ... I could have slit my wrists , it was that bad ! Sorry , Have I said too much . ?
 If you 're looking for porn or something to see , this is NOT it . These are not real fights , but amateur boxing -LRB- most of the girls have never boxed before -RRB- with 3 rounds each . After the 1st 30 minutes it 's a bore .
 I bought this video while thinking to myself , `` hot chicks beating the crap out of each other , sweet '' . Well , none of these things turned out to be the case . The chicks are n't hot , in fact one either used to be a man , or still is a man . The violence is limp to say the least . Imagine an episode of cops where neighbors at the trailer park are in a domestic disturbance . The problem is that the girls are n't athletes , nor do they seem to care much if they win . Stay away , this is just some dude with a camcorder attempting to get you to part with your money .
 Spoiler Alert !!!! Why did Ashley die ? To give us scenes in which the male characters , highly testosterone driven all , could actually show emotion . Aah , women are so useful in this context ... there is no other reasonable , feasible reason for her death . A WAAAY too obvious dramatic vehicle . While this video has a reasonable premise , ALWAYS , stupidity reigns . If all ten characters can exit the safety of the vehicle , instead of one or two , well by all means , let 's have all ten do it . If caution and normal intelligence would predict one course of action ... well , by all means , let us take whatever other course of action is available . So despite some of the characters purported survival for three months or more , what we have is a group of characters behaving badly ... acting like 15 or 16 year olds , despite their obvious maturity ... an interesting story line , interesting characters , fairly well acted , yet the stupid script drives it ALL way downtown ... and that is unfortunate . And come on ! Some of the bites ... as in `` Have to Bite the Lesbian '' ... never mind the aggessive black woman who loves her white woman must DIE ... this is just stupid ! A woman that aware could NEVER be sneaked upon by a zombie ... please ! IF you must portray both homophobia and racism , PLEASE !!! Kill the eternally stupid white boys first .
 I have a relatively high tolerance level for bad flicks , but this one is beyond tolerable . If you check the credits after the movie it appears as if the producer hired his family and friends as the actors . Summary -LRB- no pun intended -RRB-
 You figure zombie movies have been out for at least 20 years and to this date we still ca n't produce a low budget zombie movie with better actors . The dialogue was good the presentation sucked . it was like they were reading the dialogue instead of experiencing it . The plot was good as well . This movie had all the elements of a well made zombie flick but no one was chomped only the token Lesbian Black chick . Good try but I wanted more .
 I can not be certain but I do n't think the other reviewers and I saw the same movie . Acting was terrible video was terrible plot was terrible . Good try I guess .
 i do n't remember this movie , so i know it was bad . i probably did not watch the whole thing . bad production , bad acting
 Let 's keep this simple
 I 'm not sure what zombie movies the other reviewers have watched but I find it hard to believe they actually liked this one . I feel like I was tricked into paying for this based on the reviews . The acting sucks . The set design sucks . The effects suck . What I 'm trying to say is that this movie sucks .
 It 's a low budget indie film-what did you expect ? If you are a collector of zombie movies or low budget indie films you may or may not want to waste your money on this one . Keep in mind that the music is a bit funky -LRB- reminded me of 70 's porn -RRB- as well as the acting , editing and directing . The concept is typical `` zombie-like '' with nothing new , the writing -LRB- if that 's what you want to call it -RRB- is basic storyline with no real character development and the zombies are laughable with less than spectacular death scenes.Storyline is as follows
 lower then low budget with horrible dialogue and acting . Two six year olds could have done better with a couple of kindergarten actors
 When he is unable to diffuse a bomb from destroying Tromaville 's school for the gifted , Toxie is sent spiraling into a bizarro universe , where his evil doppelganger rules the crime-ridden town of Amortville . Meanwhile , The Noxious Offender has taken his place back in Tromaville , where he begins to spread his vile hate and corruption . How will Toxie ever get home to stop this terrible new threat ? After two lackluster sequels , Lloyd Kaufman returns with what he claims to be the one true sequel to the 80 's cult-classic THE TOXIC AVENGER , and depending on your personal taste , this will be either the best or the worst film you have ever seen in your entire life . We , for one , side with the latter . THE TOXIC AVENGER PART IV
 I love the Toxic avenger . I found the original to be a classic example of how to make a fun , clever and extremely gory laugh fest on a shoestring budget . I actually own the film on dvd . And , yes , I am aware that Troma is not the place to go if you 're looking for class or fine art . This is a company that deliberately panders to the basest impulses of the filmgoing experience - sort of the home video version of `` grindhouse cinema '' . But this time they 've gone too far . Billed as the `` real '' sequel to the original film , `` Citizen Toxie '' manages to be boring , disgusting , loathsome , cheap -LRB- I 'm not kidding . . even by Troma 's low standards the effects are just awful in this film ... and Toxie 's makeup is the worst in the series . . so bad that the design of this character from the original film looks oscar-worthy by comparison -RRB- and unredeemingly brazen as it revels in the most disgusting images put to film since `` Pink Flamingoes '' . The `` plot '' involves Toxie being transported to an alternate dimension where everything is evil , while at the same time an evil Toxie from said dimension pops up in our world to terrorize Tromaville . I am a guy who can usually laugh off any image a movie has to throw at me , but this flick had moments that honestly made me sick . Do yourself a favor and avoid this one like the plague that it is . You 'd be better of just watching the original again . Way to corrupt your one legitmately interesting franchise , Troma . If this is your idea of stellar entertainment , your day has definitely passed .
 This film was sent to me by a friend who also appreciates movies so bad they 're good . At the end of the day though , this movie is so bad it 's , well , bad . I love grade-Z cinema as much as the next person , although I am not amazingly fond of pointless gore -LRB- that 's problem number one in this case -RRB- , but the real problem here is that Lloyd Kaufman has taken what had the potential to be an amusing premise at the beginning of the series and gone out of his way to attempt to offend everyone . He does so , but mostly because of his lame attempts at satire . Question
 If you love , care , like , or even have the smallest amount of respect for yourself or another person do n't expose them to this garbage ! I did not expect a movie with taste , and I enjoy B-movies , tacky gross outs , and off color humor . BUT THIS MOVIE GOES WAY OVERBOARD ! The filmakers trying so hard to be shocking they forget to give this flick anything that a decent human being could find enjoyable .
 The usual action scenes , but ridiculous plot holes . The vast majority of the plot points made no sense whatsoever , I think Michael Bay is trying to make the worst possible movie that still makes millions of dollars .
 mediocre at best Story line was bad ; dry and predictable only action scenes drew interest . they used one liners from previous movies .
 I wish I had n't spent the money ... It follows in the same style as the other two Transformers movies , but it turns the formula up a bit . There 's more action and more bickering between characters , but plot , story and character development , drama , and any semblance of intelligence are sacrificed for it.Yes , the special effects are cool , but the dialog and interaction between characters is downright painful , which kept suspension of disbelief from kicking in.If I had it to do over again , I 'd rent this one .
 I went into this movie hoping it could be better than TF2 . It is , but not by much . I 'm going to be honest . I think Transformers 2 is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I do n't know why I saw the 3rd one , but the Chicago part looked interesting . Little did I know it would take 2 long boring hours to get that part . On top of that . It was n't even that impressive . I hate Shia 's parents . I hate his new girlfriend . I hate Michael Bay humor . I hate this movie and I hate the fact I spent 12 bucks to go see it . I do n't think Michael Bay understand that everything gets boring without a plot or some kind of tension going on . It 's so BORING . I literally sat in the theater hoping it was over only to look at my watch and see that only 10 minutes had passed .
 As you have read , wait for the deluxe version later in the year . So for now , just rent it for now !!!
 I made the mistake of buying this version . But luckily I did n't open it once I got home , so I was able to return it today . I 'm not going to fall for the same money trap again -LRB- Avatar -RRB- . I 'll just wait a few months and get the Special Edition one with all the extra features.Now me just ranting here for a bit . But what the hell Paramount , I know times are tough for everyone but do you have to do this to us . Trying to rip off the loyal customers is not good business .
 First off , DIE HARD Transformers fan.First transformers movie from a character development , plot , story telling and CGI standpoint one of the best movies in last 10 years for the genre.Second one lacked many of those facets as the first had , but still produced a quality albeit flawed story . Plus the action was better.Third one lacked nearly any character development , story was poorly told with huge plot holes within the movie itself -LRB- not to mention tying any consistency with the previous two -RRB- . The action scene was almost to long while being non-linear and really not very epic . Basically you sit through an hour and half of some comedic wit , tons of useless cameos , and watch Sam whine about how much his life sucks . Also Michael Bay fails miserably in replacing Megan Fox . I am not a huge fan of her as an actress but I found myself rooting for the decepticons to kill her replacement off often but to no avail.Finally `` Spoiler alert `` We are to believe that this advanced alien race takes over the city of Chicago , and the primary reason they do this is to enslave mankind to rebuild their home world . Yet in order to do this they go on a killing spree reminiscent of Mars Attacks on the city . I do n't know about you , but if the Egyptians had vaporized their slaves those pyramids would not have been built as quick ... Then we are forced to watch a movie called `` Transformers '' show us the epic struggle of mankind for another 30 minutes while a building is falling -LRB- physics and common sense aside -RRB- . Finally to have mankind 's struggle really mean nothing when Optimus just owns everyone with a splash of help from Megatron . Then the movie just ends ... Thats it , no closure , do n't bother to tie any plot strings together let alone insert a plot.I give the movie 2 stars to be generous because as I said , I am a Die Hard Transformers fan . But this movie was a greater disappointment then Green Latern and superman returns combined in my humble opinion .
 Not what I expected , the first Transformers was the best . The special effects was great but acting was not , too bad .
 I think Michael Bay may have phoned this one in . There are so many things wrong with this movie I do n't know where to begin .
 UPON leaving my 9 year old insised to know EXCATLY what was happening in the bathroom stall?SPOUSE was blank ... . I hummed and hawwed ... IS THAT SEQUENCE ABSOLUTELY REQUIRED ?
 One thing that baffles me , is how someone who was never a fan of the original cartoon and an almost 70 year old producer are somehow qualified to revamp a franchise and cater it to the same kids-now adults that will wonder if they ever watched the series , researched the series or have a clue as to why kids liked it in the first place . Somehow I ca n't find the answer and that has been the biggest problem with this franchise . Besides Prime , nothing is relatable to the original series to tie these same adults to it in a manner that will have longevity . Basically they got it wrong , when sometimes people get it right and satisfy the youth locked into the 20-30 something adult much like some goof-off movie like Fanboys or recently Iron Man . Still , all nostalgia aside even as a casual fan , the last two movie totally sucked . The story 's were lame and the dialogue was horrible and almost embarrassing , I would never tell someone to watch it out of feeling shame when they thought it sucked.I walked into this movie expecting it to be worse , as usually the middle act of a trilogy is the best and thus I had no inclination that this could be drug out of the gutter . I was surprised . The movie still suffers from the usual nonsense however . Steven Spielberg has this penchant for always adding wise cracking `` Gremlin '' style characters to his movies and they are in abundance here . Laserbeak looks like a robotic reject puppet part from the movie `` The Dark Crystal '' without the puppet cast and has the most annoying , cliche ' 80 's sultress cartoon voice . Imagine a evil female villian from any Disney film and there you go . These characters use social dialogue which will only date a film years past and are annoying in present day as it is , adding horrible top 40 music does n't help either . How can I get into a movie with that girlie guy from American Idol singing in the background , its impossible . The script is a little better this time around but for a movie targeted at kids and to sell kids toys and other stuff , its laced with adult themes and slander . I would not take a child to this movie under 10 , maybe 13 . When gremlin mini robot says `` this is a cluster '' at which time the scene changes everyone knows what they are implying . So whats the point of that ? To be clever ? This movie is dumbed down like a comedy , but uses adult themes like a drama , but has hardcore action scenes like a `` R '' action movie , autobots getting their heads blown off execution style . Who is this catered too ? Kids ? Adults ? Again I am lost . The action scenes were well done , way better than the previous films inwhich the director is so impressed with the CGI that they slow it down and ram it down your throats while ignoring the reason they are in the scene to begin with . I once knew someone that said they thought it was awesome because the affects were so neat . Thats a sad thing to say about a movie . This time they ace all the close-ups of the gears and constant motion and use longer shots and more character driven scenes , such as between Bumblebee and that kid who is n't called Spike . There are some throwbacks in this film , unlike the others that avoided them . Megatron is still nothing like the character people rememeber . They debut Shockwave but give no explaination of where he came from , however he is at least similar to the origianl . They break out a new `` Prime '' using Leonard Nimoy , who voiced Galvatron in the animated cult classic . He is moreless Ronimus Prime gone bad . The movie imploys the storyline losely of the episode `` The Ultimate Doom '' from the 84 season . Bringing Cybertron to earth . Cybertron by the way is a desolate shell of a planet with no life ... why bring it to Earth via a space bridge is never explained . Another thing never explained is how this kid picks up hot chicks like his love interest . That is more unbelievable that anything in the movie .
 Its just thye movie with no special features.I made the mistake of buying it . Had i known i would have never bought it . Avoid wait till the special features come out .
 These transformer movies are horrible . The special effects are the only good thing about these movies . The actors , especially the main actor have drab storylines , stupid dialogue , and the transformer voices are poor . Unless you 're a kid , this movie is not for you .
 Megatron was going after the Cube on earth AND meeting up with Spock -LRB- aka Sentinel -RRB- for making the ultimate bad-ass portal ? How many other things will they tack on to that moment in history ? Transformers 4 anyone?The Soviets took pictures in 1963 of the Pillars drag marks and stockpiled on the moon . Who were these Decepticons that did this and why did n't they attack Earth for resources if they had nothing else to do?Soviets never bothered to tell anyone about those early pictures they took ? Sure would have been helpful to the Autobots years ago huh ? Another story spoiler the writers could n't afford.Sam 's hot model girlfriend -LRB- who cares what her name is -RRB- has her opening scene showing a close-up of her perfect a_ss in panties . Can we get back to the robots now and schedule her p_orn movie later ? - And let me know the title for that moviePoor Sam having it tough getting a job ... that storyline took too long and got annoying fast.Sam just happens to get a job where one of the few human worshiper-spies for the Decepticons works ? That sure was convenient . And what was up with that psycho Asian guy 's attitude ? Were they desperate for the underwear-disgusting , gay-like comedy?The Autobots revive Sentinel and speak to him in English when they try to calm him down . I sure hope he had been to earth in the past otherwise I can understand why he 's so freaked out by the Autobots ' voices.Sam 's parents camp out near Sam 's hot model girlfriend 's house and give him woman advice ... creepy.Sam tells his mom that his hot model girl is `` the one '' . Really ? If Mikaela dumped him after two big adventures and years together ... how long can he last with a hot model who does n't like him risking his life?Just after Sentinel reveals he 's really with the Decepticons and all h_ell breaks loose and Ironhide is killed , Sam goes back to visit his folks to have the girlfriend chat to change the pace of the movie ?? I 'm not sure which is worse
 i was really looking forward to the new movie i was so mad when i found out that megan fox got booted i knew that it would be hard to replace her not cuz shes beautiful but storyline wiseman they really messed things up in this one its sooo diff story wise than other towfirst off i hate the girl in it yeah shes hot but she doesnt fit in megan was a poor hot girl didnt mind getting dirty or fighting this girl is spoiled rich girl afraid to break a nail type and theres no background really to there love so were suppose to believe hes so head over heals he wants to marry her?also her acting really sucked and so did sha laboufs i thought he was on speed the whole movie talked way to fast and way overly drmaticthe beginging to middle of the movie was lame they tried way to hard to make it funny when what made transformers so great the first two times was that it was almost like unentional jokeshowvere the middle to end of the movie was excellent
 This is a good movie . Just stay away from this version . I was excited and bought it on release day only to find out that it is just the feature film . I was really disappointed . I would never have purchased this movie if I had known that it was the feature only . Yes , I know , in my excitement to get the movie , it was my own fault for not looking carefully at the back of the box , although , nowhere could I find that it says feature film only . I used to download movies illegally . I stopped and started buying them legit again because the special features are really enjoyable . When the companies charge full price for the feature only -LRB- which i can get from netflix anyway -RRB- , I feel cheated . Maybe everyone should start downloading illegally and really send hollywood or whoever a message that if they want our hard earned money they need to work a little harder for it . This is just my rant .
 -LRB- SORRY ... THIS IS FOR BLU-RAY , NOT AMAZON INSTANT VIDEO -RRB- Would have given 4 stars for the movie/blu-ray , but I was very disappointed there were no special features at all - not even notes . That 's the main reason I like DVDs and blu-rays so much ... for the special features that may contain commentary , interviews , behind the scenes and show how some of the FX were done - explosions and such . I 'm sure they will release another version in the near future with the special features movie buffs enjoy and spend more cash $ Who the hell comes out with a new release Blu-ray in this day & age with ZERO special features ??? DO NOT BUY - RENT FROM RED BOX .
 Dont give money to these filmakers that later on down the road release a better version of the same movie . . If you want extra features this version WILL NOT have it on the disc !! Wait for the deluxe version !
 Ok so I heard that this was better than the last Transformers -LRB- did n't see that one -RRB- , so I thought it must be ok . It 's got to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Horrible acting , not sure why Shia LaBeouf is an actor ... think Matthew McConaughey and Ben Affleck , but without the charisma . If you are into cartoons , explosions and superficial story telling then it might be palatable for you ... otherwise you 'd be better off watching the grass grow .
 who is on crack that they think any movie is worth 42 dollars 3D or not . This is just another scam like with cell companies and internet providers charging for data like there is some limited amount that isnt self imposed . The technology is not so overwhelming in RD to cost 4 times that of dvd and twice that of blu ray.Dont get me wrong love 3D and this was one of the best 3D movies I have seen but honestly 42 dollars just is taking advantage of consumers in a market that has no where else to go . If this disk was 30 bucks Id by it hesitantly but thats the problem with blu ray they charge way to much for the theatre experience . Sad too cause this movie and captain america are ones i would have bought but i refuse to let them think this is a good going price for the gimmick .
 the movie was bad the kid ruined it yellign and being angry the whole time . And it was the same as the last 2 movies nothing out very boring ending was ok .
 I pre ordered this thinking it was a great deal for 18 $ but I was so wrong ! Not only was it just the blu ray movie but there were NO EXTRAS on either the blu ray or the regular dvd !! They rushed this out to trick us all . This is worth 5 $ not 20 $ ! For 20 $ I bought the extended edition blu ray/DVD combo edition of suckerpunch and it came with over 4 hours of extras ! WAIT FOR THE BETTER VERISON ! THIS MOVIE IS SO INCREDIBLE save your money and wait to see it with the extras ! trust me !!! I returned this the day I got it , and will be saving up for the deluxe edition and maybe even the box set with tons of extras !
 i just got one word this movie blows one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time the first part of the movie put my wife to sleep . any body who reads this it is not even take the time our the money to by this movie
 I had heard that the movie was bad before going in , but I was surprised to know just how bad.The first few minutes were interesting . The 3D was good and the story was entertaining . And I pitied Bay when Sam was n't able to find a job . People have said that Bay was sad after people hated Falled so much , and so he tried to make Sam feal like him . Why is Bay so greedy for money anyway ? He should n't have made this one , it is horrible to say that Megan Fox 's character dumped Sam . After all they have been through ??? I mean seriously ! Can you imagine going back to watch the first two where the relationship was built knowing that it would be torn dow in the third?But then it transformed faster than Magatron can into a comedy which can be compared to the Muppets . The jokes are insane and sick . I was surprised and started to worry that the whole movie would be like that.Nope . Then came part two . Optimus Prime allows an ENTIRE city of people to die just to prove a point.Then comes part three . BOOM ! SMASH ! PUNCH ! BOOM ! SMASH ! PUNCH ! , wait a moment , I thought I just watched that ! It went on forever ! There was a moment where I was just sitting there staring at the screen and allowing my attention to wander . I was just waiting for it to end ... And then it did end : The battle was all too fast and short .
 There 's just no point to it . The movie sucks , it 's pure garbage . The bluray sucks , there are no special features , just the movie . Not worth the price . Save your money for something worthwhile , it 's a tough economy right now and this film does n't deserve any of your hard earned money . The fact that they 're releasing a bluray of the film without any supplements with the intent of releasing another bluray later this year with everything is just plain selfish business . This movie was so absolutely terrible , and if you honestly liked this and thought it was anything more than what it is , going so far as to say it was a ` good movie ' then that 's just sad . There are thousands of movies already out on bluray and still coming that deserve your $ 20 more than this one . If I may recommend it , spend your money on Tree of Life when it comes out just a week later on bluray . It 's not the greatest film ever made , but it 's the best to come out this year and the bluray is going to be so amazing . That movie alone is more rewarding in one viewing than this film could ever be . But regardless , please just do n't buy this movie , especially not this version of the bluray . If you want to spend $ 20 , give it to a charity or something , or keep saving up because the economy could nosedive again at any moment and this movie is n't worth the risk . Tree of Life is , but not this . NOT THIS MOVIE . YOUR MONEY IS WORTH MORE . DO N'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS . NOT THIS MOVIE .
 How could anyone watch any of these Transformers movies and consider them to be anything but garbage of the lowest order ? Michael Bay is without a doubt a brainless juvenile delinquent . Bayformers 3 might not be filled with as much cross burning racism and military propaganda as part 2 , but it 's still an insultingly stupid movie . Now , I know this is based on a cartoon about robots that turn into vehicles , but Thor/X-Men
 This film is like a teenager with short attention span . Storytelling is like facebooking.Too many plots to cover , horrible pacing , no depth .
 I guess i should have done more research before i bought this . I enjoy the transformers franchise and even though i feel like the 2nd and 3rd movie will never live up to the quality of the 1st I enjoyed this one enough to decide to buy this bluray/dvd hoping that the blu ray format and additional special features would keep me entertained . Well when you put the movie in you are treated to ; the movie , different audio languages , and nothing no commentary , behind the scenes , deleted scenes , etc. ... If you want nothing but a movie buy it off itunes or something , I 'd recommend getting the other special edition version that i learned about after I already bought this one
 Let 's start out with the film . I would say that this Transformers film rivals the first one in quality . It 's really that good . I would give it a solid four out of five . This was the first film that I had seen in IMAX 3-D after returning to the states from being stationed overseas . I was completely blown away with the 3-D effects and sound . However , I feel as if I have been duped by Paramount in that when I opened my blu-ray combo pack there was a 5 or 10 dollar off coupon for the Transformers
 I really liked the first one , and the second one was okay too . But Dark of the Moon was difficult to sit through for me . Endless dialogue with minimal action sequences , I found myself looking at the time far too often . They dropped Meghan Fox , who despite her controversial reputation , definitely added to the cast . The special effects are still amazing , but there just was n't enough action . BORING !!! If they are going to continue with this franchise they had better turn it up a few notches .
 Sorry with my english for i am from Montr&eacute;al.I still do not want to give up on Michael Bay . When i see him in interviews , underneath his condescending tone and his obvious self-love , i see an educated and intelligent man . I still have hope that he will mature eventually and direct a genuine great film . But right now , he is a teenager . He obviously thinks that most of his audience is dumb , sexually depraved and uneducated . The way he films women , the way he portrays the adults , the things he makes them say and do , the `` comedy '' that he puts in there and that he thinks will make us laugh , all of this makes me think that Michael Bay simply sees his fans as cavemen . And by reading some of the comments here , well my God , he 's about right!It is not a question of putting your brain to neutral in order to enjoy a good old `` pop corn '' movie . Not all `` pop corn '' movies are good . `` Transformers 3 '' is a bad movie . Just like the second one . Probably even more . The characters are stupid . The dialog is corny . The intentions are childish . And we just do n't care about anything . And why , oh why , do incredible and sexy women fall so much in love with Sam ? It is so obvious that Bay was a shy and rejected teenager and that he could n't get ... well , nevermind . I do n't know how Michael Bay and his team can watch a movie like that knowing that other people will witness such a disgraceful work of art . How can they be proud?God knows i enjoy all sort of films . Pop corn movies and art films . I loved the first `` Transformers '' . But it is clear to me now that Steven Spielberg had more of a word to say in the first one.And when i hear people calling this third film `` Excellent '' or `` Perfect '' ... it 's beyond me.The first part of the film , the prologue that is , when it deals with the missions on the Moon , well that part is truly fun . Those small parts are the ones that make me think that Bay will , one day , make a great `` Pop Corn '' movie . But the more i see him going and the more i hear him talk , i 'm starting to think that he wo n't be able to do it on his own , that he 'll need someone else to help him along the way , like Spielberg in the first `` Transformers '' . Again , i 'm all for `` Pop Corn '' movies . I enjoy them . But the directors must respect the viewer 's intelligence . Michael Bay does not . He is clearly saying that you are dumb . And some of you are worshiping him.Well you get the movies you diserve .
 A lot had been said by Michael Bay before this movie came out that he recognized the multitudes of problems with Transformers 2 and they were all going to be fixed for Transformers 3 . He lied . The only problem Michael Bay saw with Transformers 2 was that Transformers 2 , at two and a half hours long , was n't long enough.Before I begin totally railing against this abomination , I 'll say some nice things . Transformers 2 had no overarching story . This one kind of does , in that stuff that happens at the beginning factors into stuff that occasionally happens for the rest of the movie . Also , you can kind of make out what 's going on in these action scenes , for perhaps the first time in this series . I dunno if that 's due to Bay shooting for 3D or what , but you can actually see these action scenes.Unfortunately , none of that matters . While we finally may be able to tell WHAT is going on on screen , there 's still no way to decipher WHY any of it is going on on screen . Characters remain the bane of Bay 's career , in that none of them are interesting in any way and none of them have arcs . What the hell have Tyrese or Josh Duhamel done in ANY of these movies ? John Turturro ? Shia 's Parents ? Half of the transformers whose names I ca n't remember because there 's nothing memorable about them ? I could go on . There are so many characters that serve no purpose and are only in there because Michael Bay thinks they 're amusing . They 're not amusing and the movie would be much better off without the lot of them . I must also pause and make special mention of Ken Jeong in this movie . His character and performance are surreal . I dunno if Bay let him run wild with the role or directed him that way , but he is the worst thing about this whole movie.And then there 's Shia . Maybe he kind of has an arc in this movie . He occasionally whines about growing up and being a man , but that 's all he does . There 's no resolution or moment of growth , he just talks about it every now and again . And Shia 's acting is downright grating . He seemingly alternates between extreme emotions at random . Remember when Spielberg thought this guy was a big deal ? Those times have passed . Even worse is Shia 's new girlfriend . If you can find me a more bland leading woman in a film , I 'd be shocked . I was no fan of Megan Fox , but she is leagues better than Rosie Big Lips . At least she had a personality.It 'd all be fine if the action was cool , but it 's not . Everyone raves about the hour long action scene in Chicago . It 's a terrible hour that never ends . There are action scenes that work within this scene -LRB- most notably the building falling set piece -RRB- but the rest take place for no reason . There 's no objective for most of the action scenes and therefore nothing is ever accomplished . The wing suit scene ? What the hell did those jerks do once they landed ? Nothing ! They land and are never heard from again . These action scenes carry all the weight of a screensaver.I also must bring something else up . In said long action scene in Chicago , there is a good seventeen minutes of screen time where Optimus Prime is caught in wires . Optimus Prime , in case you do n't know , is a giant robot who can fly and has a giant gun and carries a sword . And he 's caught in wires . For seventeen minutes . Other Transformers even try to come and help him , and he 's still caught IN F#@$ING WIRES for seventeen minutes . This is some of the laziest writing I 've ever seen . It 's also a very good indication that a -RRB- Optimus Prime is a terrible character and b -RRB- that action scene goes on for far too long.I do n't know why I watched either Transformers sequel . Morbid curiosity , I suppose . I just do n't understand why this franchise makes a billion dollars every time out when we have plenty of blockbusters that bring the spectacle without forgoing basic filmmaking/storytelling competency . This summer alone we got Harry Potter , Captain America , X-Men First Class , and Rise of the Planet of the Apes . All of those movies are wildly better than this trash heap . Hell , even Fast Five puts this movie to shame.To put it shortly , the Transformers trilogy is the worst trilogy ever made .
 If you like any special features at all do not buy this version . They are doing the same thing as Avatar . This release gets a full price but absolutely zero special features . Not so much as a trailer . They will be putting out deluxe versions toward the end of the year including a 3D combo pack , blu ray combo pack & dvd . ALL will be packed & you will kick yourself for having to buy this a second time . Many people do n't care about features but if you do consider yourself forewarned . And it 's not like they 're giving you a cut on the price for a `` movie only '' release .
 Why would you take a franchise that had so much promise , and turn it into a monstrosity of a movie?When the first Transformers film was released back in 2007 as an ` 80s child I was highly anticipating my shape shifting robots on the big screen . When I found out that they took the time to gather Peter Cullen to go back to his roots and voice Optimus Prime I was awestruck . After a fantastic film that did n't really give me enough robots that I anticipated I was eager for more . Then came ` Revenge of the Fallen ' More robots , intense action , but unfortunately more humans and horrible acting in a over 2 hour film . After that a promise was made by Michael Bay that the third film was going to be one of the greatest action films ever and yes there would be more robots and more character development . ` Dark of the Moon ' came , there were some amazing action sequences , and yes more robots ... BUT ... no plot , no acting skill and just a bunch of special effects and explosions to cover the mess all up . This movie has the word fail written all over it I do n't even want to purchase this DVD . Hell , this movie makes ` Revenge of the Fallen ' look good and that says a lot ! At this point I am devastated after 4 years of what could have been one of the greatest stories ever told on film based on a true animation revolution , I was left with disgust and sheer disappointment . Take these movies ... maybe not the first and bury them deep underground and let 's never speak of them again . If there is a Transformers 4 or a Transformers reboot , you can bet your money that I will not be sitting in that theater .
 This movie is terrible . It is the kind of movie that you could dissect frame by frame and explain why literally EVERYTHING that is happening is stupid . Everything . There is nothing redeeming about this film . There is nothing memorable about this film . There is nothing original , creative , or imaginative about this film . Watching this film is like being chocked to death by having roadkill jammed down your throat.Join me my friends on a journey of explanation - together we will walk the yellow brick road of why this film sucks.The plot makes no sense . None . A ship escapes Cybertron during the last days of the war between the Autobots and Decepticons . The ship is caring some `` Prime '' guy and a technological wonder - some sort of teleportation machine . Apparently the Prime guy is a tech wiz and he is the only one that can make this teleportation apparatus work ... and it is special because it could have `` ended the war . '' How ? Who knows . Nevermind.Well , the ship gets damaged and miraculously crosses half the known universe to crash on the dark side of the Moon . Apparently , the Decepticons discover the ship at some point and they take most of the columns that make up the teleportation device . However , they leave the Prime and 4 of the columns - because Prime is the only one that can operate the machine and they are going to trick the Autobots many years in the future into traveling to the moon to find the ship , and the Prime , bring him back to Earth with the 4 remaining columns , and use the Matirx to reactive him -LRB- because the Matrix is the only way to do it -RRB- , then Prime will betray the Autobots and work with Megatron to reactivate the teleportation machine to `` bring '' Cybertron into Earth space for some reason that would actually make a difference but we really are n't sure of.Got all that?Hey Moondonkey ? You ask . How are the Autbots going to learn about the ship on the moon?Weeeelllllllll ... for some reason the Autobots are going to attack an underground Russian installation and find a piece of the ship . Except that the Decepticons will also have a big worm-like robot there fighting to get the piece of the ship as well -LRB- sort of like a metal sandworm from Dune -RRB- . The Autobots need to defeat the worm in order to find the ship part so that they can discover the existence of the ship so that they can rescue Prime so that that can reactivate Prime so that Prime can betray the Autobots so that Prime can activate the teleportation machine so that a bunch of Decepticons can jump into Earth space -LRB- from where ? -RRB- so that the decepticons can take over a big city -LRB- I forget which one it was -RRB- so that they can activate the machine from the top of a sky scraper so that they can teleport Cybertron into Earth space.Again - got all that.Soooo ... what if the Decepticon worm had `` won '' and gotten away with the spacechip part ? What then ? Then the Autobots would n't realize the ship was on the moon and the Decepticon plot to activate the machine would fail . Ok ... So why the F is a damn Decepticon worm fighting the Autobots for the ship part ? Huh ? Why not just let the Autobots find the damn thing ? What sense does this make?And this is just one example of how stupid this movie is.Another brief example : Skip back for a minute - recall how the Autobots went to the moon to find the ship . They used a spaceship , right ? Later in the movie the Autobots get kicked off of Earth by the humans and they have to rig up a spaceship using shuttle parts because they do n't have a ship capable of space travel . Uhhhh ... wait a minute , then what the heck did they use to travel to the moon in the first place ? Why does n't that ship work?Another example : When the Decepticons take over the city , where do the giant Decepticon ships come from ? There are these giant alien Decepticon ships flying around . Where did they come from ? When the Prime opens the teleportation gate for the first time , a FEW Decepticons slip through . Ok , fine . But there sure as heck were n't any giant Decepticon ships that came through the gate . The next thing we know there is some sort of Decepticon space navy flying around.Unfortunately , I ca n't go into every detail of how this movie sucks because it would probably take 20 pages . I 'm serious . You can dissect every single scene in this film and explain how and why it is stupid . Every scene.Oh - final point . Who is the moron that came up with the idea of making some of the autobots into stupid little comedy relief robots ? Any why would some robots have `` old '' looking robot hair like balding old men ? S. . . T. . . U. . . P. . . I. . . D.
 This version is being rushed out at the end of this month . Michael Bay has stated that a Bigger and Better 3D bluray version will be released later , with ALOT more extras than this edition . That version will be release on standard Blu as well , Looks like before the end of this year , just in time for the holidays .
 This film was by far , the most mediocre , melodramatic , hackneyed , and banal piece of work that Bay has ever put on screen.If you have the mentality of a ten-year-old , then yes , you 'll find this film entertaining , but for all adults out there , you should best skip this thing .
 Purchased as part of Black Friday sale at a very good price . The digital content code in the disc expired 9/30/12 . It does n't make the movie bad , but it does impact the product such that it is not what is described .
 Digital copy expired 2 months ago so unable to put it on ipad . Would not have bought if i knew the digital copy wasnt included
 Boobies , explosions , and maybe the fight/transformation scenes would have been awesome with theater version basss/surround sound . A waste of time . Unless you 're drunk . Then it 's ok .
 Ugh ! What a steaming pile of predictability this movie was . At least I did n't pay to see it and was able to read a software tech manual while `` watching '' this . The plot is thinner than the paper it was written on and the acting , well its typical Michael Bay which means you can see more believable productions at you local high school . It was easily an hour too long and the special effect have been used hundreds before . I think the saddest part was hearing Lenard Nimoy as Optimus Sentimental , I mean Sentinel . Gratuitous sci-fi pandering at it 's lowest .
 Look , I understand that with big-name films , there 's going to be multiple home versions of it on any given format . Usually there 's the basic version that includes the film and maybe one or two features , like a commentary or some deleted scenes or something , but otherwise pretty minimal stuff . That 's fine , considering that they often charge only about $ 20-30 for that kind of version , and usually release the `` real '' special features-heavy version very close to or at the same time as that version . It makes sense , since we think we 're getting the `` real '' version by paying more money for something that should be there to begin with . But the existence of the basic version tricks us into buying the `` real '' version , like it 's some ultra-special edition , and to own the basic edition is a mark of shame . It makes sense , really . I mean , would you want the crap version of the film with nothing on it but the basic theater version ? Of course you would n't . But we 'll still charge you $ 10 extra for the `` real '' version under the pretext that it 's a special edition of some kind , instead of the reality that it 's the only version they expect you to buy at some point if you 're a fan of the film.So , you can see where I 'm going here . This is the absolute bare-bones version of the film , with absolutely * zero * special features . No commentaries , no deleted scenes or outtakes , no featurettes , nothing . You get the film . No more.We 'll still charge you $ 30-40 for it , though . And the special edition , which will be released several months later , will cost just as much if not more than this version . So , what are you going to do ? Spend the cash now for the basic version , or be the last to own it at home while waiting months for the real version with all the cool stuff ? It puts you in an impossible dilemma that you ca n't escape . See , production companies have found that people often buy the basic version if they release it at the same time as the special edition , since people often do n't care about anything but the film , and will gladly take the reduced price . That changes when they 're spread out this far apart . This adds a whole new dimension of what 's worth what -- and I guarantee you that people are trading in their old editions for the new one right now , and in bundles , just as the studio always planned.It 's great marketing , sure , but it 's also an obvious ripoff that does n't even bother to hide that it 's a ripoff . We could have at the very least been given some kind of commentary , bare minimum . Anything , really . Just ... Anything . I mean , this is a full-price Blu-ray with a pretty moot digital copy , but it does n't include what that often entails.This , in a word , sucks . Hard . They threw out the Blu-ray as fast as humanly possible , while planning the entire time to release a real edition with special features out the whazoo . Studios are always trying to cash in on big-name films with their home releases , especially considering how awful box offices are doing these days -LRB- with the insane ticket prices and ridiculous emphasis on no-effort 3D effects , they should have seen that coming -RRB- , but while I think this deserves no stars for being downright deceptive -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , you ca n't blame the studios for pulling off what works to get the most money for the least effort . So , here you go
 I used the search window using `` 3-d movies '' as the criteria and this movie popped up along with dozens of other 3-d movies , but when I received it , I realized I had not read the description close enough to see that this movie was NOT 3-d . Amazon-please do n't place 2-d movies selections in with the 3-d ones ! I had to pay $ 2.98 to return an item that should n't have been offered in a search of 3-d movie selections . Ouch . All in all I love Amazon , but I 'll be more careful in the future . My bad .
 ** 1/2The original `` Transformers '' film was clearly a fluke.After a lot of initial skepticism , I went to see the original `` Transformers '' film and was surprised by how much I enjoyed it . Funny characters , exciting action scenes , really cool special effects thrown into Michael Bay 's blender to produce a very enjoyable summer movie experience . In the inevitable sequel , `` Revenge of the Fallen '' , Bay heaps on the characters , the special effects , the so-called ` funny moments ' and a particularly jarring Jar-Jar Binks-esque pair of characters to create a loud mishmash that completely loses any humanity , any character the first film has . So , when I heard they were doing a third `` Transformers '' film , the eternal optimist in me hoped that Bay would learn from the mistakes of the second film and create something closer to the first.But he seems to consider the huge box office of `` Fallen '' as license for more of the same . `` Dark of the Moon '' begins with an interesting premise . The entire Apollo Space program was a ruse , a cover-up to get to the moon and find and investigate a strange space craft . The space craft crashed many years ago when Sentinel Prime -LRB- voiced by Leonard Nimoy -RRB- managed to escape the destruction of the Transformers home planet carrying precious cargo . The United States and Russia begin the Space Race to find out what crash landed on the moon . Flash forward to present day . Sam Witwicky -LRB- Shia LaBeouf -RRB- and his girlfriend Carly -LRB- British supermodel Rosie Huntington-Whitely -RRB- are living in Washington and Sam is trying to get a job . He is more than a little pissed that he helped to save humanity twice , but ca n't get a job . His parents -LRB- Kevin Dunn and Julie White -RRB- pop up for a surprise visit and Sam manages to get a job with an accounting firm run by Bruce Brazos -LRB- John Malkovich -RRB- . At the same time , Lennox -LRB- Josh Duhamel -RRB- is still running the unit with the Transformers , traveling around the world to put a stop to the various Decepticons . But Optimus Prime is concerned about Mearing 's -LRB- Frances McDormand -RRB- handling of the unit . Then he begins to realize the Decepticons are about to try and retrieve the cargo Sentinel Prime has on his ship . They race to the moon and bring the dormant Transformer back . Eventually , the Opticons and the Decepticons begin to battle in Chicago . And Sam , Carly , Lennox and Epps -LRB- Tyrese Gibson -RRB- are all back in the center of the action . `` Dark of the Moon '' is a little better than the last film . And this can be contributed to the pretty impressive battle in Chicago , which closes the film . It also lasts a long time , making it a little more impressive and also a little excessive . But it is still fun nonetheless.But let 's talk more about that in a minute.The best summer films contain the most interesting characters , the most interesting character development . Without believable , or at least interesting , characters , why should we care about all of the special effects , explosions , car chases , etc. . In `` Dark of the Moon '' , the actors seem to be in a contest to see who can out mug each other . Each actor creates a human cartoon character with broad gestures , bugged out eyes , flailing hands , and the like . And the winner of this contest would have to be Shia LaBeouf . He starts screaming at people and yelling and overacting for little or no reason . And he does this throughout the film , basically at the drop of a hat . The whole idea wears thin quickly . Basically , his performance is nothing like what an actual human would do in the same situations . John Malkovich is also so broad , his performance is almost unwatchable . Generally , Malkovich plays strange , unusual people , but Brazos is just a strange , strange creation . Worse it is difficult to figure out why he is acting like this . He does n't really seem to be a part of the plot . Kevin Dunn and Julie White seem to be comic relief because they appear to be used simply to make Sam cringe and start yelling . Frances McDormand -LRB- really ? -RRB- is also pretty bad , doing very little to create a believable persona . Patrick Dempsey pops up a few times . His performance only prompts me again to wonder why he is working with such a bad agent . After making such an impact in `` Grey 's Anatomy '' , Dempsey has appeared in a number of films and all but one has not provided him with the opportunity to create a memorable character . But the worst is easily Ken Jeong , who made such an impact in `` The Hangover '' . Because of the success of that role , he seems to be getting additional work in which the filmmakers simply want him to recreate that character , only broader . Yikes . Broader than `` The Hangover '' ? In `` Dark of the Moon '' , he never utters a word in anything that could be considered a normal voice . He is always yelling , whispering in a loud voice , flailing his arms , the like . Basically , it is a repeat of his performance in `` The Hangover 2 '' . On the opposite side of the coin , Josh Duhamel seems to be in a different film altogether . If the other characters are broad and over-the-top , Lennox is downright sedate . He is always serious , always has an eye on the situation at hand . In other words , he is in an action film and tries to figure out how to get out of the situations created by the Transformers.When the action shifts to Chicago and the Decepticons begin to put their plan into motion , the film picks up a bit . Maybe this is because everyone is running around and fighting and there simply is n't any time to try and act.Why this battle takes place in Chicago is still lost on me . For some reason , the Decepticons have chosen to use Chicago as Ground Zero for their plan . Their plan is to use these machines to ... Well , if that is really that important to you , you should find out what their plan is by watching the film . But why they choose Chicago is vague.The climatic battle is long , a little excessive and fun to watch . It 's even a little corny because the Decepticons raise the bridges completely hampers the progress of the humans and this becomes the main thrust of their efforts for a while . `` We have to get the bridges lowered '' . People are trying to hack into computers , soldiers are trying to get close to auxiliary switches , everyone wants to get close to the bridges because `` We have to get the bridges lowered . '' I guess they ca n't use boats , swim , use the El tunnels , get close enough to use missile launchers , etc.Once the fighting gets under way , everyone gets together to come up with a plan . They have to take out a certain tower , because the Decepticons have set up this machine that will ... Again , see the movie . But to take out this tower , they have to get close to the tower . How do you do that when all of the bridges are up ? Well , they decide to do a dangerous sky dive . This is really the centerpiece of the entire sequence and it is pretty impressive . A large group of soldiers drops into the sky and flies towards their target , small wings attached between their arms and bodies . It is a visually stunning stunt and pretty exciting to watch . Bay seems to realize this because he includes the stunt twice . Normally , doing something twice in a row would point out the lack of original ideas , but I did n't care because it was fun to watch.At one point , all of the humans are trying to get to a floor in the building directly across from the Decepticons machine . Apparently , they can only disable the machine by shooting at it in a straight line , directly across from it . The Decepticons learn they are in the building and send Shock Wave to take them out . Shock Wave is a large Transformer with large extensions , tentacles , that appear to extend from the main body and can wind and tunnel into anything , in a more fluid manner . Shock Wave is introduced early in the film , but the true terror of the Decepticon does n't come into play until this sequence.And it also provides an opportunity for Sam and Carly to get in the way of danger . Repeatedly . And it provides an opportunity for Sam to save his pouty lipped girlfriend more than once.The most impressive thing about the `` Transformers '' films is the special effects . Sure , CGI can let most filmmakers accomplish some pretty impressive stuff , but when your special effects move as fast as the Transformers do , that adds another degree of difficulty , another degree of interest and it really holds your attention.The least impressive thing about the `` Transformers '' films -LRB- and any Michael Bay film for that matter -RRB- is the acting . But in the first film , the acting seemed to be sweet , somewhat genuine and even a little plausible . Sure , there was a lot of shouting and John Turturro was pretty over-the-top , but these moments seemed justified by the unique nature of the threat . In `` Fallen '' , the balance shifted and the acting grew exponentially cartoonish . In `` Dark of the Moon '' , I ca n't say the acting has improved , in fact , I think Shia LaBeouf is even worse in this film , but the balance has shifted again , just slightly . The unique and interesting nature of the special effects and some of the action scenes outweighs the arm flailing and histrionics from Sam.Based on the enormous success of this film , there will be a sequel . Yawn . I want to say I wo n't be in the theater , waiting to get my money 's worth . But by that point , I probably will have bought into the hype again and parked my but in a seat on the aisle , waiting for the silver screen to come to life .
 Okay ... for starters , I liked the first two Transformers movies ; they 're what got me BACK into Transformers . I know the second one had some serious flaws , but I enjoyed it for the mindless action Bay-film that it was.Now , as I said , Michael Bay 's movies got me back into Transformers . As a result , I watched some of the shows , did some research on characters and backstory , and played the High Moon Studios games . I made myself a die-hard Transformers fan , and when I saw MORE classic characters were going to be in THIS , Dark of the Moon , I was thrilled ... Then I saw it and ranted the next few days.To sum up , pros and cons ; PROS : * Apollo 11 references were cool * The epic , tragic feel of the attack on Chicago and the havoc wrought on humanity * Less of Bay 's racial-based humor , though not entirely absent.CONS -LRB- oh boy -RRB- : * Decepticons STILL suck ; Megatron , Starscream and the other Decepticons can barely so much as scratch a HUMAN , let alone an Autobot . Very anti-climatic and a betrayal to their characters ; Decepticons , especially Megatron , are supposed to be BAD-@$$ . I was hoping they 'd make Starscream and Megatron better , like in the first movie opposed to the second , but they just suck MORE . * The new chick . I was n't biased because I was a die-hard Megan Fox fan , but this new chick was pointless . She does n't do ANYTHING to help other than irk a useless Megatron , and the first shot of her is her tush . Basically , Bay was like `` OH CRAP , our hot girl 's gone , got ta get another - OH LOOK A VICTORIAN SECRET MODEL GET HER @ $ $ IN HERE ! '' What the hell ? I do n't go to Transformers for the ditsy , useless hot chicks . Make her a strong character , at least Megan Fox helped FIGHT ! * Annoying , `` Original '' Transformers . Needed something to replace the racially insentive duo from the second one , did n't we ? * New villains . Shockwave was marketed as a major villain in this movie , but he has one line , does very little , and dies pathetically . Does n't even get an actual fight , he just gets shot a bunch , stabbed and dies . Sentinel Prime , ANOTHER betrayal of the character Bay was basing him off , took Shockwave 's spotlight and this was totally pointless . * Not really a Transformers movie . Very few Autobot vs Decepticon fights . Most of it is just our Bay-glorified military flying in to save the day . I would n't have a problem with that if that 's what I was EXPECTING , but this is FREAKING TRANSFORMERS !!! Hate this movie , despite the few and far between good bits . Wo n't see Transformers 4 , if there is one . The way Bay threw away Shockwave and other classic characters shows he does n't care for their potential epic impact as he does their marketability . This movie showed me the kind of director Michael Bay is ; an exploitative , money-grubbing director .
 The first few Transformers movies had awful dialog , bad acting , and substituted explosions for plot . And still I actually managed to sit all the way through them . I got about 45 minutes into this one and could n't go on . Awful .
 It is n't very often that I turn off a movie and walk away before it has ended but this movie was deserving of such behavior . Damn you Michael Bay for killing my childhood memories about Transformers . I believed that you were sincere when apologizing for the previous embarrassment that netted you a lot of money and wanted to believe that this movie would be better . No , it was n't . Where is your pride ? Better yet , where is your soul . Wait , I can see it circling the drain ready to disappear forever . I will never watch any of your movies again and hope the same for others . you . sick . bastard .
 It 's marginally better than the second of the series , with action sequences that border on coherent , but just a few minutes in it 's already pointlessly foolish , and does n't do much to redeem itself over the next few hours . Big robots , smash smash smash . Whatever .
 Standard Michael Bay garbage . Totally removed from the original idea , especially concerning Optimus Prime 's character . The ideals the character originally stood for are completely ignored in favor of kill shots and ` Murican tough guy crap .
 continuity was not there , story line was unknown . so unrealistic , non continuous , special effect show that even that was no good .
 Two of these movies was plenty . The hot girl was so ridiculously hot as to be unbelievable and not in a good way .
 I do n't even remember the plot , the resolution , or much else about this . However , I also do n't remember it being painfully bad as the previous installment was . You should not go out of your way to watch this , but there are worse movies .
 I got dizzy watching the machines transform . I only watched the movie to see Chicago , because I live there . Needless to say , I did not like this movie .
 The acting is horrible . The story is nonexistent . This is a movie that is surely not worth your time.The special effects are its one redeeming factor , but they ca n't redeem this movie . The only good thing about this compared to Transformers 2 is that there is less screaming in this one .
 As another reviewer wrote , I watched this partly out of morbid curiosity -LRB- while trapped on an 8-hour trans-Atlantic flight -RRB-
 Man , where do I even begin with this disaster of a movie ? First of all , it starts off with Optimus Prime narrating about how the Transformers came to be , as if we did n't hear any of that in the first 2 films . Very bizarre way to open the movie.Hardly a mention of Megan Fox 's character , after being the love of Sam 's life for the first 2 movies , and knowing vital information about the Autobots . Now this new girl is all of a sudden privy to the information , just like that ? Weird , did n't make sense . She could have been written in better . Sam 's relationship is a very important aspect of these movies , but this transition was ridiculously done . Horrible job by the writers on that one.There were WAY too many action sequences in this movie . Michael Bay , true to his character , just enjoys blowing things up in Transformers movie . He took it to ridiculous extremes with this one . The final HOUR of the movie was a straight fight sequence ! I 've never seen anything like it , in over 30 years of watching movies . Sam narrowly avoided being killed about 760 times during the movie . Yawn.This movie was a complete and utter disaster . The CGI effects were pretty good , but you just did n't care this time around . No character build-ups , too much action , storyline was hurried , just was n't a good movie at all . Please do n't make a Transformers 4 !
 I do n't want to spoil anything up front -LRB- though there 's not much to spoil -RRB- , so I will not debate any plot points until the end , marked by the big '' ********* '' . If you want to see this movie , please do n't read past that point.Here 's a few things to consider , though . In 21/2 hours of movie , I felt like I got about 10 minutes of Transformer fighting in . Seriously . Pretty bad for something billed `` The Greatest Action Movie of All Time . '' There was more action of humans running to and from battles , but that was about it.There 's probably about 30 minutes of those slow motion scenes where someone 's walking to or from something exploding , or that slow-motion `` dramatic pause '' .10 Minutes of Action does not make an Action Movie ! I would have settled for ten minutes of good plot.On to the spoilers -LRB- DO NOT GO PAST THIS POINT IF YOU WANT TO WATCH THE MOVIE -RRB- **************************************************************************************************************************************************************************** So let me get this right , Sentinel Prime is a traitor , but gives the life spark back to Optimus when it 's offered to him . Ummm , bad guy Prime , that was game , set , and match . Would have made winning that war pretty easy . This scene is so bad when you see in the very next scene Sentinel shows he 's a traitor.And the second unbelievable point
 It takes more than special effects to make a movie . The first film was good , the 2nd one mostly decent , but this was unadulterated , predictable , garbage , full of bad acting eye candy . The heroine of this tale could n't find a coherent sentence with a conjunctive map . Should have stuck with Megan Fox . At least she had some real attitude .
 ~ 40 minutes in , so bored I quit . Seriously , unintertained to the extent that I closed the browser . Honestly , though I 've stopped watching a movie from lack of interest before , it 's never been this bad . Also , the first forty minutes did not start up any comprehensible plot .
 When I saw a review giving this movie 0 out of 5 -LRB- the 3rd time this respected source has ever done so -RRB- , I should have listened . If 2 had plot holes , 3 has plot chasms . There is no story . A few special effects can not redeem such gaping wounds that make up the rest of the film -LRB- plot , charisma , fan service -RRB- . Michael Bay really needs to stop raping people 's childhoods -LRB- a la South Park George Lucas style -RRB- . Go watch the '86 animated film instead and save yourself the excruciating pain that is The Dark Side of the Moon -LRB- and I 'm not talking Pink Floyd -RRB- .
 I cant get the narrator off in the background . . I tried 3 different dvd players . . Anyone know how ? email me at gibby@sev.org .
 I have not received it yet am very disappointed as I was told I would get it by the official release date am still waiting
 and a complete waste of electricity . Michael Bay has not been hungry for years , therein lies the problem . Let 's see what happens in the inevitable sequel .
 First , I really enjoyed the movie . Like the other two films , this was a lot of fun to watch because you can disengage and simply enjoy the action.The bad news is that if you care anything about extra features , this is not the release for you . A blu-ray like this is completely unacceptable and is truly a money grab . Wait for the next release which is suppose to come out later this year . From now on I 'll pay more attention to the release notes . I have n't bought anything like this in quite some time .
 Please find something else to do for two and half hours.There is are so many things wrong with this movie to list , but I will say there was one redeeming quality of the movie and that was actor John Malkovich.As I said I am not going to go into all the things that made this movie horrible , but I will say for just about two hours I was hoping it would end and every time I had enough , John did his thing and I was back to watching the movie.I had thought number two was bad but his one was even worse and lets hope that they never make another one.Timahh
 Crap , crap , crap . Bad acting , big explosions , and video game CGI a good movie does not make . Like a 2 hour Hasbro toy commercial . This film made Star Wars Episode 1 with Jar Jar Binks seem like an Academy Award worthy film . And I 'm a Superhero/Godzilla/Monster geek ... this is just awful ... terrible . At least the first one was semi-watchable -- and where 's Megan Fox ? That would have been the only redeeming quality in this junk-fest ... I mean alien robots who change into cars and trucks ??? It 's a movie based on a TOY for God 's sake ! A bad toy made into an even worse film . Avoid like The Plague .
 First , let me say that I like the movie . But if you do n't like it , then ignore it . If you do n't know , check movie reviews or rent it first and decide for yourself . That aside , this review is n't about the Movie - but rather the media . So , I 'll admit that I 'm a little late to the HDTV party . I 've actively shunned Blu-Ray - price has been too high and also I have substantial DVD content . When Amazon offered this title with the Triple format -LRB- Blu-Ray , DVD , AND Digital Copy -RRB- - and - the price was $ 19.99 -LRB- pre-order -RRB- I thought it had to be a mistake . That 's close to my personal ` price point ' - and the DVD includes a Blu-Ray and Digital copy . I 've moved to streaming , use both the Amazon Cloud as well as Amazon Digital Content and have setup my own DLNA Media Server . This would be a perfect addition to my digital video library - and High Def . Boy was I wrong . After Amazon shipped , I started checking my Amazon Digital Library for my new purchase to show up . Finally , the package from Amazon arrived ON FRIDAY !!! - New releases are on Tuesday , and previously w/Prime , Amazon has shipped on Monday . Usually , I have the package on Tuesday or Wednesday . I 'm Amazon Prime , pre-ordered weeks in advance , it 's not like it was a surprise or something . But , ok , I can live with that . I drive by Wal-mart , Target , K-mart , Blockbuster , Costco & 5 Redboxes every day - If I really needed it on Tuesday or Wednesday I can shop there instead of Amazon . When I finally GET my ` triple ' play - I read on a little insert - that the Digital Copy is a Download from Paramount . Oh , not quite what I was expecting , but again I can live with that . So , off I go to the URL to download the Movie . There is an ITunes option - but I do n't do business with ITunes - I have Amazon . First , you must download and install the Paramount Download Manager -LRB- great more crap-ware on the PC -RRB- . Only then you can download the Movie . Transformers-DOTM runs 2:34:40 to watch . The download file is 2.1 GB -LRB- the maximum Amazon Cloud Video file size allowed is 2.0 GB -RRB- - and the download took 41/2 DAYS . The download manager would stop , apparently at random sometime after about 8 hours every day . The download rate - when it was working varied between 20-50kb / s -LRB- old dialup modem speed -RRB- . Now , after 41/2 days , the resolution on the download is either 720x300 or 320x136 -LRB- a second 800mb version -RRB- - so It 's not 1080 HD anyway - and is no better than the DVD . They are Windows WMV files that carry DCP - so they do n't work with the Logitech Revue - Google TV or the Google Chromebook and I and ca n't recode them to something else that is compatible - or even split it in 1/2 so I can upload it to the Amazon Cloud . What a lousy mess - and terrible experience . To be fair - I did find -LRB- too late -RRB- - a Amazon FAQ that gave some warning - and did clarify the Digital Copy did n't go to the Amazon Digital Media Library . Believe me neither Paramount or Amazon will get me to waste any money - ever again on a Blu-Ray - Triple Play or anything else with the deplorable utility of the Digital Copy .
 Bad acting and a cheap love story make this one of the worst Transformers movie to date . I wish the Transformers movies would focus more on the actual transformers of the movie instead of a bad love story . I remember Transformers the animated movie was all about the transformers and did n't try to focus too much on the humans and their problems . The fight with Megatron was epic and Unicron was an amazing villain . And the rivalry between Skyscream and Megatron made for an interesting plots on the decepticon side . The exploration and fights on the distant planets was fun and exciting . My suggestion to make this movie great instead of bad or mediocre is to fire all the bad actors and do a movie strictly about the transformers and their backgrounds . Or simply remake the animated movie into an actual motion picture .
 Double dip express continues and continues and continues ... Thankfully we have Amazon reviews to keep a few buyers from losing out , much like the LOTR Blurays.Still as long as there are consumers to buy these initial skimmed down releases and the studio can make a profit the farce will carry on .
 Being curious about the current ` state of the arts in Hollywood ' is possibly an acceptable reason for viewing this grueling 21/2 hour + mechanical mishmash , but after enduring the storyless CGI exercise in visual and auditory assault the viewer can only hope that in the theaters , with the added dimension of 3D to the soup , the film might have had some saving graces.Apparently the ` story ' goes something like this -LRB- at least in a neutral writer 's words -RRB-
 When I see people calling this movie `` great '' or any other word that 's just talking it up so much , I want to smack the person that 's saying it . The first movie in this franchise is a really good summer sci-fi/action movie . However , the second one in the series decided to focus more on having no plot at all , showing girls run in slow motion , horribly placed and distasteful humor , and having entirely too much of the human characters in the series.Well , if you were a fan of the series hoping to see the wrongs of the second movie righted , you might as well not even watch this . This movie is two hours and 45 minutes long with nothing worthy of note until well into the third act . Half of the dialogue in this movie is made up of characters saying how hot Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is . Good thing , too , because she turns in a horrible acting performance , but do n't worry ... she 's nowhere near alone . Ken Jeong , John Malkovich , and Patrick Dempsey give some of the worst performances that I have ever seen . This is hands down one of the worst experiences I 've ever had watching a movie ... I do n't know if I 've ever checked the time so much while watching one . I completely understand the `` suspension of disbelief '' involved with a sci-fi movie , but Michael Bay asks the audience to suspend their intelligence at many points in time during the film . If you like twenty minutes of mindless violence with two hours and twenty minutes of horrible plotline and absolutely no substance , then this is totally your movie . If you 're over the age of eleven , avoid it .
 very disappointing . The plot for sam was really lame , the woman they got for his fiance was the worst actress ive ever seen . pretty sure its because she is a model and doesnt know the first thing about acting . the movie was ok as an action movie but if you buy this expecting something on par with the first two movies you will be sadly disappointed .
 First of all , its boring . At the 30 minute mark I forgot what movie I was watching . And at two separate points in the film -LRB- I forget what points , in fact I seemed to lose all perspective on time -RRB- I literally went cross eyed . My right eye is still lingering in a lazy wobble at the moment . All I really do remember was rooting for Leonard Nimoy to destroy the planet and all the retarded humans that inhabit it.Things I learned from T3 - Michael Bay 's film making talents could effectively be adapted into a new kind of non-surgical lobotomy procedure for mental patients . I think I dodged the bullet on permanent catatonia due to the fact that I spent half of the movie day dreaming about more exciting things in my life ... like porn , and rearranging my sock drawer .
 The original transformers were meant to be a two sided commodity , to be so one half would be a cartoon and the other an action figure line . The cartoon , to be successful would have to be accepted by kids and their parents . To please children it contained action , cars , and a variety of characters , some silly some serious . To please parents the shows would have a passing moral and a code of conduct . In the first animated Transformers movie that code changed and Optimus Prime died.As I skimmed this movie I was treated to a world of unrealistic fantasy . There seemed to be some fun points , but overall this was a silly movie that crammed together pop icons , more story than was really useful , unbelievable relationships and situations -LRB- this is with suspension of disbelief at level 11 -RRB- and a complete lack of any moral . In fact , when the final battle came to a conclusion it was the hero of the Autobots who took it into his own hands to brutally kill his two foes . The only good thing about this ending is that those foes would be necessary for a sequel . Optimus Prime and the entire cast of characters are all very much adult , all very much amoral when it comes to the enemies they face and the enemies the Autobots face are of course very amoral themselves.So it comes down to a question of who cares . Who cares if the main human character has trouble finding a job , his girlfriend is smoking hot -LRB- but did n't she have black hair at some point ? -RRB- . Who cares if the Earth is threatened , we know it is n't going to be destroyed anyway . Who cares about the Autobots , they are friendly to humans , but they are just as violent as the Deceptocons when you get down to it . Who cares about the humans , they are a bumbling mess . Who cares about those two ity bity Autobots ? Wait , I did , I actually thought their deaths -LRB- if they did die -RRB- were quite heroic.So that is that , the stakes were low , my investment was low , and this movie , though a commercial success will surely go on the list of rarely watched movies from the teens because it truly sucks .
 Many of the reviews on here praise this movie for it 's visual prowess . Personally I think that is like praising a brain dead super model . Yeah , it looks good and the action sequences are crazy . However , it has NO semblence of a plot . The movie as a whole is incoherent , disjointed , and just generally stupid . Nothing flows , and everything from the acting to the diologue is terrible . I do n't know what the director was smoking when he inflicted this peice of shit on the world , but if you have half a brain you will find it as insufferable as I did . Do n't waste your time .
 Very disappointed with this purchase . I bought this based on product details on Amazon which listed special features and extras - a major reason for my choice . There is only the movie on bluray and DVD . Please correct item details Amazon .
 EDIT
 Much too long , excruciatingly boring and all Shia LaBeouf does is scream for over 2 hours . I made the horrible mistake of actually BUYING this movie .
 I love to see the Transformers in movies but I will never get the time back that I spent watching this movie . Good actors in a crap movie do not make a good movie . Fantastic special effects do not make a good movie . A well written story and characters that you care about make a good movie .
 I enjoyed the first Transformers immensely . It was quirky , fun and exciting . I 'd heard Dark Side of the Moon had recaptured some of that magic . And at first it mostly did . But then , like so many big budget action movies it devolved into noise , machines smashing one another one frame after another , after another , after another ... And at over 2.5 hours in length you reach a point where you stop caring . You could edit out a third of the content and it would have been a better movie .
 I had low expectations and they still were n't met . My only satisfaction is that I did n't have to pay to see it on Amazon Instant Video but I 'll never get my time back . Seriously , this movie has redefined LAME ; bad acting , bad editing , bad script . If it were n't for the two little fuzzbots , it would have been a total loss . The `` stars '' who did this film must have had a bad round of luck in Vegas and desparately needed the money . Do n't waste 2.5 hours of your life on this , especially when there is so much other less crappy stuff to watch !
 The special effects -LRB- and the fact that I am from Chicago -RRB- were the only things about this movie that I liked . The story was dumb and the acting SUCKED !! I can only recommend this for someone who has absolutely nothing else to do and does n't mind sacrificing a couple of hours .
 There are movies that make you wonder what 's going on , but they do so on purpose . In this movie , I was confused from the start and obviously not on purpose . It has no actual plot just an excuse for more graphics . Where as 1st movie had some plot , the last 2 had none . Waste of time .
 The previews of this movie were the best things about it ! The female lead 's obviously surgically altered lips were distracting and the idea of people slamming into buildings and sliding through broken glass uninjured was laughable . The transformers were awesome but how long can you watch those scenes before enough is enough . So bad , so disappointing so save your money !
 This rated as one of the worst movies that I have ever see . I found it to be a total waste of my time . Unless you are a devoted Transformers Fan that must see or have all things Transformers stay away from this movie .
 At least the other Transformers movies had Megan Fox for eye candy . Rosie-my-plastic-surgeon-went-berserk-with-the-silicone-and-that 's - why-I-have-ginormous-lips-that-don ` t-move-Huntington-Whiteley is ugly . My eyes hurt from watching her and this movie . Rented this movie only out of morbid curiosity . There , that 's all that needs to be said .
 This movie became so boring I stopped watching it after an hour and a half . I liked the first one much better .
 I did a search for 3d movies on Amazon instant video and this movie came up , but when I purchased it I was disapointed to see that it was n't 3d . I am writing this review without watching more than 5 minutes of the movie so it 's not that the movie is bad . Amazon needs to re-label their 3d movie selection .
 Blah blah , sexy girl , blah blah , fighting robots , blah blah , cliche action lines , blah blah , talking robots , blah blah blah .
 Less of a plot than the first movies . Fell asleep twice watching it , despite all the explosions ... Seems like the writers may be running out of ideas
 I gave this 2 stars only because :1 - The resolution of every single movie on there is so annoying . I hate how I 'm only using 2 quarters of my 47 inch tv because the picture is cut from top and bottom . Do n't tell me it 's the tv settings , please . The only thing that fills up the screen is the `` zoom '' mode and no comment on that .2 - The `` amazon '' app on my smart tv -LRB- vizio -RRB- is ridiculous and needs tons of work . One of the issues that you only see a few movies that you can click on . You have to go to `` search '' to find the movie that you want to watch , other than that you 'd think that they have no movies to offer at all .3 - There is no `` amazon instant video '' app for my samsung phone nor my samsung tablet . So amazon decided to provide thousands of other devices with this app -LRB- because I looked it up and saw the huge list that does n't have neither my phone nor tablet -RRB- but chose not include the samsung devices . You can only find the app on the play store but it 's `` not compatible with your device '' which made me really mad . Other than that , the picture is crystal clear and a million times better than netflix .
 I enjoyed the 1st Transformers movie for what it was . Found the 2nd to be unwatchable . This one is better than the second one but what is that saying .
 It only took me about 15 minutes . These Transformers movies keep getting more expensive and equally more ridiculous . The first one was charming and really funny , especially the first half . The humor reminded me of Armageddon . I actually liked Shia LaBeouf back then . This one tries way too hard in every aspect and fails in almost all of them . I understand these movies are not to be taken too seriously -LRB- I mean this is one step up from Power Rangers -RRB- , but this movie could 've been presented much better.The only reason I 'm not giving one star is because the special effects and action sequences were exciting at times .
 This movie was terrible . No plot , action was written by a 10 yr old Shia is beyond annoying and the actress who 's name I 'm not going to bother to look up ca n't act and was n't much to look at either .
 Dark Side of the Moon makes the first Transformers movie look like Citizen Kane . I got about halfway through this movie before I had to stop watching . The plot was utterly nonsensical . I had no sympathy for any of the characters -- the sooner Megatron kills Shia LeBoeuf the better -- in my opinion . The action scenes were so convoluted , I could n't even tell what was supposed to be happening nine times out of ten . PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE , Michael Bay , Do n't make another Transformers Movie .
 This is a disappointing film . The first two films managed to include a story with the special effects . This one did n't really bother . Mind numbing , and in a bad way .
 Lots of loud noise and quick movements . Just the kinds of things that monkeys and idiots enjoy . Please ... for the love of God , do not make another sequel . This movie really sucked !
 I think this one is worse than the second one , although I am not sure . I do n't really even remember the intricacies of the plot . Something about a space gate being setup by the decepticons , sending evil aliens to earth through the portal . This was the master plan this time . Yeah , I 'm pretty sure thats it and its in Chicago to . Also , Meagan fox is gone . Rosie Huntington-Whitley is in . Who ? Yeah , I checked . She is a Victory Secret model . Never had done any acting before ever . Surprisingly , she was not even that bad and far from the worst thing about this movie.Ok , plot you ask ? Well , Shia Labeauf is jobless living with his new girlfiend , Rosie Huntinton-whit ... -LRB- im not writing that every time -RRB- . His decepticon fighting days are in the past . Bumblebee does not even live with him anymore , although he would not be able to fit in their ultra deluxe downtown apartment . Its a good thing Rosie has that sweet job for a really rich guy who sells cars . Otherwise , they would be out on the street , but sam feels lost . He ca n't find a job and when he does , its not what he wants . `` I just wan na do something where I 'm appreciated '' , says sam . I just wan na be somebody ! `` You have to pay your dues '' , says victoria secret model . Fortunately , the hum drum life of being regular is broken . Sam is needed once again to fight the decepticons . A new control freak type lady has taken over control of the autobot operation . She dos n't respect Sam and does n't want his help . Of course , its irrelevant . We know he 's back in the game . It 's a new story this time . Probably better thought out than the last one , but its ultimately the same thing . Got ta keep those decepticons from doing bad stuff . The story is made to be much more epic and the last part of the movie is generally exciting albeit makes no sense . The Decepticons are trying to setup their portal in Chicago I think it was . Its a warzone in there . Sam goes into it with nothing . He flies on machines . Gets knocked around . Rosie is there to . So are the army dudes from the last two . Theres some excitement in sky scrapers with impossible falls and explosions . They end up back on the ground somehow from being 90 stories in the air.I found this one to be more boring than the last one which was quite unexciting . The first one felt like a real adventure . This one does not capture any of that magic .
 20 dollars and 21/2 hours I can never get back . I was disappointed by this movie I am actually embarrassed I bought it last Friday when it came out . My kids were so excited but after 2 hours even they had enough . During the scene where the building is crashing down My 9 year old asked What did Optimus Prime go on a lunch break ? Once he did show up he made short work of the bad guys . The action scenes were amazing at first but became boring and tedious real fast . Shia LeBeouf is awful , his stupid jokes always seemed to come at the most inappropriate times . John Turturro 's character may be the most stupid , intelligent character in a movie ever . No character development , no real emotion and Transformers that in many scenes never even fought back . If you have to rent it skip the first 45 minutes , but do n't buy it it 's just not worth it .
 Just got this Blu Ray and just found out there is no DTS sound unlike what the description says on Amazon . Wait for the better version !
 There is a lot of killing , smashing , crunching , exploding , punching , kicking , and even romance . The only problem with the movie is the plot . OK -- nevermind that every single autobot and 70 % of the decepticons all transform into GM vehicles . Never mind that a 19 year old kid and his girlfriend always seem to get access to top-secret information without any clearence . Of course in this movie , he 's running around with an M-16 machine gun and a grenade launcher with no military training.Megatron takes over Earth and declares himself ruler . The biggest problem is that Megatron only has enough robots to take over New York . Everyone seems to be OK with this and they send the Autobots away on a rocketship . Earth is a planet of 5 billion people -- technologically advanced and have nuclear weapons . In previous movies , you can kill a Decepticon with three shots from a grenade launcher . No one thinks to position a few battleships off the east coast and launch a couple of guided missles at them . The robots shoot bullets and missles too , y' know.No problem , the Autobots were hiding in the highly explosive rocket booster the whole time . They land safely a couple thousand miles away in the ocean , but manage to drive all the way to New York in about 30 minutes even though they ca n't transform into anything except GM cars . They swoop in to save earth . Now we have a half dozen metal heros who all know karate and can kill all the Decepticons by punching and kicking them to death . In the end , the 19 year old kid manages to shut the power off of the Cybertron portal even though Bumblebee could 've just blown-up the controls with his unlimited arsenal of missiles he has stored in his wrist . The movie starts bad and ends worse . Each sequal gets dumber and dumber every time . I just wish the plot was as advanced as the CGI effects .
 This is by far the worst of all the Transformer movies . Every scene with Shia and his blowup girlfriend is a slap in the face to modern women . After watching for thirty minutes , I realized I had wasted enough of my time and stopped the film . If I had paid for this , I would have thrown a temper tantrum until I got a full refund .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Poor Shia has to have a high paid model to make his acting look better .
 THis company advertised this as a 3D movie . When I received it it was only a Blu-ray . They told me I would have to ship it back to them to prove it . I was very upset and they are horribel to work with .
 I was n't expecting this to be a great movie , but figured it would be a fun enough way to zone out for a while . Wow was it ever worse than I thought it could be ! Full of `` clever '' one-liners , bad characters -LRB- both humans and robots ... really ? There 's an old British autobot named `` Q '' who designs fancy gadgets and weapons ? -RRB- , and action that was at times fun , but for the most part incredibly drawn out and ultimately just boring . Basically this was 2.5 hours -LRB- and it feels like 4 -RRB- of unpleasantly spent time .
 There 's so much to say about what 's dumb about this movie , but it has one thing going for it
 Well , I did n't think the series would get worse , but it did.This movie is not only bad , I would n't buy this on DVD , Blu Ray , or on bootleg.This is as bad as it gets for action movies . I will keep the first Transformers movie and forget about the others that followed .
 I know it sounds hard to believe , this movie being so loud and `` spectacular , '' but I was just so bored by the giant gizmos shooting at each other again , I fell asleep .
 The girl who replaces Megan Fox wears white the ENTIRE MOVIE , it borderlines stupidity . The movie is just garbage , I 'm not gon na waste your time telling you every bad detail , but it almost seems that several things were done just to piss Megan Fox off completely ignoring story line .
 I really enjoyed the first two live-action Transformers movie but this one ... no ! I was definitely disappointed with the casting of Sam 's new love interest . There was a lot of action but it seemed `` action for the sake of action . '' I felt that the picture `` worked too hard at being good . '' There were times I could n't tell who was autobot and who was decepticon . Some of the scenes were extremely crude and others tried my patience . So no Megatron , no Ironhide , and no Sentinel Prime . We have the one-armed Optimus and the unscaved Bumblebee . Agent Simmons was there being well ... he was there . Better luck next time , Bay .
 The nicest thing I can say about this movie is it is really bad . There 's talent to burn in the cast but they should have burned the script instead . The script is so terrible it makes `` Never Too Young To Die '' look Oscar-worthy . Rosie Huntington is like a blonded Megan Fox but without the charm or gravitas -LRB- which Ms. Fox is n't exactly awash in either so you can tell how wooden her replacement is -RRB- . The movie is actually painful to watch for teh first 2/3 but at least some of the action scenes in the final third are cool enough to make it not a total loss .
 Transformers
 Someone needs to stop Michael Bay . Seriously . This pile of festering rot is the latest in his neverending assault on one of the most popular and well-loved series from the 80s . I honestly do n't think I could have hated this movie more if Bay himself had personally kicked me in the crotch while peeing on my face as I watched it . The man is arguably a worse director than Uwe Boll , the only noticeable difference being that Bay 's films have budgets to speak of . Avoid like the plague .
 Total mind rape of a movie . This was by far the greatest let down of 2011 . I found this movie disrespectful to the true Transformer fans and see this regurgitation as a middle finger from Micheal Bay to all of us . If your a True Transformer fan stay away .
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday , and was disappointed when I got it . It said online that it was a 2-disc and I only got one disc . It was n't in it 's original packaging , and I payed as much for it as I would in a store .
 In a word - horrible . I am a HUGE fan of the first two . Watched the cartoons as a kid , and i really could n't wait to see this movie . It was horrible . Rambling , incoherent , and unfocused . I missed Megan Fox every minute that pouty , big-lipped female was talking , and fell asleep after 20 minutes .
 Like that lame Avatar release , no extras on this either . I saw it in a movie theater and this one is by far , the worst one of the three . And they want to milk it for what it 's worth ? How can you milk it , when it is a pretty bad movie ? Stay away , unless you are a true die hard fan .
 Tried Amazon 's video streaming for the first time for Transformers via the TV , but sadly it did not work . We have watched many movies from Netflix so surprised when this did not work especially after paying $ 3.99 . Looks like I need to go back to DVD rentals for new releases at the blockbuster kiosk .
 Keep this in mind when reading this review
 This DVD does not play well at all . I wish I would have purchased this elsewhere . The price for this should have been much less to equal the quality .
 I 've tried watching this movie twice now and have fallen asleep about half way through each time . The opening plot is really boring and the 3D is flat and uninteresting . Good 3D needs to have a few things flying out of the screen once in a while ... this does n't . My friends tell me the ending is pretty good but I 've never stayed conscious long enough to see it.My advise - get the new Resident Evil 3D instead - if you like stuff flying around this has it -- POW!Cheue
 A waist of time , money , and brain cells . Do not waist your time with this pointless drivel . This makes me hope they never make another attempt at a Transformers movie .
 Why did I buy this thing ? Well , I saw a preview and it was great . Make no mistakes , is a good movie if you like machines beating up humans without the humans being make into jelly.The opening was the best in the world . If they had only kept it that way ... But no . It desintegrated into pieces . The FXs were fabulous , but you ca n't make a whole movie out of that.Sorry fans . I was disappointed , but then I 'm not a kid anymore , so that 's probably the reason .
 No surprises left , and a highly predictable plot . But great action scenes and spectacular special effects . Tires hard to reinvigorate the first episode , but lacks the suspense and drama . My 8 years olds got a kick out of it . I got bored .
 I have been a Transformer fan since the 80s , so that part will stick with me . This movie felt like it may have been rushed and not thought through . Like the writer was n't creative , like he was in the first two movies . Almost as if he lost his `` Mojo '' if you will ... I felt whatever problems Megan Fox and the Director had , should have been placed aside and she should have been in this movie . If at all else maybe Sam should n't of had a girlfriend at all . I thought the actress in this movie did ok , but should not have been added to replace Megan Fox.I noticed how they did n't even mention `` Makayla '' in this film . I suppose then they would n't have to compensate her for anything.Some of the scenes left you thinking is it done yet or really , this is so fake ... Please , I hope this will finish it up or if you would make another one bring back Megan Fox and have the other girl be a Decepticon with Sam and Makayla getting back together ... That would fix all , Oh and bring back Iron Hide!Gotta love the movies and what they make you think about , `` Now how would I end that story '' ... If nothing else , rent the movie before you buy it , then you will know what your getting !
 Paramount has soared to new heights of `` vulture-ness , '' patiently sitting on a branch for the last sap to buy this on Blu-ray before conveniently swooping in on said saps with the 3-D release . -LRB- Ca n't remember if Thor hit theaters as a 3-D movie , but I think it did , and Paramount is using the same release strategy there . -RRB- Please resist this strategy fellow would-be saps . The movie is a solid 3 -LRB- couple of weak plot lines -RRB- ... the release strategy gets it rated a weak 1 !!
 I 'm glad I rented this one first , because image quality was horrible . I popped the disc in my PC to take a look , and discovered the movie was only 2.8 GB . What was Paramount thinking ? A DVD can hold 8 + GB . The more space that 's used , the higher the bitrate . A low bitrate results in poor image quality . So , what we get is a DVD that 's nearly empty , and a highly compressed mess of a movie . Thanks for nothing , Hollywood .
 Absolutely rubbish . Would not feed this film to a dog . Simply not good by any measure . You really ought to find something else to do with your time . Sure wish I did .
 This review does not reflect anything about the movie . I pre-ordered this item Sept 22,2011 thinking I was going to get it as soon as it was released . Guess what ? It 's Oct 3rd and and I 'm still waiting . Will update review as soon as get the movie . Update
 I really do n't think I would buy the blu ray dvd movie , but when I saw it at an IMAC theater in 3-D , it was increadable . That 's the only way to see this movie . Without the 3-D effects , it 's not that great .
 This pisses me off , what a burn ! I knew this came out in theaters in 3D . You find in the case a coupon for the 3D version coming out `` Soon ! '' Bite me Paramount . I 'm taking this back for my money . Keep the coupon . What am I suppose to do with this combo after I buy the next ? You and Peter Jackson must share the same marketing people .
 I am not a professional movie critic , but I love movies . This was a poorly written movie and that 's why I gave it two stars . The focus for this movie was clearly to make money utilizing graphics and taking advantage of a strong fan base . After watching it , I understand why Megan Fox turned down the opportunity to be in it . I would give you examples from the movies as to why it was so horrible , but let 's just say it was that forgettable .
 Well the critics got this one right ; Michael Bay was a good director until he got big and lost his perspective . Dirty old man syndrome ? Yes , what a joke . I was looking forward to intelligent Sci-Fi and got crap . The reference to Obama in an unreal world was stupid -LRB- I came to get away from real world politics -RRB- . The treatment of the woman in the movie was degrading -LRB- glad the other actress bowed out ... what a tear down -RCB- . It was a shame that the very good actors that came back to do this film had to deal with a totally self-involved director . The animation was excellent but the story was trash . I am soo sorry I spent any money on this film .
 Wait for Black Friday or the 3D version to be released , it gon na be like LOTR Bluray all over again.First version Theatrical version -LRB- normal length -RRB- Second Version Extended Cut
 No way , sorry , and I am not a negative nanny , this was just bad from start to -LRB- long -RRB- finish . It just overly cranks everything up , that 's about it , the usual pushing the limits , raising the bar , take it to the next level , do n't you get tired of these sayings , same for the movie . It keeps things going with over dramatized lame acting , a vague storyline with very little interesting , and hard to follow even if there is something there to follow , even my wife said `` that does not make sense '' `` so much is not believable , even stupid '' -LRB- my wife never talks like that -RRB- , and so much busy , loud and fast special effects action to keep your brain overloaded/confused so it can not tell these many downfalls . And no one will believe the gorgeous lady opposite would be at all interested in the sissy screaming , bumbling , bozo hero lead Witless Wickie , come on ! To add conflict , or filler to the movie we need an annoying type to mess things up and give us someone to hate , I know lets pick on a politician type , we all love to hate them , but we did that the last time with a man , so , let 's do a woman this time , wow , brilliant ! Seriously wonder if anyone will ever have anything to quote or recall to a friend from this movie -LRB- like Avatar , other than unobtainium ; that 's its , whoopee ! -RRB- , like a good move does . The robot fights -LRB- taking it to the next level -RRB- now has a level of gore to it , a bit horrific , why ? Leonard Nimoy voice is too well known from Star Trek -LRB- and many other appearances -RRB- and with just coming back in the last Star Trek of 2009 , he can not be something else , just too weird , messes it up big time ! The only thing enjoyable , fun or interesting , the -LRB- now -RRB- 2 little pet robots -LRB- where did the second one come from ? no idea , my point with the movie all through it , rambles meaninglessly -RRB- , they are funny and the only believable heroes in it -LRB- other than their sort-of cut short swear words when they commandeer a space ship , but decency and any level of good practice or censorship left years ago -RRB- ! And I ca n't believe I am saying it , but John Turturro as the super secret government agency nerd its actually better than the rest of the characters in the movie . Oh yea , and the disc is a movie , nothing else , but I could not tolerate anymore punishment !
 Booooo!Don ' t buy it because no special features are available but there will by by years end , so another clever studio scheme capitolizing on consumers ! Yes , they probably factored per 1 million copies sold - 10 - 60 % will double dip generating a flow revenue for the impatient and believe me 90 % of americans are IMPATIENT , so they know they have the rabbit by it 's tail ! Do n't take the blue or red pill on this one !!! No rabbit holes running deep here , just peoples pockets that are succorred into buying the bare-boned Optimus ... I hope this truly helps you out , seriously . .
 Concerning BLU-RAY customers ... DO NOT BUY THIS RELEASE . Warner Bros. have once again , screwed the fans/customers over ... because they WILL release this in Blu-Ray 3D ... . just like all their other past , and future , releases which had 3D Theatrical Releases ... . but they 'll wait until they feel enough non-3D versions have been sold -LRB- usually 3 to 6 months -RRB- , before releasing a FULL/TRUE release of this movie . -- THIS IS A PRODUCT REVIEW ... NOT A MOVIE REVIEW -- They 've done this already with several other titles ... and more are coming ... like Harry Potter 's finale for example ... and there seems to be no end in sight to this nonsense ... . so send them a message , and do not buy this INFERIOR release . Whether you already have 3D capability or not ... it 's just smarter business/financial sense , to buy the complete 3D COMBO-Pack when it 's released ... not only because it will only cost $ 2 - $ 5 more than THIS release ... but because it will LIKELY include a `` Special 2-Disc -LRB- blu-ray -RRB- Edition '' , as they did with the previous 2 Transformers movies/releases -LRB- the 2nd disc being all or mostly all , HD bonus features , etc. -RRB- . === This release not only does NOT contain 2 blu-ray discs -LRB- which means less special features & / or LESS HD QUALITY available if they tried to cram a lot of features onto just 1 disc , leaving less room for the highest possible quality-transfer of the movie -RRB- ... but again , they do n't even include the 3D version ... . and if you think for one second , that they spent all that money churning out a 3D Theatrical Release , only to NOT release it in blu-ray 3D ... well , you 're a fool ... and you should go ahead & buy THIS blu-ray/dvd combo-pack release , and stop reading.I 've rented this release from Netflix -- it arrives tomorrow -- I will rip it & hold on to my rip , until WB takes it 's thumb out of it 's collective behind , and releases this properly ... just as I 've done w / all the other titles they 've done this to . ___ Keep it up W.B. , and I will stop seeing them in the Theater as well !
 I ca n't believe Hasbro alowed Micheal Bay to butcher this franchise on the big screen ! Okay the first one was okay , the second one was pure imature garbage , and Dark of the Moon was meh ... . I will say though there are some G1 nods , but not enough , for crying out loud they did a horrible job on Soundwave , and Shockwave , and why did they make Bumblebee such a crazy warrior , for goodness sakes in the G1 series he was a Recon Transformer , not a fighter , because he would always get he 's butt kicked ! And Starscream getting killed by Sam , really Bay ? And of course the human are flat out stupid , crude , cartoonie , and just add to stupidity of the trilogy ! And Megatron is crap in this , they make him look like a sad lost puppy in ROTF , and DOTM , and Alpha Trion -LRB- excuse me SENTINEL PRIME -RRB- was never on the Ark ! And Alpha Trion was never a Prime ! They should rename this trilogy , BayFormers !
 And these masters are Michael Bay and his computers !!! And we have no one but ourselves to blame !!! This movie is like a 2.5 hours car crash . When you think it ca n't get any worse - it does.It would deserve 2 stars if it did n't have any human actors . But Michael Bay is actually controlled by his computers , and they made him put these humans in this movie to make us suffer even more !!! This is all I have to say . Transformers IV is coming soon to the theaters near you . Preorder your tickets now !!!
 What 's a lot
 Some really nice animation and some segments that held my interest for minutes at a time , but mostly disjointed and tiresome . The talented cast improves the quality of the film , but not a lot .
 2 big complaints :1 . great start with the archive video of the moon race , including references to NASA , Sputnik , and the Soviet moon probes . No story to follow .2 . Dumb girl , `` eek ! '' Really beautiful , but never physically confronts these huge machines . Hey , the guys are just as unmatched as she . She is shown at the start at resourceful & smart . Give her something ! Her only power was in gossiping to the bad bots to play mind games.One small complaint : The little boy in me would love to see the transformers build into some mega bot , like Power Rangers do , or to use some junk around them to add to their arsenal .
 Painful to watch . Hopefully , this will be the last Transformers feature , with future funding going towards far more worthwhile projects .
 I recorded this movie from freebie I got from dishNetwork and wow what a let down , Acting has really takening a nose drive on this one . Way to many actors in it many of them were flat out goofy and love interest has way to much collagen in her lips makes her look like she has a hockey puck in them and she came across as blond bimbo . Dialogs , talking was to fast and hard to follow way to much mumbling and confusion going on . Makes me glad I did not shell out some cash for see this dog . Hasbro should be ashamed to have their name link to it . Lastly hang on to your money you will find it at here or at some other Online store for less than price of a movie ticket .
 I have to say that I expected this one to be kind of good . But whatever . The visuals were absolutely awesome , that is a given . But overall , I just felt disappointed . The thing is , for a franchise that is ostensibly based on toy robots that turn into and from vehicles , Transformer has a great deal of serious dramatic potential . There are great characters to work with , and interesting philosophical questions to ponder . It was not that I thought that the plot of Dark of the Moon was not any good ; it was just rushed , blitzed and obscured by the writing -LRB- oh , dialog -RRB- , editing , and directing style . The one scene that I LOVED was when the Autobots were standing on the launching pad at Cape Canaveral in the sunlight , dwarfed by the starship towering above them . It was a quiet , slow , and sadly , emotionally poignant moment . They do not need rapid-fire , sensory overload battle sequences to be compelling characters . I wish that there had been more moments like that . So anyway , I guess that I was hoping for something different . Was this better than Revenge of the Fallen ? I am not sure ... I did find myself missing Megan Fox . But Josh Duhamel is always great in his role .
 Where do I begin ? As a kid growing up in the ' 80 's I loved all the great cartoons -LRB- G.I. Joe , Transformers , Thundercats , etc -RRB- so when I heard there would be a live-action Transformers film in 2007 I was totally cought up in the hype . Still , I knew all about Michael Bay 's style of directing from his previous films -LRB- The Rock , Pearl Harbor , The Island -RRB- . He shoots WAY TOO FAST , he makes sure the dialogue is spewed out so that no one can understand half of it , and he always makes sure the action scenes are so sloppy that no one can see whats happening.When I saw the first Transformers movie on opening day I expected that it would be like any previous Michael Bay film
 The special effects are what you expect from the Transformers series , but the story line also is unfortunately what you expect . It 's just more of the same disjumbled events getting thrown together . Some parts of the movie flow well , and others are just plain ridiculous . It 's past time the writers & director for this series either move on or grow up and quit turning every scene into some kind of teenage behavioral prank . They 've done the bumbling parents , the stuttering idiot Witwicky kid , the jive talking robots , and the goofball super secret ex-agent to death already . How about having grown adults who are fighting for the planet 's survival actually act like it ?
 By most accounts , the Michael Bay-directed Transformers films to date are not very good , but that has n't stopped them from making gobs and gobs of cash , and this third installment , Dark of the Moon , made the most of them all . This time around , Sam Witwicky and the Autobots must race to recover and protect an ancient Autobot ancestor who crash landed on the moon , but the Decepticons interfere , and things are n't exactly as they seem . I found Dark of the Moon to be an improvement over the second installment , with some impressive special effects work and action sequences , but the film as a whole leaves a lot to be desired . Do n't expect to find much more to the movie than `` Ooh , big robots and explosions ! '' But hey , for some , that 's really all you need .
 I am glad I watched someone else 's movie before I spent money on this lousy thing . I will always be on my do not buy list . Rose what 's her name is not worth seeing in the movie . It would have been better without her all together . And she did n't hold a candle to Megan Fox . I did like the FIRST TWO movies but this one is a total waste . Boring from the word go other than some things about Kennedy and the early space program . It would have been better as a cartoon . If they come out with another one , I will not be spending any money on it . This one was so boring during the middle of it I about fell asleep.I would not waste the money on it , just borrow someone else 's movie and save your money for a good movie.Oh and I might give it a 2.5 / 10 but since this is on a 5 scale it only gets a 1 and I would have given the other 2 movies a 4/5 .
 As usual in this series , the writing was a joke . The effects were spectacular , but I winced several times at the cheesy dialogue and woeful exposition . The animated move from the 80 's is a much better story . I 'd heard that this installment was much better than the first two , but I was just as dissapointed . I also thought we might have less women walking around looking like expensive call girls with Megan Fox 's exit , but there was even more gratuitous butt and boob exposure than in the others . I should have known better than to waste my 4 dollars and 2 and a half hours . Do n't let your kids watch this !
 I wanted to like this movie but there were too many problems . I will say the action and CGI are top-notch , but it does take a while to get around to it and the final battle in particular goes so on so long you just want it to stop . The plot is somewhat clever and there 's a good twist or two gien the premise of a robot smash-em-up flick , but that fact is trumped by other factors.The movie 's biggest problem is that it tries to be more of a comedy than anything else , which does not work if 30 seconds prior to a joke you 're filming people being literally obliterated by Decepticons . There 's no fine-line being walked by Michael Bay there . Too much time is also wasted on Sam 's relationship with his girlfriend who you wish would just stop talking and be the window dressing she 's supposed to be . That said , the development of other characters is almost completely absent , whether we 're talking about humans or transformers . This could have been a decent movie , but thanks to Bay 's bombastic tendencies while trying to play cutesy , it actually winds up underwhelming us .
 The movie would n't play steadily . I had to watch this on Netflix later.An error kept popping up saying my internet connection was n't fast enough to play the movie.My internet connection was fine . I had watched movies before and after , and when I checked online with Amazon 's customer service page , I more than all the minimum requirements.This is the first time I 've had problems streaming with Amazon , but it was awful . Every 10-15 , the movie would stop and pop up the error message . I tried restarting the app , restarting my PS3 , and no luck .
 Not recommended for children and not even teenagers.Poor story.Nothing new or interesting.I was expecting something better.Dissapointed .
 Being a big Sci-fi guy and a big Transformers fan -LRB- well , when I was kid in the 80 's -RRB- - you 'd think I would have loved these movies . Wrong . The truth is they suck . The first one was ... okay , the second horrid and this , the third in the trilogy is a grand failure . Yes , the effects and battles are stunning , no issues there , but if that is all a movie is - is just effects and battles then what do we have ? Michael Bay is known for his big budget stunners but this movie , though visually stunning was just boring.I love how they tied in the Space Race of the 60 's to the Transformer Mythology and I thought `` okay , good premise '' but after a half hour it just grew gruesomely tiresome . The parents make a couple of quick scenes , adding nothing but a comedic release , the new girl - whatever her name is , looks more fake and plastic -LRB- and acts that way too -RRB- than Megan Fox.The movie was too much to absorb - the effects were hard to take in - which shows the level of detail given to them . Again , they are stunning but that 's all there is . The acting is horrendous , the intros of past characters a waste , the sub-plots went nowhere - the movie did n't hold my attention.I love effects based movies - really . I remember when `` Independence Day '' came out in '96 - back then that was a big deal but it had heart and humor . Even `` Armageddon '' - one of Bay 's other movies from '98 had more heart and development than this . If you 're a total geek -LRB- or 12 -RRB- you 'll love this - if you have any taste , rent it and watch it once . Not worth the time or money to buy it . Utter rubbish ...
 Man , I wanted to like this movie . I 'm a big sci-fi fan . I do not think revenge of the fallen was as bad as people say it was , I even enjoyed the first transformers , but this . Oh-my-gosh . What a piece of garbage . I rate this down there with Avatar -LRB- the movie version of the nickelodeon cartoon , also a fan , huge let down -RRB- . I am very forgiving of sci fi movies as I do not expect much in the way of plot/story line . I am a big fan of cool special effects , but this was so corny , cliche and chock full of redone and rewritten old jokes and plagarized scenes , that even I could not take this . I am becoming angry even now , while writing this .20 $ for this piece of copro-cinematic excrement is $ 19.50 too much !!!!
 First , the movie has incredible special effects , but the script and acting are horrible . However , the real problem with this package is that the disc does not have any special features !
 I never thought I would get bored of watching giant robots fight one another , but I did.I had ready plenty of reviews that said this was the best Transformers movie ever or at least that it was better then the last one . Frankly , I am not sure what is different in this one that than the last one -LRB- 2nd -RRB- . I will state
 The weakest link of the Transformer trilogy ; The first two were decent films , how did this one end up so bad ? I barely made it through the theatrical viewing , I couldnt imagine buying it and watching it again .
 Where to start ... Well , firstly , why a national/world hero , who received a presidential medal , would be begging for a job ? Anyone would hire him , if not for his skills , but in the very least , for publicity . John Malkovich 's character was completely pointless and a waste of screen space -LRB- nothing against the actual actor , but he was poorly placed -RRB- , ex
 Horrible film that should be avoided by all , exept maybe 10-14yr old boys . This film is actually worse than the second installation in the Transformers trilogy . I 'm a fan of the first Transformers film & also the 1980 's cartoon along with sci-fi films in general , but even for me & my easy-going taste in films , these two sequels are absolute pieces of rubbish.The Blu ray quality is fine though , crisp visuals with a strong TrueHD track , unlike the first film 's release on Blu ray .
 You know how people say `` There 's bad , there 's worse , and then there 's so-so '' ? Well , there 's bad , there 's worse , and then there 's Transformers
 Oh please ... this movie does n't tell a story so much as show off special effects and replay platitudes . Should 've left well-enough alnoe instead of making this far-too-long sequel .
 Excellent CGI , awesome special effects , great machinery and sci-fi feel . Awesome robot-to-robot combat . Nice historical footage work.Overall , terrible movie , due to inconsistencies , deus ex machina , plot holes all over the place , random things happening that have nothing to do with anything . This is really a `` B '' movie , like those B-movies that Mystery Science Theater 3000 rips on.The plot is so thin an ant fart would rip it to shreds . Unfortunately , no ants farted at any point while I was watching two and a half hours of my life wander away from me in confusion.Most entertaining human character
 I gave it one star because the website does n't allow it to go any lower , and , for all the effort put in by the computer animation team . Other than that , this movie should be negative 1 star.The plot and sequences does not make any sense what so ever . To list a few ; teleporting another planet into earth 's atmosphere ? Really ? Optimus prime getting trapped in a bunch of cables for 20mins of the movie ? High tech alien robotic race ends up fighting with shields , swords , and axes?There 's literally some plot hole or something that does not make sense every 5minutes of the movie , throughout the ENTIRE thing . If you thought the second movie was ridiculous , wait until you see this.The only reason to watch this movie is if you want to leave your brain dead for 2hours and watching flashy robots transform and fire rockets at random things . Besides that , please do yourself a favor and do something more productive with the extra 2 hours of your life .
 The plot was terrible . The acting was terrible . The effects were as good as the other ones . If you want to see pure action without any story , then enjoy . Otherwise ... it was a complete waste of time .
 I am only writing this spoiler-alert review because most people have already seen this movie : This time Michael Bay pushed science fiction beyond the limits of credibility , and that 's where he lost me.I can see alien robots flying all over the place and destroying everything in their path , but THAT GIRL WITH THAT GUY WHO HAS NO JOB , AND NOT CHEATING ON HIM WITH HER ALPHA-MALE BILLIONAIRE BOSS ? - ABSOLUTELY NO WAY !!! Now , to Michael Bay 's credit
 Bought this after the Digital Copy expiration date had elapsed . Nothing on the Amazon site indicates the expiration date . The package has this warning on both the outside and inside . Amazon offered a full refund . That 's a stand up company in my opinion .
 I specifically got this version of the movie for my husband so he could have the movie on his iphone . The code expired in September and they are still selling it to people as dvd + blu-ray + digital copy . But you can not get the digital copy because of the expired code . If you wanted the file for itunes like we did , DO NOT BUY !!!
 You know Michael Bay has made some powerful emotional films -LRB- The Rock , Armageddon , The Island -RRB- where he really developed his characters & made you care about them , the same was true for the first `` Transformers '' movie , but when it comes to sequels this guy throws all that out the window , as one reviewer said ... `` he used to be a good director '' ... this one like the second film is nothing but one big CGI fest , whereas the first film had the right balance , the second & this third film is an assault on the senses , Shia LaBouf & Josh Dushammel look bored , Megan Fox 's replacement was too superficial to me , like she had come from the Playboy mansion , nothing wrong with her , but Fox seemed more like a real person , John Turtorro who was a blast in the first film is just collecting a paycheck , & Patrick Dempsey & John Malkovich were just embarassing themselves here , I never walk out before a film is over , but did on this in it 's last 10 minutes , I just could n't take the machines endless fights & destruction of Chicago any longer , I mean it just went on & on , I felt like I was watching a video game , the building sequence was about the only cool thing about this whole movie & even then you have to suspend belief a bit , not to mention the bad attempts at humor with the co-worker or the parents , I got to a point where I did n't care who lived or died , yes Michael Bay was a good director past tense !!
 This was suppose to be such a great movie and it fell very short of all the expectations I had . I have been a huge fan of transformers since they came out in the early 80 's . It 's sad to think this could be the end of them on the big screen . I hope they redeem themselves by doing a 4th installment . Bring in Hot Rod and Ultra Magnus from the original series . I for one hope they do n't end on such a poor film . I was very disappointed ! As hard as that is to say . It was really bad .
 I 'll make this nice and simple
 *** Warning , potential spoilers ahead , read at your own risk . Some events intentionally discussed in different order than they really occurred *** Whatever you do , do n't be deceived by all the glowing reviews here . After sitting through this movie and seeing for myself , I can easily say that it 's the worst by far in the series . The plot has holes big enough to hide Cybertron -LRB- i.e. how did Megatron come back to life again , and end up in the middle of Africa ? -RRB- . The acting is equally forced and without any dramatic effect -LRB- why in God 's name do they keep insisting on pushing Sam 's lame parents into the story ?! -RRB- And why could n't Sam have finally found a real woman with an actual brain to be his girlfriend ? Rosie is even more lifeless than Megan Fox on screen and is obviously little more than eye candy since even her few dialogue scenes are shot from behind to highlight the backside that is her only real asset.Did I mention this is also the longest Transformers movie -LRB- 152 minutes ?! -RRB- ? That really shocks me - especially when nothing really important even happens during the entire first half of the film . I found myself checking my watch several times throughout , and that is never a good sign when watching a movie . They start by showing the back-story involving the manned space missions to the moon , but after that it just stalls for at least 45 minutes as it flails around trying to fill in the last few years of Sam 's life -LRB- oh , he 's ended up with another bimbo , big surprise ; gee , nothing says `` exciting action movie '' like a half hour of Sam sitting around pushing paper in an office cubicle -RRB- . If they had at least given Sam somebody actually worth saving , the movie might have had some actual drama to it . Even in the eventual cliche `` lovers reunite and run towards each other to embrace '' scene , Rosie stops after only a couple awkward steps and makes Sam run the entire distance to her -LRB- wow , really great job capturing the drama there , Bay -RRB- . Even Shia has this weird `` was she really even worth it '' expression on his face during their embrace -LRB- you can tell throughout the entire movie that Shia had to force himself to work with her -RRB- . Then , after an eternity -LRB- probably close to an hour in -RRB- , the film finally gets back to the Autobots trying to reach the moon before the Decepticons in order to protect whatever it is that 's there . I 'm still not sure how they never detected the energy signature on the moon two movies ago when they were first flying towards Earth but , hey , it is what it is.Then , inexplicably -LRB- it 's almost like Bay just ran checked his watch and said `` okay , we filled 2.5 hours , let 's quit '' -RRB- , the movie decides to go on fast-forward and end after yet another super quick -LRB- read , one hit -RRB- battle between Optimus and Megatron in which Megatron 's head is dismembered . Literally , after Optimus wins and utters a stupid one-liner about never forsaking humans , the credits roll . Wait , is n't this supposed to be a grand finale to the series ? And the utlimate climactic sequence took only two minutes and there was no real conclusion whatsoever ? Just another mailed-in money grab that puts a once promising franchise out of its misery at a new low . In fact , the best part was actually the Captain America trailer that showed before it started .
 I liked and enjoyed the effects but that 's about everything entertaining about this movie . The quality -LRB- blue ray on ps3 -RRB- is pretty bad ass.Story line is very mediocre and no depth at all . The acting was sad at times.And most importantly I missed Megan Fox , someting just was n't right with the new big upper lip girl . Maybe with Megan it would have been a better movie ? Guess we will never know .
 They need to get a new director and new script writer . . They just keep getting worse and worse . . Get rid of the Witwicky 's . . It was funny the 1st time , now everything is just drawn out . . I never saw it in the theater and just bought it on blu ray . . I 'm regretting it . . I do n't understand why they do n't use the original voice for Megatron . . I wo n't watch another one . . They should add the Dinobots , and make Devastater like in the cartoons ,5 robots merged into a giant one , not a cross between a cement mixer and garbage compactor . . Cmon , what a shame . . It could be so great if someone actually cared about it .
 I ca n't see how anybody who grew up watching the 80 's cartoon could like this . Regardless , grading this movie on it 's own , it did have a very cool premise . But its execution was painful to sit through . For starters , it focuses on Shia LaBeouf 's character way too much . Why do we care about him having job interviews and what his parents think ? Did that have to be the focus of half the movie?Beyond that , I wanted to watch this movie with my kids , and there was multiple unnecessary swear words throughout . I 'm not being a prude here , it was gratuitous use of `` holy s h * t '' and stuff like that . It 's one thing if it 's necessary for some intense scene , but this was just casual tossing around of swear words . Hey Optimus Prime , how the beep you doing , what a beeping nice day is n't it?As for the transformers themselves , Sentinal Prime , who is activated after -LRB- thousands of -RRB- years of sleep after crash landing on the moon , wakes up , and is immediately barked orders at and questioned by this human intelligence leader . Instead of his first response being `` who are you , where am I , what 's going on here ? '' he simply very casually answers her like `` yeah well the reason is blah blah blah '' . It made no sense.As a side note , this summer they 're already re-booting other franchises like Batman and Spiderman , can we please fire all the writers/directors for the last 3 transformers movies and start again please !?
 3D is all about pop outs gimmicks which is all missing here there is depth but average not that great . The movie & audio both are great but everybody was anticipating one of the best 3d blurays which is not the case . There are many other movies like Resident evil Final destination 4 & 5 and many others which have awesome 3d effects . If you have already bought the 2d version do not regret .
 Transformers the Movie -LRB- 1985 -RRB- was awesome . But these Transformers look like a pile of garbage throw together . The CGI animation makes everything look like synthetic barf . The Transformers movies need a reboot , where the characters actually look like they are supposed to . And without the worlds worst director Michael Bay . Disgusting . Do n't let your kids watch this atrocity .
 If you watch trasformer 1 , do n't spend your time to watch this , even it is free . I consider this movie is just below the episode 2 and the 2 below 1 . And nothing is new .
 I went to see this with the hope of getting Revenge of the Fallen 's bad taste out of my mouth.Fission MailedWhere to begin ? The plot , while being nowhere near as `` immature '' as ROTF , still suffered from being clogged with too much filler and not making much sense . It 's an overlong mess with the CGI eye candy being the only redeeming factor of this film . It 's clear that Bay knows how to make a big budget action film with explosions aplenty , but he can not write a decent script for these movies to save his life . It 's not his fort&eacute; and has n't been since The Rock . The movie peaks with a huge , final battle in Chicago that is nuts , but you will just be wanting it to be over with by the time it finally takes place . The 3D is well used in spots , but that can not make up for the fact that almost everything in it is just a letdown . Do not buy unless you really want to complete your collection .
 I did n't think Michael Bay could make a Transformers movie worse than Revenge of the Fallen.How I sat through this horrid mess called Dark of the Moon , I 'll never understand . I think it may have been a case of brain rot . Or perhaps that is what I suffer from after sitting through this pathetic excuse for perverted boys.Bay shows us that , with the final of his Transformers films , he really could care less for people who enjoyed the first movie . Everything about this last one spat in its face.Add to that Leonard Nemoy adding his voice to a new transformer -LRB- quoting his oft-repeated line from Star Trek -RRB- , a worthless acting performance by a Victoria Secrets model and you will have the essential Bay puke-fest . You do n't go see these movies for the story , I get that . But man - please give me something more than adolescent lusting and jokes.This movie should have been a direct-to-DVD . The 3D that Bay initially hated , but then joyously embraced adds nothing to the experience . A James Cameron he is not . Not even close.Pity me for watching this trash . Pity my brain .
 About the only thing that I agree with what I 've heard about this movie is that it 's the best Transformers movie of the trilogy . In my opinion it just sucked a little less than the first and a lot less than the second . The film follows Bay 's classic formula for all his movies . People walking in slow motion , check . Incredibly sexy women running in spiked heels , check . Using black men for comic relief , check . Steady streams of explosions and incredible stunts , check . Shots of the military that could easily be put into any promotional material for the armed forces , check . Painfully cheesy dialog and sad attempts at humor . `` Dramatic '' scenes that are only dramatic because of the orchestral score of sad violins , check . Bottom line is that the movie is two hours too long . It 's boring , really boring , with uninteresting characters , bad writing , and a paper thin plot . Just fast forward till you see an explosion or robots fighting and watch those parts . Should only take you half an hour . Better yet , do n't buy or rent this movie so they will give the Transformers license that can actually direct .
 The first transformers movie will always be the best one , and its just ok . The movies too long jumping back and forth , very poorly constructed .
 Same as all the other recent transformers movies , dull and bland , completely emotionless . The story lacks excitement , and only the occasionally good special effects made me sit through it .
 I bought this during a Black Friday sale ; the digital copy was significant part of my purchasing decision . Inexcusably , the digital copy code expired before this product was sold . At a minimum , this should have been disclosed in the product description .
 The DVD is not playable since 1 hour 30 minutes , then the picture becomes stopping and going and keeps that way .
 Annoying when you buy a movie mostly because of the digital copy and it has expired months before.This is a major DISAPPOINTMENT !!
 No special features at all , on either disc , just the movie . Not at all what I expected from a Blu Ray/DVD combo pack .
 Michael Bay movies are meant to be action packed fun cheesy goodness . Which this is . The reason I 'm giving this a bad review is because Amazon Instant Prime has edited out parts !! It 's a PG13 movie !!!!!! It does n't need edits ! Considering how much we pay a year for Prime , I expect to be able to watch the full movie .
 Poorly acted , written and plotted . Sci-fi and action movies are my thing but I could n't get through this one as it seemed like all involved just `` phoned it in '' . Worst movie I 've seen in a long time .
 Two dimensional characters , dropped plot-points , flat dialogue , bad acting and an overall story that makes a 1962 comic book look Shakespearean . Michael Bay you ruin everything you touch . And I 'm worse for having seen this .
 The story is so boring . I still have not finished yet after three nights watching
 My daughter and her friend gave this film a big thumbs down : `` We hated it . We were bored out my minds , and could n't understand the story line at all . The acting was moderate . The only good thing about this movie was that it made us super hungry , since it was 3 hours long ! ... . At least smear a little spot of dirt on `` angel 's '' face by the end . '' `` So basically , do n't watch it . '' `` Sorry , people . We are very frustrated right now . ''
 Pros
 I wo n't say that this movie does n't have its moments , just that they are few and far between . And you know those horrible , horrible memories everyone grows up with , the kind that scream `` embarrassment '' at high volume when , a few years later , you are reminded of the fact that yes , you were stupid enough to say that in front of those people ? This movie is chocked full of those moments .
 Most of the time you ca n't tell what you 're looking at , everything is so dark and gritty . There are explosions all the time , but I 'm not sure why , as nothing seems to get damaged . The Transformers are garbage . Once again , new ones are introduced with no particular reason why I should care , and the movie is quite cavalier about killing fan favorites . The plot is thin -LRB- and ridiculous -RRB- and has huge plot holes . Bad guys are bad , but the good guys are n't particularly good anymore , as there are a ton of casualties that nobody seems to care about.This movie evoked nothing but a hatred of Michael Bay .
 The plot/storyline was not cohesive . The movie is way too long with the characters not really coming to life . Making a movie longer is not making a movie better . In fact , if the movie is weak , making it longer just makes the point even more -LRB- painfully -RRB- obvious.I kept watching the movie to see if it would improve but unfortunately that was not the case.Maybe DreamWorks will just move on to another project.Save your money if you intend to buy . Better rent and save the rest for a better movie .
 I 'm a huge Sci-Fi fan I 'll watch almost anything once . This is one of those one watch movies . A huge disappointment and not enjoyable at all . The first half of the movie is spent trying to make you lust after Huntington-Whiteley . She is so one dimensional that she 's impossible to like , let alone think she 's appealing . There was zero chemistry between Huntington-Whiteley and LaBeouf . They wasted half the film trying to show how LaBeouf could be the worst bumbler of all time and how everyone knew it . Somebody in the studio obviously does n't understand the Sci-Fi audience .
 I bought a 3D TV only to find out that the selection of 3D Blu-rays absolutely sucks . Half of them are kids movies but the 3D warning says kids are n't supposed to watch 3D movies . No wonder so many people think 3D is a gimmick.The only great things about 3D so far , are some of the PS3 games.my fav right now is God Of War
 Please for the love of God , do n't spend more than $ 1 renting this shlock from Redbox . We must , as good people , take away Michael Bay 's monetary motivation for creating loud , unnecesary , incoherent , chaotic and useless trash . The first Transformers movie was great ... witty , funny , character-driven and exciting . Then , taking a lesson from his shlock-meister mentor , Jerry Bruckheimer , Michael Bay made the next two Transformers sequels in the manner of a spoiled child with WAY too much money , with a shiny new train set , smashing it all together repeatedly knowing mommy and daddy will simply buy him more . No soul . No humor . No brains . Just a mind-numbing and whirling mish-mash of metal carnage with bigger and bigger explosions . It actually hurts the eyes . You find yourself having to close your eyes to avoid a headache .
 Transformers 3 is seriously a terrible terrible movie . yeah wow cool , special effects that i have seen time and time again , ridiculously long battle scenes that are so incredibly boring they literally make me fall asleep EVERY time i watch them , Terrible story , terrible plot , terrible rendition of classic characters . Why I even gave this movie a third chance is beyond me .
 This movie is an action pack for the year , but the chapter transitions on this DVD BluRay version are not smooth with blank screens . Several features and clips were missing from the Theatre version . You would regret to have bought this version and should wait to get the later version with all the available added features .
 the title of the disk pack is totally wrong.It should be Blue Ray + DVD and digital copy available for DLa 210gb download to get the digital copy instead of including it , to me is lame.you enter a very long url , then input the code and start the download managerafter it is finished you have to enter the long url again when you try to play the movie , and get a error 404 website not foundI can get to any other web site I enter , but not to the Transformers site so now the digital copy will not play because the site can not be accessed.Paramount should take lessons from Fox on how to include the digital copy
 I ` ll make it short and come to the point quickly
 Where to begin ? The movie sucks . The plot is stupid . The one star is for the CGI work that was put into this movie . Shia Labeouf with his very limited acting , plays the same character in basically every movie he makes including this one . The plot was ridiculous with awkward , lame attempts at comedy throughout the movie and I just did n't care what happened to any of the characters . Very weak story telling . It 's a lot of boom , crash , explosions , wrapped around a stupid story line that requires you to leave your brain at the door . And if that does n't make you want to run out screaming from this movie , maybe having to look at that perpetual duckfaced girl throughout the movie might . I almost turned this movie off about half way though because it 's so boring , but I stuck it out . Hopefully , this is the last Transformers movie they make . The only thing that sells this movie is the name Transformers , because the movie itself is just sad . If you want a completely brain dead movie , bad acting , poor plot , duckfaced fake girl with over-the-top , unbelievable -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- action scenes , then this is the steaming pile of crap you want . Enjoy .
 A boring Nasa storyline that does n't make a whole lot of sense to begin with , sam gets a new girlfriend and is trying to find a job , along the way we still have annoying charectors such as the mom , the asian guy , some dumb momments with sam and his boss . movie is too long with no story , no charector development , with no action until the last 40 minutes and this is a 2 and half hour movie . If the robots had fought on the moon I think It would have been more interesting and a different location , instead we get a main villian robot that is not memorable , a repeat of the robots fighting and causing destruction in the city . special effects are amazing but it ca n't save how poorly written this movie is . its all visual with no substance .
 After seeing Revenge of the Fallen , I thought this one would be way better , I thought they would have learned their lesson , but I was wrong.This movie is a 21/2 hour snoozefest.I paid 7.50 to see this , what was I thinking.Dont make the same mistake , just wait and rent it.Heres what you do.Rent it , get it home , Fastforward through the first half of the movie , also fastforward through all of the John Malkovich scenes.Then watch the second half , try to determine who the good bots and bad bots are , because theres so many its hard to distinguish.Shias new GF in this movie is super hot but thats not enough to save this movie , It will make hundreds at the box office because of Suckers like me .
 I had so many issues with this movie I had to write a review - I NEVER write reviews but this was just so bad .1 st the chick - The way Michael Bay portrays and films women in these movies totally sickens me , but he made it up in the first movie with the action and in the second with Megan 's contribution during the fight scenes . It 's so painfully obvious they only casted this girl because she was prettier than Megan - which is n't a good thing when it comes to quality . She was an okay actress but the relationship felt fake and she was completely useless throughout the whole thing . She was pretty much pushed and pulled throughout the whole movie ! 2nd thing - what is up with all these random try-to-be-funny scenes ? They felt SO out of place - Mr. Wang is a good comedy actor but the script they gave him was so far from the story it was n't funny at all . It was like trying to mix the Hangover with Black Hawk Down or something . Nothing flowed like in the 1st and 2nd movie - it all felt forced and random .3 rd - This was the biggest disappointment - barely any autobot scenes , a lot of stuck up human scenes . I do n't know about you but the autobots is the whole reason I watched this series ! Ugh , enough said.I feel so bad giving this movie only two stars but I could n't bring myself to give it more . I LOVE Optimus Prime ! I LOVE Bumblebee ! I LOVE the cars ! I LOVE the action ! But it just dragged soooo bad for 21/2 hours I only gave it 2 ... sad .
 The HD streaming always fails ... The movie itself was fun to watch and very enjoyable . It would be nice if the streaming quality held up .
 I caved.I mean , I was never a fan of the cartoon series or the action figures as a kid and so the idea of Transformers on the big screen way back in 2007 was n't something I was salivating over . Still ; I kind of loved it . The first film was fun and fresh and witty and it just felt right . The second film was a mess . I kind of hated it . It had its moments , but overall it just felt forced and overstuffed and messy . ` Transformers
 Here are the rules
 This film truly shows how filmmakers attempt to ride success . This movie is really bad . Even with some new blood -LRB- or should I say blonde -RRB- I could n't hardly stand to finish the whole thing . But I did . What a waste .
 if you are like me and like to go through specials features and `` making of '' documentary , this is not the BD to buy . This is the second time I make the same mistake . The first time I bough Avatar BD when it came out , and it only had the movie nothing else . It is a waste of BD room space to make such releases without having a single special feature . Wait for the Special Edition , full feature , BD release ! The movie was fun , but this BD should have been price at $ 10.00 USD which is the price one pays these day to see just a movie . I will have to wait for the Special Edition , and give my copy to my young daughter who lives with her mom . As I said , the movie is fun , but not the price of this BD , and this will be the last time I make this mistake . I need to be more patient and not fill these mogul movie makers ' pocket with our HARD earned MONEY . What do you think ? Any opinions ?
 I enjoyed the first movie . I did n't think the second was as bad as everyone thought . Wow , this one was just atrocious . I 'm not going into specifics as I 'm sure the other reviews have but do not spend the $ 4.99 on downloading this . Wait for it to come out on HBO or whatever .
 While walking to the counter to PAY for this release , I turned it over to read what extras were included . NONE !!!!! Nothing !!!! I put it right back on the shelf . I am NOT paying full price for a bare-boned release ! The greedy corporate thugs are counting on you to buy this , only to wave something a lot more enticing in front of your eyes when sales for this dwindle ! Sick of these rip-off tactics !!! I have no sympathy for their loss of revenue from movie pirating ! If they treated their customers with respect , perhaps the problem would not be so widespread !!!
 There are no special features included in this version , which is a big contributing factor why I buy movies in the first place . Very annoying that this bare bones version is being sold at full price . More annoying still is the special features will probably come in the 3D version , which I do not intend on buying .
 I have seen four 3D movies on my new 3D TV and this one has been the least exciting as far as its 3D effects . I was disappointed . I am amending this review after watching the movie again . While I did enjoy the 3D version , I felt the 3D effects were subpar . It is still enjoyable to watch and still has the 3D perspective . They do n't send things protruding out at you like other 3D movies do . It does n't have the WOW-factor that other 3D movies have had .
 Before getting into why this movies sucks i will first say this.I have seen all 3 movies in the series , the first was good although it focused more on story than action but it was i guess an introduction of the transformers for people that might not have watched the cartoon.Part 2 was in my opinion decent , there were things that i did n't really care for like the cornball comedy also Devastator what purpose did he serve ? & Optimus Prime coming back to life and not only damaging Megatron but also defeating The Fallen so quickly , it seemed to me that the ending was rushed . . Now on to this piece of crap , the reason why this film sucks is because it focuses more on the human element than it does on the actual robots.I also think that some of the actors in the film served absolutely no purpose in it except for making it longer and more tedious to watch.The special effects in certain parts particularly towards the end look downright clunky.I found the part where the soldiers are either flying or glding through the air hard to swallow as well and since when do transformers get taken out by humans ? Sam taking out Starscream at the end of the film pissed me off ! Cmon man if Starscream had to die at least let him get taken out by an Autobot not a puny human . . I think Michael Bay or whoever the hell directs the next one -LRB- Really ? another one as bad as this one was ? -RRB- Needs to take this in a different direction because to me this series of films just keeps getting worse .
 This movie made me naseous . Honestly , not a big Transformer or Bay fan , but this is pretty poor . For the triple digit millions of dollars they threw at this they could have had a more realistic intro - JFK and Nixon computer generated persons throw the shark before the movie even gets the story going . There is no suspension of disbelief built up in this , building off of our hope of talking cars instead of making us believe . Bay 's hyperkinetic style makes me feel naseous , even though I like the Bourne movies . There is just no rhyme or reason to anything in these movies . I guess thats ok for some people , but for the rest of us we 'll be left wondering why people can spend $ 600mill on ticket sales for this instead of something with a real heart .
 Because nothing even remotely interesting happened so I decided to read a book instead -LRB- `` Swimming Home '' by Deborah Levy -RRB- . I 'm glad I did not pay to go see this , I would have fallen asleep .
 This is by far the worst Transformers movie that I have ever seen . I am glad I did not see this movie in the theaters nor bought this stupid movie . The scenes are so discombobulated and do not flow well together at all . The only one thing that could have deemed this movie is absent namely
 I was very excited to see this movie available on Amazon Prime , but I was disappointed once I started watching . I really could n't stand Sam 's new model girlfriend . She was so annoying and spends most of the film posing and pouting prettily . I was also confused during a lot of the movie and had trouble figuring out who a lot of the Decepticons were because they seemed very similar . Of course , I must admit that maybe it would have been clearer if I had followed more of the Transformers cartoon . Another big flaw was in the long action sequence involving a glass building . There 's foreshadowing when the NASA guy announces that they 're going to be taking refuge in a glass building . What could possibly go wrong ?
 Not much of a plot differance from the 2nd one ... I saw them film in Chicago in 2010 ... That was the only cool thing about this movie , the Chicago back drop ... Other then that do n't buy this unless you saw it and liked it . . If you have n't seen it just rent it !!!!!
 Glad this was free on Amazon Prime . Good effects , terrible plot.It was such a departure from the first two . I wo n't ever turn a movie off but this was as close as it gets .
 Just when I thought it could n't get much worse than Revenge of the Fallen ... I watch Dark of the Moon . The cheesey -LRB- and canned -RRB- music score . The overused panning camera shots with a low sun hanging just over the horizon . The also overused helicopter shots . The nonsensical and unending action sequences that leave anyone with a modicum of logic scratching their head in bewilderment -LRB- and mild disgust -RRB- . The inept plot . Shia LaBeouf screaming and overacting . Hot model running around death and destruction in high heels . The endless stream of former A list actors showing up . Etc.This movie is another train wreck . Thank god I streamed it using Prime and did n't pay for it in the theater or on DVD.Ugh .
 This is an awful franchise and this could be the worse of the bunch . This film is too dumb for adults and way to crass for children . I do n't know who 's giving the good reviews , it must be highly paid movie industry workers . This movie is really , really bad !
 It was painful to watch . I was tempted to give it two stars - I love his parents in this movie - until Sam and his girlfriend hopped into the company car after finding out her boss worked for the deceptions . It was just bad .
 30 minutes into it and I 'm bored out of my mind . Woe is me `` hero '' , terrible acting , yes it 's an action movie , so let 's see some action , do n't try to wow me with dialog . If you 're looking for something to grab your attention , this is n't it . Thankfully I did n't have to pay for the movie .
 The Decepticons play the Autobots like a used violin and demostrate Cybertron 's AI still has a long way to go . While LaBeouf and Turturro act as if this movie is their character 's last episode -- and they really over-act in this movie which is lacks the charm of the original TV cartoon .
 i want the 150 minutes of my life back . this is my first probably last movie review . this move was so bad it motivated me to take the time to do my fair share of trashing it a bit
 I 'll give this movie 5 stars for special effects , but who cares . Talk about overkill . This is for the video game crowd who can stand to play for hours on end . If you want a similar thrill as this movie gives but not take 21/2 hours to do it you could try to down a fifth of tequila real fast or jump off of a tall building and land on your head.The effects are spectacular , the acting is very good , production values all top quality , and the soundtrack music reminds you when you should feel sad , excited , tense , or whatever . The problem is I did n't feel much of anything except really bored.My favorite part of the movie was the ending -- or should I say , when it ended . Oh man , I could n't wait for this film to end . But compulsive as I am to watch a film all the way through , I stayed to the end . What a waste.Yeah , this is the kind of film the makes you want to stand up and cheer . When it was over I jumped up and cheered , `` Yay ! It 's over at last ! `` The things lacking in this movie are good story and heart . It 's the same old song that we 've heard before and it 's not one you want to sing along with . Maybe if they 'd saved a hundred million or so and made the film about an hour and a half shorter and then distributed the wealth of what they 'd saved to people who needed it , the world would have been a better place and the film makers and investors would have still made a ton of money off of it.If you have n't seen this film yet and decide to do so , you ca n't say I did n't warn you . Sometimes people think they just have to suffer the torture to see what it 's like for themselves . Ouch -- my head hurts .
 I know a lot of movies are n't going to be kid friendly . That you will have to fast forward past some things . But Transformers , that advertise a kids theme , sold as toys at stores , can be find in MacDonald happy meals . So you would think the movie be for kids . But it not . They focus more on Sam and love gal then what the robots story . Forget Sam , the name of the movie is TRANSFORMERS.I rate this movie 1star ... love the CGI for the robots . But you barley seen the robots . The whole movies is about Sam and his love interest . Michael Bay need to hang this up and give it to a true comic fan who can direct a movie about TRANSFORMERS ... pitiful
 Pretty violent , and I did not appreciate the strong language -LRB- cursing -RRB- . Not suitable for my four year old to watch .
 I 'm a big fan of Transformers going back to the 1980s cartoons . This movie , like all the other recent ones , do a major disservice to the franchise . But at least it looks good while doing it .
 If you 've been wondering if our species is ascending or declining watch Transformers . If you have n't been wondering , I would like to take this opportunity to pose an ironic question , `` What is it like to be mindless ? ''
 If your 10 years old , then perhaps this is one of your very `` bestest '' films ever ... but other than that , this is close to being un-watchable for the rest of us . I only viewed it because of Spielberg 's direction , but even he could n't save this pathetic , phony , ridiculous movie . Just not for any person that actually thinks ... or even smarter than average cats , dogs or monkeys . Total waste of time .
 This movie overall was disappointing . I so liked the first two that I really wanted this one in 3D . This was by far the worst 3D movie I have purchased . The flying paratroopers is the only reason to see this in 3D . This movie as like a very bad opera - it just went on and on and on and on ... so that when it did end you were so thankful it finally got to the inevitable conclusion .
 I had placed a huge order for my children for christmas . I was so upset when my children got the movie and there was no disc at all . so my bad review is with the company not with Amazon since they were kind enough to fix this problem and send another movie free of charge and free of shipping !! Thak you !
 Although the modern Transformer series has incredible special effects , a movie needs more than that . The Transformers we new when we were younger were different , openly honest and strictly adhering to moral standards ; but with the newer version , even the Good ones seem to be a bit more sinister and we 're not always certain that they are on our side . The transformation sequence is extremely confusing and hard to follow , unlike the simpler older style . I do not like many movies these days because Hollywood seems bent on reinventing the legend of whatever character or franchise they take on , for their own purposes . There is some of that here . With some unnecessary bathroom humor as well . Strictly for special effects fans only .
 They should have stopped after the first film . More bad acting filled in with fighting sequences that are way too long .
 Cheesy , rushed and too much Shia . Bay 's twist on this is not liked by me and much better could have been done . But what do I know ? The animated movie was excellent compared to this crap and even the games War for Cybertron and the Fall of Cybertron make this movie look bad . Action parts were ok .
 I grew up on transformers and , quite frankly , the 15 seconds of ` me grimlock ' overheard in ` the Professional ' had more going for it than ANY of these terrible terrible movies .
 I have always had a problem understanding how anything which causes the degree of destruction as does the transformers can be of any merit for the planet . Then there is Shia , he makes me want to hurl every time I see him in these roles . The last thing I liked him in was HOLES .
 It 's not the worst Transformers movie ... that was the second one . It 's not the best either - that was the first one by far . This one is just kind of blah . Lots of action , lots of explosions and not a lot of plot . Normally that would rate 3 or possibly 4 stars but not this time . Why ? There are a few reasons . The new girlfriend is one of the reasons . She 's young , pretty and can almost act . Sadly her addiction to lip injections at such a young age has given her duckface . It 's distracting and a little scary . The next is Patrick Dempsey . Normally he 's a decent actor but his character waffled between whiny victim and smug arrogance for the entire film . It was annoying without adding much to the plot.The last problem and biggest one for me -LRB- which I know does n't bother most people -RRB- was the product placement ads . Yes , I know these deals are part of the movie industry but the number of times I say Waste Management 's logo cross the screen made me feel like I was in a really long commercial for all of the Transformers corporate sponsers .
 I mean , 2.5 hours ? Really ? The story line is so simple , this could easily have been a taut 90 mins and we all would have been a lot happier . I actually have not seen the first two in this series , so this only starts to make some limited sense after a long while . Anyone should be able to watch , though , and get it , thus the editing here needed more work . The absurdly plumped up lips of the girlfriend continuously transfixed me , way more than the silly transformer action fight sequences . Speaking of which , that is where all the fat is here . The fighting could have been seriously cut and no one would have complained except maybe the kids who made this comic book movie . Is anyone surprised to learn that the bad guys/good guys theme ends with the good guys in charge , yet again ?
 Summary : Well , it 's kind of hard to summarize this DVD because it is n't predominantly a movie , even though there is a ridiculously stupid movie within the action clips . So , I 'll summarize the majority of the footage then I 'll summarize the movie.The footage is made up almost entirely of what appear to be stock shots of extreme sports , including
 It 's a blatant ripoff of Predators and not even a good one at that . It has the feel of a movie made in someone 's backyard . I feel bad for Sorbo and Woodbine . They once had careers , but now they 're doing homemade movies for some Garcia kid down the street .
 this by far the most , waste time i have ever spent on a movie let a lone money.a horrible try at predator and an complete failure . they did not even put letters on the dog tags , how pitaful.do not waste your money as i did.Sorbo is out of shape , compltey , show 's the same senre mutible times , who ever has been in a jungle with no incests , sorbo was .
 I have seen many many movies in my life and this one takes the cake as being the biggest waste of time , terrible film I have EVER seen . Honestly , to think someone actually made this movie makes me believe anyone can make a movie . Everything about this movie is just so bad it makes me want to vomit .
 `` If these guys ca n't fix it , Hell no one can . '' After a group of scientists goes missing , the army hires an elite covert team led by Tyler -LRB- Sorbo -RRB- to go and investigate and rescue them . When they get to the site they discover something they never could have imagined . There really is not much to say about this movie . The best way to explain it is that this is a Scy/Fy channel version of `` Predators '' . It is only missing the effects , action , cool bad guys and acting , other then that it is a lot like `` Predators '' . If you are a HUGE Predator or Sci-fi fan you would probebly like this , otherwise go ahead and aviod this and anyone who wants you to watch it . I give it a D.Would I watch again ? - No way ! I will not be getting this for my store . * Also try - Predators
 As one can see from the other reviews here this is not a movie that is in any danger of upstaging Predator -LRB- or the recent very impressive sequel , Predators -RRB- . It 's sort of like Predator meets the B movie genre , but even that insults B movies since this one struggles to be a C movie if there even is such a thing . Or , if you can remember back that far , the Six Million Dollar Man meets Predator.The shell of a plot idea -LRB- secret group of military scientists in a jungle somewhere developing a cybernetic super-soldier goes missing -RRB- would n't be so bad if the execution were n't so ridiculous . The supposedly elite special ops team looks more like a rag-tag bunch of guys recruited from the local sports bar who just had enough beef cake to carry an M16 and a backpack around for a while . One guy even totes a canvas bag full of guns which he switches out from scene to scene . It 's more like rhumba than Rambo.At least Predator and Predators were movies with decent scripts , good acting , and nice special effects , which this movie lacks in spades . Kevin Sorbo in the lead role is certainly a competent actor when given good material but he just seemed bored through most of the movie , and I ca n't blame him . I kept hoping Johnny Weismuller would do his Tarzan yell and come swinging down from the tree tops right into the middle of one of the poorly staged firefights , kick some serious butt , and add a little class to this water buffalo 's derriere of a jungle flick . No such luck , though . This is one jungle movie that just died on the vine .
 `` Flesh Wounds '' is really a poorly done movie . It has a plot very similar to Predator , except for the fact that Predator made sense , and at least had some kind of interesting storyline . This time it is a cyborg E16 instead of an alien , but the plot is inconsistent . Yuck.The acting in Flesh Wounds is just plain dreadful . Kevin Sorbo looks like he is bored stiff , and the rest of the actors look like they were reading it through for the first and only time . Yuck.Totally unrealistic `` special ops '' team . No military training apparent , nor any technical advisers on how real soldier might perform . One guy carries a `` bag of guns '' so that explains how they change which weapon they are holding from scene to scene . They stop in hostile land to smoke and chat about who is gay and whatnot . Yuck.The troops act like some guys picked up in a gym for their muscles and then told to play soldier . The lone female in the group has so much makeup on she looks more ready to stroll down the runway than to hike in a swamp . Yuck.The action sequences are poor . The camera work is shoddy . The dialogue is lame to the extreme . Yuck.The monster/cyborg/alien is silly , and not in a good way . Yuck.The only passable part of `` Flesh Wounds '' was the musical score . That was adequate . The rest of the movie is a total waste . Yuck .
 If this is n't the worst movie I 've ever seen it certainly is in the running . I would point out all the absurdities in the film , but it would be much easier and less time consuming to just list the positives . So here goes
 Ok , military soldiers have short hair cuts , but not Sorbo . The first air-boat scene , the air boat was so overloaded , it could barely move . The script was so poor , that I wanted to vomit . A soldier takes a look at a corpse from 2 feet and says that the head has been drilled into and the brains sucked out , making him better than Kay Scarpatta . Really !
 Who allowed this piece of crap to exist ? This is one of the clearest examples of how money is being wasted in America and the rest of the world today . Unless this was supposed to be a comedy , I would recommend quitting film writing and producing for whoever or whatever made this movie possible . Somehow they managed to find a way around not infringing on the copyrights of the movie `` Predator '' and cause me to nearly hang myself from the roof of my house , but luckily for me I realised that when this movie is over I will wake up and realise it was only a bad dream because no one is stupid enough or bad enough at life to make this movie . This is insane and a mockery . WOW ! I seriously hope this was supposed to be funny!Before I go though , I want to make one last remark . Whoever or whatever allowed these actors to portray soldiers and the military the way they did should not be be allowed to go near a movie set again . That was a offensive and especially since I am prior service . I understand there are cheezy films that get many things about the military wrong but this was just offensive . I do not ever want to hear about this movie or talk about it ever again . This is just me warning others to avoid trauma and wasting time . Thank you !
 A shabby knockoff of Predator , Flesh Wounds sees a commando team slowly picked off in the woods by an invisible cyborg . These words are shot through an oppressive and omnipresent yellow-green filter . This is to tell us that we are looking at the jungle , as opposed to say the woods behind the producer 's house . These direct-to-video sci fi films tend to follow a pretty predictable formula , so I 'll break this review down into its constituent parts : Lone Token Celebrity : Kevin Sorbo , AKA Hercules ! But while he may have saved ancient Greece a thousand times , there 's nothing the son of Zeus can do for this stinkbomb of a film.Lesson About Man 's Hubris : Strong , but confined to the military . If you are a crooked general and you build an invisible cyborg who needs regular doses of brain chemicals , then he will probably go rogue in the jungle and eat people 's brains . This is a pretty specific lesson to learn , but a good one , I guess.Carnage : Silly . Because squibs are expensive we see no physical evidence that anyone is shot ; instead CG blood just launches out of their backs . Near the end Kevin Sorbo blows up a tin shed and it does n't even move , let alone fall down.Awful Effects : SUPER awful . The cyborg 's laser guns and cg look terrible . The fake blood looks terrible . The asparagus urine filter on everything looks terrible . It 's ALL terrible.Romantic Subplot : None , although a lady CIA agent kisses Kevin Sorbo at the end . She has no reason to whatsoever.Big Action Truck : No truck but there are action airboats . Well , one airboat . Money does n't grow on trees.In conclusion , Flesh Wounds is terrible . Do n't buy it .
 it was a predator remake ... a terrible one ! the movie sucked . pay close attention to what they say , and there weapons -LRB- which change constintantly in there hands -RRB- . . just bad , when one male soldier asks another male soldier if they have postpartum depression -LRB- depression that can happen to women after they have a baby -RRB- you start to question things . at one point , a soldier with a complete serious face , trying to act cool . said this `` I really need to stop smoking these things , i used to punish the booty for 2 hrs . now i can only last 20 min '' . he was completely serious ! just terrible ... the blood was so bad that when someone got shot in the head , it looked like a spray can of red paint was shot from the back of his head.I tried to rate this as 0 stars , but this site did not allow me .
 The uniforms were ridiculous , mixing ribbons and stripes on officer 's uniforms . . the technical advisor should be fired ... I had to rewind the movie several times as it put me to sleep ... Kevin Sorbo ... puleeze do n't get roped into making these bovine feces type movies again ... a real stinker !!!!!
 Summary : Well , it 's kind of hard to summarize this DVD because it is n't predominantly a movie , even though there is a ridiculously stupid movie within the action clips . So , I 'll summarize the majority of the footage then I 'll summarize the movie.The footage is made up almost entirely of what appear to be stock shots of extreme sports , including
 I ordered this video and it took nearly a month to arrive because it was being shipped from England . Once I received it , it would n't play - at all . I have had two friends try it on their DVD just to make sure mine was n't the problem and it did n't work on theirs either . Because it was shipped from Europe , do you think it could only be compatible with European DVD 's ? I got it for my elderly uncle who plays a cameo role in the film and we were so disappointed that it did n't work.Is there a way to get my money back , or get an exchange ?
 This is the worst movie ever made . A bold statement , I know , but true nonetheless . It is 80 minutes of your life that you will never get back . The only reason I kept watching is because I told myself
 THIS WASTE OF TIME COST ME TWENTY BUCKS FOR A VIDEO THAT WAS NOT EVEN THIRTY MINUTES !! YOU CAN NOT EXPLORE ANYTHING IN THAT SHORT OF TIME !!!! YOU CAN FIND OUT MORE ON YOUTUBE FOR FREE !!! DO N'T FALL FOR THE SAME TRICK I DID ! SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 A young couple moves into a chic new studio apartment with a dark past that comes back to haunt them after they bring an old antique bed down out of storage . Anyone that would willingly watch a movie called DEATHBED deserves all they have coming to them . Considering this came from the creators of PUPPET MASTER and THE GINGERDEAD MAN , one is immediately overcome with visions of a giant , toothy mattress munching on people , but instead , the film is played entirely straight as a pseudo-Slasher . Watching DEATHBED is like watching a really long , really boring porno where only the dude gets naked and everyone else leaves , unsatisfied . To say that the acting is stale or to complain about the listless directing is really giving the film more time than it deserves . As opposed to most other Full Moon Features that run around sixty-five minutes , DEATHBED clocks in at an astounding eighty minutes of pure garbage . For a film called DEATHBED , there is also a surprising lack of deaths that occur on or around the bed . It is a wonder that Stuart Gordon would allow his name to be attached to the film at all . Rated ` F ' for Partial Nudity , Mild Violence , and False Expectations.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 In Movieland , some people are just born for certain parts . This was a Jeffrey Combs/Barbara Crampton movie if there ever was one . All it lacked was Jeffrey Combs and Barbara Crampton . This was not a good movie by any stretch of the imagination unless you are satisfied with the sexy blonde in the black underwear on the bed for a photo session . She was sexy but not sympathetic . The ending was ... well , what were they doing ? The heroine was bashing in the skull of a person who obviously was no where near her from the angle of the camera shot and where she was swinging . Anyway , the movie was pretty bad . So bad in fact , I immediately again watched Reanimator and From Beyond , both with Jeffrey and Barbara , then I watched Death Bed again ... I hate to admit it ... I might watch it a third time . Oh , and Joe Estavez ... Talk about unintentionally hilarious !!! .
 If you like cheese and crap all rolled together , you just might enjoy this one . The lead actress looks like a poor man 's Jennifer Aniston . She is involved in a few `` sex scenes '' and one shower scene and somehow manages to reveal zero in the way of nudity . The actor who plays the murderer is listed in the credits as Dukey Flyswatter -LRB- I 'm guessing he did n't want his real name associated with this film -RRB- . The male lead is always either getting something to drink , or recommending that his wife drink something -LRB- specifically , hot chocolate -RRB- to make her feel better . You 'd think that a girl who is forever drinking hot chocolate would taste the difference on the occasion when 20 valiums are crushed up in her mug -LRB- but then again , I 've never tasted a valium so I guess it 's possible that they are sweet like candy -RRB- . I did laugh out loud a few times during this movie , though . Pay special attention to how the husband `` soothes '' his wife in the scene after she tearfully reveals the painful story of how her uncle used to handcuff her to her bed and molest her as a child ... priceless stuff . There is also a laugh-out-loud kill sequence where our heroine appears to be swinging her hammer in every direction other than where her bloody target is lying . But the most hilarious moment of all is featured in the `` making of '' segment . The actress who plays the ghost girl recounts how excited she was to get a shot at staring in Death Bed after reading and being `` won over '' by the amazing script ! Ahhhhh ha ha ha ha !!
 For the record , I am reviewing the DVD released by Shadow Entertainment on February 10 , 2004 . I say this because there was another DVD of this film released back in 2002 that sounds a lot better . Like the previous reviewer said , if you can get that DVD with the bonus feature of `` Castle Freak '' , then get it instead.The movie is good , but it misses on two counts . If you 're a gore freak , then you will be disappointed . There 's no gore until the end , and even then it 's not that much . If you 're into suspenseful horror that builds , you 'll like this film until the end . I am not a gore freak , so I enjoyed most of the movie . In the end , I am happy with this purchase . It 's just that this film switches its tone so suddenly , it 's disorienting . The ending was a complete mess . My conclusion is that the filmmaker wanted to try something high-brow , but had to relent to the gore-hound financers . It 's a shame , because the film had a great tone until it degenerated into a cheap knockoff of `` The Shining '' . Overall though , I liked the movie . I did not like the DVD . I 'll give it some credit , the picture was crisp for a 19-inch analog 4:3 TV set . However , the sound was bare-bones , just sufficient to get by . There were no special features except for four trailers with one of those being this title itself . There was no chapter select menu . Heck , viewing the disc on my Sony Playstation 2 , I could n't even get chapter information runtime or title information runtime countdown . The only thing I got was a total title runtime clock . At first , I thought there was n't even any chapter breaks , but there are . The chapter breaks are just invisible.In the end , I 'm happy with this purchase . The DVD is horrible , and if I ever had the opportunity to purchase the 2002 DVD release , I would . I would then use this one as a coaster , but when the price is about $ 10 , it does n't bother me too badly . However , I really have to express my dislike for Shadow Entertainment and the recent Koch Vision Entertainment releases . They 're basically putting it to the consumers , as I have made several purchases and been thoroughly disappointed with all of them . In fact , the last purchase I made from Shadow Entertainment , I swore I would never buy from them again . I bought this DVD without knowing and was surprised by that fact , but I was not surprised when the DVD turned out to be crap.Bottom Line
 I have ordered this DVD four times . Picture is fine , music is fine , subtitles are fine BUT none of the received DVD has french dialogs / actors ' voices . Does somebody else have the same experience ?? Steve
 This is uncomfortable drivel . O look , of course it 's funny to some extent - Gerard Derpadieu mouths off homophobic abuse , not once but repeatedly , and his derision is -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- a shield against his own inclinations - yes , you will laugh , but essentially this same joke is repeated a dozen times , by which time you might well have ceased laughing ; then Gerard has some kind of mental breakdown , and mental illness is , in the best Hollywood tradition , a source of much merriment . This cliche is typical of the entire film - other examples
 This is one of the most offensive and anti-gay movies I have ever seen . Do n't let the title or the box fool you . Every character in this movie is oozing with homophobic sentiment . I was shocked that such a film could come out of France . If you 're a homophobe and want to sit and watch a bunch of hateful people sit around and attack and harass -LRB- verbally and physically -RRB- a man who pretends to be gay to save his job , then rent this and snack on a can of worms.HIDEOUS !
 Poor story , worse acting , appalling film making . This film sems to have been made to `` showcase '' the dubious talent of its maker and lead `` actor '' . I 've seen hammers with more expression and talent . Do n't bother unless you 're masochistic enough to sit through it . Less enjoyable than chewing tyres .
 I saw this movie at the UMFF . It was toooo long . It was into 67 mins and still have n't got to the point . The storylines ... well so are all over the place . I would recommend putting on this movie if you have insomia . Trust me it will put you to sleep
 It was so bad that the first thing I did after watching it was look up the director on IMDB to make sure I never waste my time or money on anything he does again.Harvesting precious organs from tourists , you say ? Oh , that explains why as soon as they run , you hack them up or shoot them.A beautiful location , as well as a fair amount of money were squandered on this pointless film . The cheesy special effects they tried to pass off as gore made the film even worse.I love the horror/thriller genre . I love a truly bad , low budget gore flick . This picture was simply meaningless . Not even so bad it 's good.On a lighter note , some may find the special effects featurette quite entertaining and bring a silver lining to the experience . After sitting through this time waster , you will indeed get a laugh when they explain how they accomplished such `` stunning effects '' as using latex wounds and styrofoam rocks . To hear the director taking it all so seriously and boasting about the films `` accomplishments '' was quite funny indeed . A Troma film has more convincing special effects .
 Like almost every recent `` horror '' film that has lazily tried to `` update '' -LRB- read
 Pretty lame excuse for a movie here . The acting is atrocious , the film is dark and murky so often that you do n't know -- or care -- what is going on half the time . What happened to better lighting ? I do n't see what the big deal is making these types of `` torture wan na be horror '' movies . What happened to actually trying to scare people instead of making them want to vomit while watching ? I admittedly have n't seen the other films of this type -- Saw , Hostel , etc -- but if they are anything like this movie , I do n't want to.A group of kids arrive in Brazil planning a get away . When the bus they are traveling plunges off a cliff -LRB- man , I hate when that happens ... -RRB- they find themselves stuck in Brazil for some time . They meet some people and decide to stay with some of the locals . They drink themselves silly , and decide that Brazil is better than sliced bread . Little do they know that the drinks are spiked with a little more than vodka . After their raging first night , they wake up to realize they 've been drugged and that their possessions are gone . One piece of advice
 i 'll make my review short on this movie . it took 59 minutes to get to the `` good stuff '' and there was n't much at that . you 've seen all this before . no shock value here .
 They had a great idea with this film -LRB- despite clearly borrowing the concept from `` Hostel '' -RRB- ... a group of stranded tourists in Brazil are drugged and robbed and left with no alternative but to follow a `` friend '' into the jungle , ostensibly to have their organs sold on the black market , unbeknownst to them.What failed was just about everything from the horrible acting , to the gratuitous bikini-clad `` Hostel '' wanna-bees , to the implausibility of their situation and the fact that a horror film should actually be scary . Unfortunately , what could have been an interesting and scary film was just plain dumb!I would NOT recommend renting this movie -LRB- or even watching it for free once it comes to Cable -RRB- , let alone paying money for it . If you like the idea behind the film , `` Hostel '' is a much better take on the could-it-really-happen-to-me-as-a-traveler-in-a-foreign-country horror film .
 In `` Turistas , '' a group of backpacking tourists -LRB- American and otherwise -RRB- meet on a bus barreling over Brazilian mountains . When their bus is totaled in an accident , this new group of friends decides to hang out on the beach and party instead of trying to find their way back to a city . Big mistake . They end up in the Brazilian jungle and entangled in an overly complicated yet ultimately simplistic plot involving bandits and other nefarious types.As others have mentioned , `` Turistas '' comes across as a rip-off of `` Hostel . '' Apparently these two movies were made at about the same time , so it 's a bit unfair to dismiss `` Turistas '' thusly . However , the rather mediocre `` Hostel '' at least had some interesting twists and chases - ca n't say the same thing for `` Turistas . '' Unfortunately , every move in this movie is blatantly telegraphed ahead of time , so there are no surprises . The gore factor is about all `` Turistas '' has going for it , and even that is brief and so poorly shot as to be inconsequential . Josh Duhamel -LRB- `` Las Vegas '' -RRB- tries his best to be a likeable protagonist , but he 's given little to do except appear `` protective . '' The lovely Melissa George comes off better , as a Portuguese speaking Australian adventuress . Hmmm ... wonder whether they 'll survive . Yawn .
 This is a bad bad movie . It does n't even make sense . For one thing , after the bus flips over a mountain in the beginning of the film and all the passengers barely escape , they stand around watching the bus roll off the cliff . Five minutes later they seem to forget that incident took place . Now I do n't know about you , but if that happened to me , I 'd be spending the rest of my day -LRB- and life -RRB- feeling extremely fortunate I escaped from the bus in time.After that scene is over , the next 30 minutes of film is a waste of time . It 's nothing but a big party scene on a beach where a bunch of young adults are standing around talking and playing typical beach games . No effort at all was involved to bring any kind of tension to this supposed `` horror '' movie . It was just one big party scene.After a while , a crazy guy decides he wants to cut open the bodies of the people he trapped and tied up , and steal their organs while they are awake . Okay , that 's pretty uncomfortable , but it was n't enough to save the movie , because these scary moments only happen a couple times . The action scenes at the end involving the people trying to run away from the guy and his friends WOULD have been cool had it not taken place at night , when we ca n't see what 's going on . Yeah , lots of action is taking place , but it was too dark to see . You were basically staring at a dark screen guessing who was getting attacked . I was actually wrong at first when I thought the main bad guy was being killed off , only for a lookalike to appear a few moments later . Obviously it was n't the same guy.The underwater swimming moments were horrible as well . Could n't see anything . The joke at the end about choosing either a bus or airplane to travel was out of place and unnecessary . Bad movie .
 I looked forward to this film , but it left me pretty cold . Sure the operation scene was gruesome , but certainly not worth the wait . In fact there were parts of this movie where I was downright bored . I wo n't go into the plot , we all know what it is.For those who enjoy lengthy underwater swimming scenes , this is right up your alley . It seemed that the film prided itself on the underwater scenes above anything else.The problem with this film is that it is about as subtle as a sledgehammer . You know what is going to happen from the opening scene . You know who 's in on it and what is going to happen . It 's nothing like the first Hostel with the shocking ending , you know something is up as soon as the senorita behind the bar starts making phone calls . You knew something bad was going to happen the next morning after all the drinking on the beach.And what 's up with just one medical victim ?? It was almost disappointing to see the doctor only work on one patient . But I guess we do get some gunshot victims , a large toothpick to the eye , and a stabbing in the cage . And it was nice to see the doctor get his instead of letting him live and having Turistas II unleashed on us next year.And I do not care how they do it in London , No one is going to fix my skull with a staple gun .
 As `` Turistas '' began , I was sucked into the idea that this might actually be a good movie . However , my opinion changed rapidly after the first 30-45 minutes . Supposedly , taking place in Brazil , the scenery is quite interesting and appears to provide a suitable setting for a horror movie , but , as I said , that is not the case . `` Turistas '' is about a young woman and her brother -LRB- probably in their mid 20s -RRB- who are determined to check out Brazil . Well , as we know from `` Hostel '' , it 's not always a good idea to go willnillying all over the world without knowing what you might get into . After all , the hunters might become the hunted ... at least , this principle seems to apply likewise to `` Turistas '' as it did `` Hostel '' although not really in the same sense.Indeed , `` Turistas '' attempts to be a little bit political in a sense and teaches how exploitation is wrong , and that there are many of those who are still very upset about this , so upset that they would like to confiscate a few things from tourists if you know what I mean , and I 'm not talking about a rolex -LRB- well , maybe that too , but there is something more that meets the eye in this mess -RRB- . To say anymore about the plot would be to give this magnificent piece feces away , not to mention give away its political message to all of us tourists !!! Do n't you know that Brazil really loves this kind of movie to get out in the States ! LOL.At any rate , the movie fails to provide the audience with any sense of fear or horror . If horror can be elicited at all , it can only be from what our so-called villains have done to tourists of the past and what they are willing to do , but there 's a method and philosophy to their madness , is n't it ? I must admit that I do find this movie laughable , but it 's just another one of those lessons to all of us to not be in the wrong place at the wrong time and to be careful what and where we drink.In all seriousness -LRB- although I must admit I do find my sarcasm appropriate and funny for this review-probably wo n't be a very popular review but that wo n't be a first-what the hay ? -RRB- , `` Turistas '' does n't work because it lacks atmosphere and is completely unconvincing . These faults are due to the poor acting and execution on the set . I did not find the killer -LRB- if you want to call him that -RRB- convincing whatsoever , and I did not find the movie scary , horrifying or interesting in the slightest.Perhaps , if anything positive could be said about this movie , there is a realistic feel to the movie , but the problem with the movie is that you do n't care about the idiot characters involved . I mean , how stupid can you get ?? Morever , these characters are not likeable and most people fail to be able to relate to and sympathize with them . The result is an uncompelling or unmoving movie . Finally , the creators of this film fail to produce any kind of horrifying atmosphere from which fear can be derived . The only identifiable emotion that I felt for these people was disgust for their stupidity .
 A group of young travelers are on a rickety old bus in Brazil . The bus driver takes a turn too fast and everyone has to escape fast before the bus rolls down the hill . While waiting for a new bus to arrive , the travelers find a small beach that has a bar and decide to stay there and party . In the morning they find they 've been drugged and all their belongings stolen . One of the natives from a nearby village that they met the night before leads them to a house in the jungle where they can stay until they figure out how to get home . It turns out the house is owned by a doctor who harvests organs from white people in some misguided revenge for his country being exploited by rich tourists.Turistas was better than I thought it would be , but I was n't really expecting much . It takes too long to get going and you can predict what 's going to happen at every turn . There are some tense moments during an underwater sequence near the end , but it 's not scary . For me the scariest part was wondering what I would do if I was stranded in a foreign country with no money , no passport and could n't speak the language . I would n't do what these kids did which was to trust someone who helped rob them the night before and follow him deep into the jungle . Basically Turistas is dumb people doing dumb things and the organ harvesting was a flimsy plot device to throw in some gore .
 This movie is so haorrible its not even funny.its very slow movie , the acting is bad , all of the good action takes place at the end and before you know it its all over before you got a chance to even enjoy it.if you are looking for this type of film watch any of the saw movies or the two hostel movie ... all of which are better then this.trust me dont even rent this.i got it for $ 5.99 and felt cheated.a fair warning to all those considering this ... DONT DO IT to yourself .
 1 girl running off cliff and 1 girl still awake while being operated on -LRB- creepy -RRB- . other than those scenes , its basically the son of hostel .
 I thought it was pretty bad . Hostel was better than this crap . I mean it was ok in some parts but I did n't expect much . It 's not even scary . I ca n't wait to watch Hostel 2 when it comes out .
 I 'm responding to the guy that says this is like hostel but better . He has no idea what he 's talking about . Before I continue I would like to warn any and all readers that there are possible spoilers . Also to the poster of that review ... STEPHEN ... please have the common sense to say spoiler alert when you 're reviewing potential spoilers ... * POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT * `` Personally , I thought Turistas was scarier and sexier than Hostel , and had more likable protagonists and more interesting villains '' ^ Uh , if you think this movie is scary , that just shows that you are an amateur horror movie watcher . When was it scary in this movie ? You must be already spooked out like crazy to be scared in this movie , it did n't even have any surprises in this movie ! It 's all straightforward and predictable . Throwing in the word sexier means you 're one crooked dude . Who the heck watches a scary movie to get turned on ??? How messed up is that ? `` Among the better movies from the recent batch of extreme/torture horror '' ^ If you say so ... 2/3rds or MORE of the movie contains no torture or any real horror . In fact there 's only like a few mins of ONE person getting tortured . How the heck can you say it 's a better of anything ?? Seriously , and 24 people agreed with him and only 1 or 2 disagree ? Just goes to show you that 90-95 % of the population knows squat about anything . Remember , it 's not an insult if it is true . Hostel , even though not much of a good movie either , contains multiple torture scenes which by the way has the victims screaming and pleading for their lives unlike this movie in the most part , this movie contains a short few min single torture and she was sedated !! There was no screaming ! '' `` Turistas '' also brings up the level of its bad guys a bit more than a number of similar movies have done . The ringleader of the group , while certainly not rising to the level of a character like Jigsaw , is well-crafted and believable , a highly intelligent but unflichingly sadistic mastermind '' ^ Uh , what are you talking about ? Most movies show at least this much . Hostel for one reveals an organization that sells people out , in the movie 's case , to be tortured by the potential buyer who sometimes buy based on the victim/subject 's global origins/residence . I have no clue how you included jigsaw and well-crafted into an obviously plain out lacking movie like this . The only thing the movie revealed was that he was a doctor and towards the end reveals that he wants their organs to sell for a lot of money . And 24 or so people agreed to this review ? We should scan these people ... `` With the movie developing into some intense battles , it 's in ways like an action movie that 's presented as a horror movie '' ^ Uh no it 's just a horror movie with action ... it 's not an action movie that is presented as a horror movie . You see , your misinterpretation of the movie is further proof why this horror movie failed , there was n't enough horror to the point where you mistakenly thought it was an action type movie instead . Intense battles ? You 're joking right ? You must be watching some Rambo on the side or something or flipping multiple channels while watching this . Intense battles ... hahaha cracked me up . There was action but there was nothing intense or original about it . It was entertaining somewhat , I give it that , but intense ... man ... whatever you had give me some of that.TO EVERYONE : This movie is really a lame and disappointing movie in the fact that more than 2/3rds -LRB- movie is about an hour and a half and an hour or more of the movie -RRB- contains no gore or real horror . It 's just the typical bunch of college students acting reckless like countless other movies . Then they 're led to a house and there 's like a few very short moments where the doctor sedates a young lady and takes out a few organs . Since she 's sedated there 's no agony to be had , she just looks on in a daze like consciousness . Then there is the escape and a few did n't make it . But seriously , no real torture and the movie builds up all this stuff to have a silly , weak , and very unsatisfying ending . Do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . The plus side however is that it is watchable and entertaining until the hour mark passes because you were actually expecting something.You will only view this movie to be really horrific is if you 're totally not use to these kinds of movies altogether like our little STEPHEN friend there and the 24 people that agreed to his obviously ... . review . The guy knows nothing about what he 's talking about , period . Want something to cringe at ? Check out snuff films and documentaries . Now THAT is something horrific , this is laughable .
 Do n't see Turistas if you think your gon na see some great horror flick
 Is it just me or did I feel like I was watching a missing episode of the show Lost ? Just kiddin but anyways I thought it was a lil like the show Lost a bit but this movie was horrible . Do not watch it !
 Those of you who are curious about Turistas wo n't miss anything earth shattering if you pass it by . As other reviewers have correctly pointed out , this movie is another lame attempt at extreme horror in the recent subgenre of torture films , a la SAW , HOSTEL , etc. . However , Turistas is really bad , and is simply a movie where the violence and gore exist for the sake of the movie . Without these elements , you have no movie . Unlike decent horror films that actually stand on their own without gratuitous blood and guts -LRB- but include them for extra effect -RRB- , Turistas is boring and filled with more holes than swiss cheese.Every scene of blood and gore is unnecessary ; when a girl falls off a cliff , do we need to see her splat on the ground to know she died in the fall ? When a guy gets his head split open , do we need to constantly see his gaping head wound ? And when some dude staples it shut with a staple gun , do we need to see this done in loving detail ? To demonstrate how evil the Brazilian surgeon is , did he really have to plunge a skewer through the eye of his henchman and stir it around until he died ? -LRB- All done at an outdoor cafe , and no one bats an eye -RRB- Perhaps most gratuitous and outrageous is the surgery scene where the evil doctor cuts open and extracts the internal organs from a female victim while she is still alive , then plops them on her chest . While the special effects are very good and realistic , did we REALLY have to see all of this in exacting detail to get the idea that this poor girl is having her organs removed without her consent , and is then thrown away like a sack of garbage?My favorite useless and idiotic scenes are when the stranded tourists agree to follow an english speaking Brazilian through miles of jungle only to reach a picturesque waterfall and pool ... and go swimming . These are the same people who have had their tour bus go over a cliff , have recently been drugged and robbed of all their possessions , and are desperate , supposedly , to find the police and a way to get back to civilization . Yep , if I were them , in their situation , I would stray from the main roads , hike deep into unchartered jungle with a guy I do n't even know , and go swimming . Brilliant.Second in my favorite idiotic plot sequences is the chase at the end through the underwater caves . Now put yourself into the shoes of the bad guys
 This may not be the films fault , but I did not like it . Not my sort of thing , so I probably never should have bought it in the first place .
 Remember when horror movies , I mean cheap , drive-in knock-offs , used to be fun?I do n't know where they went to shoot this one . It 's supposed to be Brazil . Maybe it is . They usually go to Canada for dreck like this . Or Romania.This is a professional-enough looking film . Nice photography , especially in the underwater cave sequences.But it 's just so ... the usual . Slasher/Torture Porn . And not a lot of that , really . The bloodthirsty generation of psychos who eat this kind of sadism up will be disappointed . The kind of gore they crave is pretty much limited to one scene . And that scene provides the only real nudity too -LRB- except for a couple of flashes during the beach scenes -RRB- , so that part of the audience -- the kind that used to like these movies for its cheap thrills and titillations -- will be put off that the only real exposed beauty is having her organs removed while she 's revealed . I know that 's Joe Bob Briggs bottom line reviewing ... but what else is there?Characters are n't that interesting . Moments of uniqueness are quickly discarded for the torture porn formula.Eh .
 Horrible acting , worse plot ... the only thing it has going for it is some good looking ladies , but even they ca n't make the film worth watching . Save 2 hours of your life and avoid this movie .
 Filmmakers have tried to touch rock bottom in horror and disgust in the last few years , each one vying to be the most original and shocking . Just when Hostel made you think you could n't go any lower , along comes Turistas . I know what vivisection is but never saw it portrayed on film before . It was admittedly shocking , and well-done -LRB- within a very narrow definition of that term -RRB- . We even get the treat of listening to the evil doctor expounding a Marxist analysis of core and periphery states while pulling the vital organs out of the gasping , pleading victim.But a good horror movie is more than one scene , or even a couple of other adequate ones . Overall , the movie just does n't cut it . You 've got the problems other reviewers have noted , such as the one-dimensional characters , and the script problem of `` We were drugged and robbed last night , and left without money or ID . After walking for hours though the jungle , being led by someone we do n't know , why do n't we stop and go swimming at a waterfall ! '' I also note that a philanthropic doctor who cuts out vital organs to help the poor is not the kind of person who would stab a person in the eye with a palito de churrasquinho.Also , I think I just do n't have patience for these types of movies anymore . They 're so formulaic
 Is it just me or did I feel like I was watching a missing episode of the show Lost ? Just kiddin but anyways I thought it was a lil like the show Lost a bit but this movie was horrible . Do not watch it !
 Just another one of those movies . A bunch of young kids travelling somewhere and get cut up into pieces because some psycho wants their organs . Neither scary nor educational -LRB- Tommy , you are taking Anatomy 101 , and believe me , this movie does n't help you pass that class ! -RRB- . Many scenes are too dark to tell what happened . Hear someone scream and some light streakes across the screen , and the next thing you know , someone has dropped . It is okay to see it for free , but not worth it when you pay for the ticket .
 Is it just me or did I feel like I was watching a missing episode of the show Lost ? Just kiddin but anyways I thought it was a lil like the show Lost a bit but this movie was horrible . Do not watch it !
 even in the hour plus '' build-up/charactor developement '' . i guess talky , anti american '' horror '' movies is the latest trend.i was watching the talky trailer on my computer and got sleepy .
 The torture-horror film is all the rage these days . We 've got the Saw and Hostel franchises , along with countless knock-offs to boot . Director John Stockwell knows a thing or two about filming by the beach and ocean considering he 's helmed previous films like Into the Blue and Blue Crush . That 's why the filming by said area looks so good , but that 's about the only positive thing going for Turistas -LRB- funny how the torture-horror genre and said director make strange bedfellows huh ? -RRB- . Josh Duhamel -LRB- soon to be seen in the live action Transformers movie -RRB- is among the group of unbelievably good looking young people who want to do nothing more than drink heavily and party in Brazil . Little do they know that there are organ harvesters lurking around waiting for them to pass out , and they know nor care nothing for little things like anesthetics or legalities . Turistas starts out as being incredibly boring before any substancial events happen , and after they do -LRB- such as when a few members of the party disappear , along with everyone 's wallets , ID 's , etc. -RRB- even more non-sensical events take place . The acting is horrid , there are plot holes aplenty , and the gruesome acts themselves do n't come off as anything really shocking or anything even remotely scary . And by the time Turistas reaches it 's climax , we just wonder what was the point of a horror film that 's not even remotely scary . We 've seen this before , and we 've seen this done much , much better . Not even worth seeing for hardcore horror buffs .
 if you gave this movie more than 1 star you are high . no plot , bad acting , and too gruesome for theaters ... NOT !! . the movie goes on for an hour before anything happens and then its ' just downhill from there.not gorry just boring ...
 This could have been a good film . The concept of a sinister network of body farmers capturing and using backroads tourists has a lot of consideration to it . The idea of paradise lost , the idea of Americans finding themselves way over their head , not a new concept , but still , could have worked here . I think we 've all heard the many urban legends about tourists living and dying in South America . Makes you definitely want to stick to the Frommer 's guides ! But for me it did not work well at all as I watched this film . Mind you , I watched this film then I balanced it with Hostel . I 'll explain why . First off , yes we know that if not for Hostel , who would be considering this movie . The problem is that Hostel , and I 'm not the biggest fan of the movie but I do give a nod of respect toward it , had characters that developed and had characters you could relate to . The characters in Hostel were cliche , yes , but at least you knew you could comprehend them and you were chilled by all that happened to the main characters ... one by one . This movie I think tried too hard to be like Hostel , which I 'm willing to bet the second Hostel film could n't be like the first one . Second off , the `` torture '' movie genre that is being played for all its worth ... i.e. Saw I through a billion , Wolfs Creek , Hostel ... is either a hit or miss . You are either enraptured by the suspense and the pay off for the suspense , or you are downright bored . For Turistas , you are truly -LRB- and this is my opinion -RRB- bored because you -LRB- going back to the first point -RRB- ca n't really care about the characters . The characters are almost idiots as they go in a zombieque mannerism from one scene to the next . All you can do is sit back and watch the screen and say to yourself `` It is only ninety minutes ... it is only ninety minutes ... '' but man , how 90 minutes can drag out for an eternity . Cardboard has more texture then the characters of Turistas . And when the `` horror '' -LRB- really is n't that bad , I 've seen worse on Court TV -RRB- happens , all you can do is shrug and fight off the horrific temptation of using the fast forward button . And mind you , that 's the same reason that out of the entire genre of `` torture '' movies , I 've only been able to respect Hostel . Again , it is n't my favorite film , but at least it gives the `` torture '' horror movie audience what they want ... a growing development and then a horrific pay off . Turistas really does n't have that . We see one operation scene . That 's it . We see a lot of dark chases . Gun shots . That 's it . There is no tightness of horror . There 's only time wasted . That 's my take on it . Do with it as you wish . I would , at the very most , say this was a renter and not a buyer kind of movie .
 This movie had basically the same storyline as Hostel , except more gore , possibly a tribute to the lines of Cannibal holocaust and such . I 'm not a gore fan , but I enjoyed hostel . This movie was a complete ripoff of that one , and with no suspense or scares . This was just anotyher generic exploitation flick . The characters were 2 dimensional , only exisiting to be slaughtered , and let out the occasional yell , the story was trite , and the villain not believable . I 'm sorry I wasted my time .
 this movie was just plain bad . bad story . bad `` gore '' . bad everything . do n't waste your money or your time watching this .
 For reasons I 'll never understand , someone at work gave me this `` movie '' to watch because they said I would like it . WRONG , WRONG , WRONG !!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is is just one long and sick snuff film of the lowest order . Many will like it but it really worries me that this disturbing thing is listed as Entertainment . Igrew up with slasher movies and they were call all kind of things in there time , but this one is truly just sick .
 I will attempt to make this short , while hopefully covering some important points which will help you to consider this film for its merits as well as its flaws . Firstly . An initial caveat to all you raconteurs with high expectations . That is , do not -- I say do not go in to see this movie thinking you are going to get a cinematic product on the level of an Alfred Hitchcock or Stanley Kubrick film . Yeah , do n't think that . But I do not think that I am stretching things in saying that you will enjoy a fine time of it for about an hour . I say an hour because you will have to switch off for a good five minutes or so after that because the dissection scene is simply too grotesque and sadistic to endure , at least by my standards . Then you can turn back -- but getting back on point , we are not giving this film its proper due . There are some out there who will say the movie did not deliver the goods , when in one sense , it is absolutely undeniable , an immutable fact , that the movie delivers `` the goods '' in force . The cinematographer , obviously a man , is here to help -- he brings the camera to bear on one of the most ludicrously sensual and sexy casts in recent memory , this side of `` Baywatch '' . That noteworthy program assembled a Hall of Fame gallery of hotness to which we still pay homage , but the assembled lineup of Beau Garrett , Melissa George , Olivia Wilde , and the two Brazilian chicks at the bar , all in their swimwear , can honestly can suit up and play in the same game with , while obviously not surpassing , the legendary beauties launched to eternal greatness by the Hoff.Point # 2 . If one is a horror fan , at the hour mark is good news -- the miserable depressing plot about the crazy looney tune doctor and the organ transplant clinic take over the scenery , and the movie . If one is not , well one is in for a bit of a disappointment . Because a solid 50 minutes of character interaction , partying , and beautiful people in beautiful scenery fools us -- we think then `` Turistas '' is about the tourists . When in fact it is not . `` Turistas '' is really about shock , about horror , about throttling the viewer with tension . The more one reflects it becomes fairly straightforward that the movie was really interested above everything else in becoming a worthy successor or perhaps heir apparent to `` Hostel '' , the champion of the genre of the new supergross-out horror film . With reference to that film , `` Turistas '' is considerably more sparing with the gore , and that restraint is not a little of the basis of why it is in my opinion actually superior to `` Hostel . '' That being said , the disappointment for me is still intact -- the film had a set of characters from which to work with , and more of a story might have been crafted involving people in a terrible situation , but the carnage and chase scenes become whirlwind and frenetic , fast and furious and one loses track of who is dying , and who has died -- the film should have cared enough about the characters to give us some more refined portraits , which would have made us care about who suffered the effects of its gratuitous violence . Otherwise the film is simply about the violence -- and here it had at least the raw materials to do much better.At any rate , perhaps I have been too harsh . There are actually some very effective chase sequences involving underground lagoons and caverns which keep the tension at a quite high pitch . One can not help inwardly at least taking note of the remarkable athleticism of these young actresses and Josh Duhamel , all of whom are able to swim and negotiate tight passages underwater with great agility . It actually seems that the film requires their physical fitness and skill to be on a par with or even exceeding their dramatic skill . The tension is maintained at an unnerving level for a considerable length of time in this film , from the moment the demented doctor enters the compound among the confused and demoralized tourists . The denouement is a bit strange and anticlimactic , with a twist of fate one would not expect -- but it could have been , for its sense of surprise , far more satisfying . But give it its due -- the movie is one wallop of a rollercoaster ride . If I have to be faultfinding there are two aspects , maybe three I would address . The first is that the film should have attempted to add some depth and heft to the relationship between the characters . Since the actresses are deliriously beautiful for the most part and the actors reasonably charismatic/amusing , we would have appreciated some more meaningful interaction between them , to see some genuine relationships , romances or friendships form . The second is that the prostitution of gore in the pivotal scene with the doctor and Beau Garrett was an abject crime of gratuity that was simply unwarranted and , in all probability , a submissive bent knee to the climate of supergratuitous horror-porn which has become so nouveau-popular and almost chic as of late . Some sort of background context concerning the villain might have helped as well ; his persona , his past , his motives are all enshrouded in a sort of vagueness that assumes we already know what in fact we do n't . As a result , whereas he might have been presented bit by bit as an intriguing and interesting villain , he simply comes off vile and repugnant . In hindsight this film deserves a three star rating , though I prematurely gave it two . It rightly merits one and a half stars merely for filming a cast of blinding hotness in all the tropical splendor that is Brazil ; had Beau Garrett survived , I might have been even more generous .
 Some good action and scenery , but otherwise pretty low budget movie . Only recommended for die-hard horror fans .
 Ok I hate to burst anyone 's bubble about this movie ... but it says on the cover `` A better and scarier movie than Hostel '' . Um ... NO . I actually enjoyed it up to the point where they got into the house and it got dark . From that point on the movie took place in nothing but darkness and you could not tell what was happeneing or who was who . So so annoying . This movie pissed me off . Do n't waste your money . Thank god I only paid a few bucks for it . A complete waste of time . Eww .
 I 'm sure that `` Turistas '' started out as a good idea , and it must have remained so at the start of the screenplay development process . Even in the final filmed version , parts of this good idea remained ; it involves an isolated group of organ harvesters living in the deep jungles of Brazil . They obtain everything from unwitting tourists that wander into a phony beach/bar getaway . The notion that someone would remove your vital organs against your will is genuinely scary , and I have no doubt that such people actually exist , hidden away within the nooks and crannies of the earth . It 's a very uncomfortable thought , and I give the film credit for making me second-guess any plans to visit Brazil.But this film is loaded with problems , enough to outweigh the effectiveness of the underlying idea . `` Turistas '' is misguided practically from the start , missing the mark as both a horror film and a social commentary . The first hour does nothing but continuously build tension , which I suppose can be effective when constructed properly -LRB- consider Ridely Scott 's `` Alien '' -RRB- . But by the time we actually get to the scarier moments of the remaining thirty minutes -- moments highlighted by medical cruelty and violence -- we come to the realization that there 's hardly anything to have gotten tense about . I say this from a horror fan 's point of view ; if a story is meant to be scary , then it should remain consistently scary almost all throughout . Saving the shocking moments for the end simply does not work.And then there are the turistas -- or tourists in the native English . They 're represented as a ragtag group of well-toned twenty-somethings from all walks of life . No matter how hard I tried to understand them , no matter how open-minded I made myself to their situations , I never once believed them to be genuine . They felt about as realistic and complex as clones from a cheaply produced 1990s teen slasher film -LRB- all of which were clones to begin with , I might add -RRB- . The most important characters are the brother and sister duo of Alex -LRB- Josh Duhamel -RRB- and Bea -LRB- Olivia Wilde -RRB- . Alex is inexplicably and unrealistically overprotective of Bea
 Next time you find yourself stranded in Nowheresville , Brazil , `` Take the plane , '' according to Alex -LRB- Josh Duhamel -RRB- , just one of the unlucky tourists in `` Turistas . '' The story revolves around a group of young and hard bodies of differing nationalities who get stranded when their bus takes a really bad turn and goes off of a cliff . The tourists are welcomed to a nearby small town while waiting for another bus that seems to be perfect for parties on the surface , but holds a dark secret underneath . As the tale unfolds , the group finds themselves the targets of a vengeful man hoping to cash in on their organs . Who makes it out alive ? Sit through ninety tedious minutes and you 'll find out . ** Potential Spoilers ** Featuring stock characters and stock gore , this film struggles to find its way . At one point it is a gore film , but when compared to other recent splatter flicks like `` Hostel '' and `` Wolf Creek , '' it comes up short in the blood and guts department . Next we find it trying to be a suspense yarn with underwater cavern chases . Unfortunately , these chases become boring to watch and difficult to keep up with . Lastly , the movie takes a light shot at social commentary , but organ stealing is hardly a new topic , and I honestly do n't think that most tourists are as dense as this gaggle of goof-offs . Now I do understand that the characters had to be somewhat dumbed down in order to move the tale along , but I found myself not really pulling for any of them . I could care less who lost their kidneys or if they were conscious when their livers were removed . We are expected to cheer on Duhamel and his on-screen sister , Bea -LRB- Olivia Wilde -RRB- , but I really saw no reason to . The rest of the group serves no great purpose other than to be victims , excepting the supposed `` smart '' member of the party , Pru -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- . The primary villain in this film , Zamora -LRB- Miguel Lunardi -RRB- , comes off as an arrogant dictator who is n't as tough as you 'd expect a primary villain to be . I honestly do n't see how any of his lackeys could fear him . In fact , he was n't scary at all.Light gore , dull suspense , a disjointed plot , and modest acting adds up to a clunker in my book . I 'd consider `` Turistas '' a rental at best . If you prefer more gore -LRB- though not necessarily a better story -RRB- check out the `` Hostel '' flicks . For an actual good gory story , `` Wolf Creek '' is your best bet . For suspense in a cave , I highly recommend `` The Descent . ''
 I 'm getting very angry at some of these companies that are releasing very poor Quality DVDs . `` I 'd Give My Life '' could have been very enjoyable if they spent a little time fixing it up . In some areas the movie goes dark and light and dark and light . It gets very annoying . There 's crackle and popping sounds through out the movie .
 At a wimpy 85 minutes , so much is left out that unless you 've read the book , a lot of what is happening probably wo n't make any sense.Avoid the movie , but definitely read the book by my favorite author Douglas Kennedy
 I have never given a movie 1 star before but here it is . `` Woman in the Fifth '' offers very little in the way of plot or relevancy for that matter . The characters are flat , dull , and the dialog is less than inspiring . This movie is about nothing , literally . There is no back story of any characters , no motivation for their actions or lack there of , nothing . Just nothingness . And then it ends thankfully .
 Save your money and time . This is nonsense attempting to be arty and important . I 'd also forgotten how dire an actor Hawke is . Save your time ? There is no explanation or direction . Honey Boo Boo has better writin .
 Very disappointed by this movie . The book was great and so I anticipated the movie would be as well , especially after seeing who was going to star in the movie.Very disappointed . Slow moving movie - lots missing ...
 I admire Kristen Scott Thomas and I find Ethan Hawke to be an actor who consistently chooses interesting roles . This film received a good review from Roger Ebert , so we watched it . -LRB- On Netflix -RRB- This is the dreariest film I 've seen in years . The acting is good , but the story has no real structure and becomes increasingly bewildering as the movie proceeds . Ethan Hawke seems to be existing in a parallel universe , and suffering from some sort of mental illness . He is supposedly in Paris to see his daughter , but aside from peering at her through a fence once or twice , nothing further develops . Hawke 's character lives in a seamy squalid room above an equally dismal coffee shop , weird things happen that have no explanation , he is given a weird job monitoring a screen in what seems to be a bunker of sorts where strange things may or may not be occuring , Kristen Scott Thomas 's character is apparently a figment of his imagination ... It just gets less and less interesting and there is not a single moment of normalcy . Everyone is weird . The whole film is weird , and not in a good way.When it ended , my husband and I looked at each other , rolled our eyes , and immediatley began talking about other things . A pointless waste of an evening . A can find nothing to recommend about this film .
 I was attracted to this movie by the stars . I have not read the book , but I view movies on the basis of a perceived entertainment value . Unfortunately , this one is not very entertaining , nor is it very believable , even as a so-called psychological drama . It 's the first time I 've ever been disappointed by Kristen Scott Thomas . Save your money .
 This was one of the worst movies I 've seen in recent memory . I 'll start off by saying that all the sped up and slo-mo effects were unnecessary and honestly annoying . The kill scenes were cheaply done CGI which looked terrible for the most part . It 's a spoiler , but in the last attack scene of the movie the ` dream girl ' literally bursts through a tree and a burned body to attack Simon/Stanley . My biggest problem with this movie is that I know Cripin Glover can do so much better . I 'm sure he did the best with the script he was given , which was n't much , but I 'd have passed on this role . After seeing him in Rivers Edge and Willard it was almost painful to watch him play this character . I 'm just glad I got this used for six bucks and not the twenty-five amazon is asking for it
 The premise of the movie is nothing new but the acting was horrible . The worst part being Simon 's accent . I got so annoyed everytime he would open his mouth and say `` You did n't say Simon says '' ... The rest of the characters were rather flat ... the cheating boyfriend , the best friend cheating with the boyfriend , the stoner and ect . Also , all the flying axes get a little old after the first few times . What I wanted to know was how he could set them all up so quickly ... ?? The final showdown was odd and cheesey . All things considered it was a very lame and boring movie .
 For many years it used to be the image of Jason Voorhees when you think about a maniac killer roaming the woods and slaying campers , but after seeing this movie ... well ... . you still will.Crispon Glover plays the worst role I have ever seen him do . The guy must be kicking himself that he screwed up by demanding more money to be in the Back To The Future sequels and is now remembered for his stupid idea he had to play a weirdo on the Letterman Show many years ago.This role must have taken real desperation to play . Now this movie could have been something , something decent that is , but two actors in this movie ruined it for everyone else . The first is an annoying stoner character who does nothing but smoke joints throughout the movie and saying stupid things . He is the type you want to see killed off as soon as possible , but they dragged him out and gave him some lame attempt at trying to make out the stoner is a kick-244 hero in waiting , who is going to save the day and seek out the woman he has a crush on , and it just ends in you rolling your eyes at the pathetic attempt they make for the audience to see there is more to him then a stoner with no future.Then there is Crispon Glover playing Simon . First off , the story behind this character does n't pay off , there is supposed ghosts or just weirdos who wont stay in that town that give the back story of Simon and his brother , in which the scene was not needed as there is no pay off later as to what the hell it was put in for other then some stupid way to tell the backstory , but done in such a lame way that it leaves plot holes open.Then there is the accent of this character . Plain and simple , it is either the most annoying and worst accent you will ever hear because it 's just that bad , or you just know Crispons voice too well that you do not accept it is his voice.The kills in the movie are not that bad , and the story itself was decent , but it is those two actors that killed the movie with there performance , that and keeping the stoner in 45 minutes too long.As I said before , it seems like Crispon is kicking himself for not doing Back To The Future 2 & 3 , as he trys to recreate a little scene in this movie like that of in BTTF when he lays out Biff . The same shot of the clenching fist is recreated in this film , but I did not see it as a calling card , or tribute , or homage to that scene , as more a desperate attempt at trying to add something to gain more attention to himself.All this movie needed was the stoner cut down early , and either Crispon replaced or have him play it in a way you can stand instead of laugh at how bad it is . And it would not suprise me if Crispon thought he was being artistic or innovative to play a character that is a friggen joke and badly acted while mostly everyone else put all there effort into there roles .
 Despite the fact that this low budget , B-movie Slasher has a `` star '' in it , I definitely was n't expecting a lot from this film when I rented it . It was perhaps a little better than I had expected , but still , this movie is n't good by any means . The plot of the film is n't that bad , but the execution of the idea is . The writing is poor and the acting , though I 've seen much worse , is n't great by any stretch of the imagination . Crispin Glover 's performance leaves something to be desired . The character he portrays is much too over-the-top and cheesy . However , I will say that the gore is decent for a film like this . And there are some good kill scenes ; one involving a dog got a big chuckle from me ! Nonetheless , there 's really not too many reasons that anyone should watch this film , unless your just a horror movie buff and have some time on your hands . Check this one out if you must , but I would n't waste my money buying it . A one-time viewing is all this movie is worth .
 I am still new to the horror movie genre , and maybe I 'm a noob at this . But , seriously the movie is nowhere near good . Crispin Glover does what he does best , I can recognize his psychotic face from a mile away and still run like hell . But , the story line and the graphics quality was disappointing . The first few minutes watching the movie I thought `` This is not going to go well '' but then I realize the name Blake Lively on the cover and was relieved . `` Thank goodness '' I said , but then I sat through the whole movie only to see Blake enter 5 minutes in the end saying a few lines , looking hot as usual , and capiche . End of movie .
 I like Crispin Glover and i am a huge horror and genre fan , but this movie was weak , really weak . I like movies sometimes that are bad , because they are bad in a way that is funny or even enjoyable . This was a movie that was bad and after it was over I say `` I just wasted an hour and a half -LRB- or however long it was -RRB- of my life on this crap ! ''
 Crispin Glover may be one of the most annoying actors that this world has ever seen . Do n't get me wrong ... I am not saying that he is one of the worst actors because he 's actually pretty good , but he is one of the most annoying ever . For instance , Glover was outstanding in the `` The River 's Edge '' , but he was annoying in that movie too . Same thing here in the ill-concocted `` Simon Says '' . With that being said , `` Simon Says '' is just a downright AWFUL movie with or without Crispin Glover . True , his character is ridiculous , but then again , everything is over the top about this movie , so what the hay?The sad part is that `` Simon Says '' actually has a decent plot . A group of friends go camping in the woods unbeknownst to them that a terrible crime was committed at some point in the past by some twins who are not mentally stable . Sound familiar ? Well , for those slasher movie connoisseurs like myself , it should . Remember a really good solid slasher involving twins called `` Just Before Dawn '' directed by none other than Jeff Lieberman . Now , that was a really good slasher . It had atmosphere , suspense , good kill scenes and excellent plot execution , solid acting and great use of setting . `` Simon Says '' , on the other hand , had no suspense , no atmosphere , no good kill scenes because they were too over the top , terrible plot execution , below average acting and terrible use of setting.The problem with `` Simon Says '' is that it is so over the top that it 's ridiculous . This movie does not even attempt to be scary , and no one could possible take it seriously , and the result is some lame attempt at dark humor , but it fails there too . This movie is terrible and is an assault on the eyes and intellect . It 's simply ridiculous !!! Do not waste your time on this trash because while the movie sounds good from a plot standpoint , `` Simon Says '' is so over the top that it simply can not be taken seriously . No one could possibly take a leap of faith or employ the viewer 's suspension of disbelief in this movie because it is so over the top that it sucks ! I mean flying mining picks ? Are you kidding me ? `` Simon Says '' is garbage .
 crispin glover completely ruins this movie . had a pretty good yet uninspired plot ... but still decent enough to stick with ... UNTIL about half way through and you seriously cant take him anymore ... this movie could of been a ton of fun but ended up truly sucking .
 Recently , my wife and I wanted to see a decent drama . -LRB- TV really has become the `` wasteland '' predicted in the 1950 's ; moreover , we did n't know that the 2005 version of Charles Dickens ' `` Bleak House '' would be re-run on PBS within the next few weeks . We 'd missed it last year . -RRB- So , we checked our old VHS collection and found we 'd taped the 13-part series , `` To Serve Them All My Days , '' from Masterpiece Theatre in the mid-1980 's . Our copies even included insightful commentary from Alistair Cooke . Remember him?At the end of `` To Serve Them All My Days , '' Mr. Cooke said an upcoming program would be `` The Good Soldier , '' a 1981 , BBC production . We did n't remember this one and thought it might be worth viewing , if it was anywhere near the quality of , `` To Serve Them All My Days . '' Stars of `` The Good Soldier '' were said to include Jeremy Brett , of Sherlock Holmes fame , and Elizabeth Garvie , who played Elizabeth Bennett in a quite entertaining version of `` Pride and Prejudice , '' in 1979 . Robin Ellis whom we also liked in `` Poldark '' would play John Dowell , the vacuous American husband and narrator of `` The Good Soldier . `` I searched the Amazon.com listings to see if `` The Good Soldier '' might be available on DVD . Amazingly , it was due to come out the following week . The reason I go into all this is to say we had every reason to believe that this production would be a good one , coming as it did from what we regard as the `` golden age '' of Masterpiece Theatre . What we got instead was disappointing.In all honesty , we did find most of the acting , scenery , costumes , and other production features of `` The Good Soldier '' to be fine . It was the story that let us down -- if there really is a story . From what we can tell , the saga takes place in the 9-year period before World War I , 1904-1913 . It 's possible , the author , Ford Madox Ford -LRB- who had changed his last name from the very German , Hueffer -RRB- wanted to return to a more pleasant era when he finished this piece in 1915 . This was shortly after World War I broke out . If the author also wanted to show how decadent and purposeless things were at that time he may have succeeded there , too.As I was saying , the story takes place about 100 years ago and centers on two middle-aged couples . One is English -LRB- Edward and Leonora Ashburnham -RRB- ; the other , American -LRB- John and Florence Dowell -RRB- . They meet at a German spa and get along so well they keep meeting there over nine ensuing summers . On the surface , they seem well-behaved , well-dressed , and friendly . But beneath the calm and elegant facade , Edward is a latter-day Casanova whom women find irresistible . He seduces one woman after another right under his wife 's nose , finally to include Florence , the wife of his friend John Dowell . -LRB- Florence has been faking a heart condition in order to reduce John to the role of solicitous keeper -RRB- . But when she sees Edward alone with his teenage niece , Nancy , Florence gets jealous and kills herself . When Edward ca n't have Nancy , he also kills himself . Nancy , who came from a broken home and was raised by nuns , then goes insane . Despite all this , John Dowell ends up with Nancy and becomes her keeper just as he 'd been for Florence.Some of the dialogue seems tongue-in-cheek , if not downright campy . One example is where Leonora accuses Florence of being a whore . Florence objects , but Leonora dead-pans , `` All whores say that . '' -LRB- Ironic since Leonora is supposed to be a devout Irish Catholic and sensitive about her faith and heritage . Also , she 's quite privileged and refined . What would she know about whores ? -RRB- Similarly , John Dowell seems to be especially gullible and naive all the way through the story , even as he narrates . In fact , he starts his narration with the quote , `` This is the saddest story I 've ever heard . '' John also says shortly after his wife 's suicide , `` Now I can marry Nancy . '' Maybe it 's supposed to be funny ? Maybe not ? We 're told in the analysis that the author wanted John to be `` an unreliable narrator . '' Oh well , at least we 're spared the Louis Carroll line
 This is the latest in the stargate movies , the plot is that the stargate has captured their most dangerous enemy and they are preparing the trial for the crimes committed , however he tells things will change , somehow he manages to change the time when the stargate was not found and the team was not formed as we all know.While the idea is very good , I 'm sorry to say the movie was profoundly very tedious , not as exciting as I hoped . So if you want alternate universes please check Star Trek Deep Space Nine or the books in which the idea is used.As this movie Sorry Stargate fans it is not worth it .
 I 've seen better episodes on TV . Forgettable , do n't even remember what it was about and it was n't long ago that I saw it .
 The movie was ok , as much as a let down as 200 was , but at least it was ok.Blu-ray on a decent TV makes this thing look like utter and complete crap.I returned it to the store to get the DVD because at least that does n't look as bad.The lack of quality on the picture makes me ashamed to be a fan .
 I did n't recieve the DVD at all , was really looking forward to watching it :-LRB- makes me sad ... . Wendy Johnson
 I am sure the story is fine , but the disk is imperfect , lost my packing slip and need to call to return it .
 I was disappointed.My wife , who is the big stargate fan , was also . She watched it a second time and said she was glad she bought it ... after being really disappointed on the first viewing.If this were the only stargate show , I would not have any desire to watch another.My wife and I had settled down to watch good entertainment and I really was not at all happy with what I saw . It seemed confusing to me how they were pulling elements from different times and trying to put them under a single time.Anyway , glad to give my opinion for what it is worth.Save your money for something that is worth watching .
 I was shipped two when I order only one ! The return menu did not have a selection that covered the return and I was charged shipping to return the extra item !
 And a slap in the face to the fans of this lame show!I have watched every episode of this series at least once ; some twice or even three times , if they are exceptional!But what I can not stand is being taken for a chump!I am not going to go into a detailed review of these two `` Straight to DVD movies '' . There are more than enough posts to cover the bogus , rehashed plot elements.I am briefly going to cover one important fact . The Stargate & Company franchise 's attitude to their viewers
 Not bad but could have been a lot better . Overall it was dissapointing . They could have at least noted what happened to the Ori after leaving fans hanging with the series ending . Not worth buying .
 the story is without a bunchline and not as good as the others stargates that I have bought
 My thoughts on this are really simple . Go to Google and type in `` SG-1 Movie Sneak Peak '' . Watch it . That 's all you 'll need to know . I sat through this DVD when the lights were out during Gustav . We 'd been without power for three days and watched it from a laptop computer . The whole family loves Stargate and we were desperate for entertainment.During the movie ... We . Were . Bored . To . Tears . I actually stopped watching at one point . Since I post my reviews on Amazon , I have to give it something . One out of five and again , that 's only because I have to cough up something .
 I love Stargate but both movies have been average at best , Continuum is just not very engaging the actors all seem like they would rather be someplace else , the core cast is woefully under used and the pacing as with The Ark Of Truth is completely off , worst of all the storyline has been done before and better in the series .
 When we viewed the blu-ray release of the original StarGate Movie ... we `` had to watch it again '' as well as the extras . `` It was so good '' ! Having missed the Stargate TV series and the second Stargate Movie we found that `` Continuum '' had almost an entirely new line-up of characters . Mr Bridges was back as the all knowing General though , but that 's about all.Made only for DVD and relying on special effects did not result in a good movie ... The Stargate Continuum movie we ordered from Amazon dot com still has to arrive at our house in Bandung Java . We watched it on BluRay hired from a local video DVD shop ... and it is hoped this is pure co-incidence . Amazon US 's customer care center tells us that both the Stargate Continuum order and another for 3 standard DVD 's were shipped via DPGM -LRB- most likely Deutsche Post -RRB- and that the problem might be with the Indonesian Postal service . Considering we 've never had a problem with the local labour intensive Indonesian postal people , I 'd be of the opinion that there has been a gltich somewhere else . DVD 's ordered via Amazon.co.uk arrive at our place within days from the United Kingdom . We 've given it another try for some more blu-rays ... fingers crossed I hope these will get here without `` going missing '' . Amazon in the US and UK have great web-sites and good service ... let 's hope those who are entrusted with delivieries will keep their act `` clean '' ! Stephen J FleayBandung Java Indonesiaformer correspondent for CBS/BBCfavenchi@yahoo.com
 I read all those wonderful reviews and then watched the film . I was disappointed and felt like another reviewer - let down.I have been a Stargate SG1 and Stargate Alantis fan for years . It was cool to see them together for a brief few moments but then it turned out to be another episode . Where was the originality , the interaction , the character development ? This movie could have rocked the house instead I went and made dinner . Returning to realize I did n't need to rewind . Admittedly , I did rewind the first time but then did n't bother for the second and third . I was getting bored.I wish it was more and I think the disappointment was in I expected it to be more than just another episode . Everything was so predictable - a cash cow.I am so glad I rented . I wo n't waste my money .
 I am a die hard stargate fan ... this movie was really bad ... wish that stargate would stop taking advantage of its loyal fan base by making this straight to DVD movies ... end the series or put in back on the air ... -LRB- i would have much prefered to pay $ 10 to go see on big screen vs buying the expensive dvd . -RRB-
 The original Stargate movie was pretty good , but I apparently missed at least one in between , because this one seemed to be assuming I knew things about the characters that I did not know . And to be honest , I could n't seem to care . For one thing , it involved time paradoxes that provided apparently random kinks in the plot . So much ended up depending on whether character 1 recognized character 2 , and vice versa . Again , dependent on at least one movie I missed , or on seriously poor writing .
 Could n't get into this . Ark of Truth was so much better , it served a purpose in the SG-1 time-line . Continuum , was just another episode of the show , rather contrived I might add . Seeing Claudia Black as Quetesh was one of the highlights . This movie really should have served to add more back story to the characters , revisit a storyline like -LRB- `` 2001 '' or `` 2010 '' -RRB- or advance the SG universe like finally having full disclosure . Basically I 'm glad I waited to buy until it was half price .
 A very predictable thrown-together movie to make a few more bucks from an otherwise outstanding series . Better than `` Ark of Truth '' , but not much .
 The producers of this franchise know they have a great fan base , but now after several years of making an intelligent and entertaining sci-fi series I think they 've given in to intellectual laziness . If `` Continuum '' is the new standard of what we -LRB- the fans -RRB- can expect to see in the future from this franchise , then they should just stop making these films now . The plot to `` Continuum '' is silly , the narrative -LRB- the story and how it is told -RRB- is completely bland and devoid of life . It was as though all these characters we have come to know , suddenly had their souls written out of the script .
 I watched this movie hoping for closure to the franchise , and it delivered . But it still lacked that typical SG-1 zing to it that leaves a philosophical thought or critical sequence in your head for days . This movie shows great potential , but ultimately it acts as only a closer , giving no real satisfaction to the watcher . Hardcore SG-1 fans will enjoy this movie , but if you 're not a long time fan or only watch the show occasionally , may as well give this one a miss . Due to a seemingly crammed together and rushed storyline .
 I 've seen every Stargate SG1 and Atlantis Episodes and movie.The reason I did n't like it was the one thing I loved about the shows that for the most part , they were clean . This one had a couple almost goryscenes . Not to mention the swearing was like star trek 4 and 5 , were all of the sudden your Heroes of many years start having potty mouths , it 's so unnecessary . I was looking forward to an all new sg1 were they tackle something new , not a rehash of the same old thing . It seems like The industry is turning to the Dark side again with the success of an over the top Dark Knight being so succesful , the feel good adventure will need a comeback . Please bring the SG1 team back for a good adventure !
 I purchased Stargate continium and when I received it they sent me Steel magnolias instead I have contacted the company 3 times anf =d after 3 weeks I have heard nothing I will not purchasing anything through Amazon again or its partners
 I was let down by this movie , I 've read the other reviews and I can understand how people are excited by seeing their favorite characters back again , but personally I think they are over-rating this film and not being critical enough . Do n't get me wrong , its ok but that 's about it , it would have made a good two part episode but not a great movie . The problem here is they are adding a little extra for effects or going on location and just selling episodes as movies at $ 16 to $ 20 . So what were my problems : Length - this was too short for what they wanted to accomplish . They could have added an hour to this and really added to the plot . If I 'm going to buy episodes of Stargate , I at least want to feel like I 'm getting enough for my dollar.Subplot - The subplots were stupid , Mitchell 's grandfather just so happens to be the captain of the ship carrying the stargate in 1939 . Yeah that 's believable , your audience is n't stupid and that subplot added nothing to the overall film , it was a complete distraction . Oh , and of the entire Armed Forces to just happen to be at the North Pole training - It 's Jack O'Neill , yeah ok again your audience is stupid and you 're the smartest script writers in the world . Give me a break.From TV to Movie - I sense a lot of the problems with this film , and potentially future films is going to be coming from an overly excited crew that are getting to do more making a movie than they did making a TV episode . They seem to be more concerned with their locations and adding cursing to the script then they do about the quality of the plot and script writing as well as directing the acting . The whole `` we filmed it in the artic '' means nothing , you get one scene of Sam and Mitchell walking across the tundra and some aerial shots , big deal nothing makes up for a good plot or at least spend more on the special effects . This is even becoming a formula for the Stargate movies , let 's pick a cool location , and then have one or two of the character just walk while we fly around filming them and we can add an orchestra piece and that 's really going to impress the audience , or are we impressing ourselves while making the film . The problem is they are impressing themselves not the audience , it just slows down the film for the audience and the film is already too short for that , spend the time with plot development not impressing yourself with the location . They think if they can impress us with their cute stuff , but nothing , nothing can replace a well thought out script and thoughtful dialog . ** spoiler ** There are two examples of this that drove me crazy , one was when Jack is killed by Baal , do n't you think after 8 seasons of building up the Carter/Jack relationship she might start crying or freaking out and then when Daniel falls through the ice is frost-bitten and they have to leave him behind to die , do n't you think that might call for an emotional moment or some great final words before you leave a beloved member of the team to his death . No we only get Daniel saying , `` Bye , '' that 's it ... great script writing , well thought out . This is why this movie needed to be longer , this why they should n't focus so much on location and cute curse words , so you could fully develop the plot and script.Richard Dean Anderson - OK most of us thought he was going to be a major part of the story , hello , why would n't you make him a bigger part of the story ; he was the bedrock of the series . Instead we get a couple of unremarkable cameo appearances , with goofy dialog and no substance . That was a let down , especially since you advertised him so heavily as being in the film.Effects - I really was expecting more effects then what we got . I thought there was going to be a great battle scene in space or cities getting blown up , but not really . It was a big let down for a short movie without much action , just the film makers trying to impress us with location , or planes and subs , etc. . It was n't great.I 'm getting ripped off - Bottom-line , I love SG-1 , I 've seen every episode , but I really want thee show back ... I 'm not going to keep running out to buy these extremely short films . It 's a marketing scheme . I 'm sure they are making a lot more selling these DVDs then producing the show . I 'm done buying the films . They just are n't worth it . Put the show back on the air or why do n't the `` movie makers '' just make a sci-fi stargate mini-series at least you would have time to fully develop the plot . Anything is better than making your fans buy these films , or make better planned out films .
 I should have gone with the DVD . The image quality on this is the worst of any Blu-Ray in my collection . It looks like a DVD , actually . That said , it bogs down my HTPC more than any other Blu-Ray in my collection . It stops , lurches , and the sound gets really out of sync . It also flips out completely for a few frames here and there and displays a randomly colored pixelated image.The movie itself is a good rompin ' episode of the sci fi classic . But save your money and get the DVD.UPDATE
 this was pleasent and satifying fluff . It 's always worth while to watch Baal 's machinations , but it would have played better as an episode.Sorry I ca n't say more .
 I like all the stargates . But this one and ark of truth are way to grainy they look better on standard dvd . Other then that it 's another great stargate film .
 I just watched the DVD at home on a widescreen honking TV . I suppose that if I had been `` lucky enough '' to have been at the rare viewing -LRB- s -RRB- in the theater , I would have had a better experience . I found the movie to be tired , predictable and the outcome a tad too convenient . I would have liked to have seen the asgard in this one ; I wo n't say more lest I spoil it . The actors did a good job , but the writing was a bit blah.SEMI SPOILER ***** Having seen the short premier interviews of the actors , I would have to agree that it would be nice for SG1 to visit some more exotic or at least different looking planets . We 've been seeing a lot of the same old things . I also do n't buy Teal ` c 's simple decision making . In the early days , we know how long and how much it took to turn his head , so to speak in Children of the Gods . And yes , there was n't much time , but then if I were in his shoes I would have do n't what he did if I were in character.I would give this 2.5 stars if I could , but I feel a bit cheated after having to wait for one of the only two copies to be returned to the video store . You 'd think that some day the fact that the gap is closing between the big screen and home release would make it to the people who decide how many DVDs end up on the store shelves . Bad move Hollywood Video and Family Video ! On the other hand , I 'm still glad I saw it on DVD rental for $ 3.00 instead of buying it .
 when I first read about this Movie 's plot I thought that it sounded familiar , I mean after all changing the time line so the gate was never found had been done before in the series , in fact not too many years ago . they just put a different spin on it . I watched anyway not expecting much and gladly I was not disappointed.The movie was rushed and it was flat , it felt like they wanted to make a movie but had no idea what to do . my Wife who has been watching the series since the very fist episode , walked out 20 minutes before the ending , when I asked if she wanted to see the end she asked `` would it make a difference ? '' and I have to agree with her.besides the story being unremarkable and tired there are the usual array of nits . I wont get into all of them because I dont have enough minutes in my life to recount them all but the crux of it for me is
 Not for my taste . `` Stargate
 The quality of the image compression was the same as the up-converted DVD of Ark of Truth I just watched a few days before . There was no comparison in watching the Arctic scenes -LRB- so-so -RRB- vs Planet Earth Blu-Ray -LRB- great -RRB- . Not sure why they 'd even release this as blu-ray unless they 're pulling a fast one.The story had holes in it bigger than the gate itself . When time changed , people were disappearing like Back to the Future style . poof ? The paradoxes are ridiculous . . like why is Baal able to travel back and stop the stargate from arriving in the US . if he did that , he would n't know about Earth in the first place . where did Baal get Anubis 's ship ? how did Daniel 's leg reappear ? why make mitchell the hero ? you 'd think for a $ 7mil budget , they 'd pull a better script together.I think the only thing I enjoyed was Vala as a villain .
 This movie includes all of the traditional `` Stargate '' favorites , from Jack O'Neill to General Landry , but without the humor that made the series so enjoyable . It plays as though the writers and the director had a checklist instead of a script . Quip for Oneill-check , Brilliant insight by Carter-check , Moral stance for Daniel Jackson-check . None of the elements are truely integrated . Watching this convoluted tale was a large disappointment .
 The trailers make `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' look like it could be a charming and enjoyable family comedy . But now I wo n't know , because Disney has decided to ignore a large portion of the DVD market , namely the people who established the format and buy more DVDs than any other group . Of course I 'm referring to DVD customers who prefer to see the entire film the way it was made , in its theatrical aspect ratio . Instead of presenting `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' in 1.85:1 widescreen , as it was framed for and as the trailers show , Disney has decided to do a Fullscreen-only release . Well , Disney could n't be more out of touch with their customer base , as they 're losing the business of myself and several others who feel that films deserve respect to be seen in their proper ratio . I definitely would have rented it , which very well could have lead to a purchase , but instead , I 'll pass this up for a family DVD that is presented in its proper ratio . It 's a shame too , because Larry Miller is one funny man , and I looked forward to seeing Alex D. Linz 's and Robert Carradine 's performances . If you enjoyed this movie , I 'd recommend holding off for a widescreen DVD release . If you did n't like it , then there 's really no reason to consider renting or buying anyway . I really would love to buy this DVD , but Disney does n't realize that Pan & Scan is fine and dandy for VHS , but not for DVDs , particularly when the future is clearly 16:9 widescreen television sets . If this release is indicative of Disney 's Big Move in thinking that DVD customers want fullscreen , they 'll be saving me -LRB- and many others I 'm sure -RRB- a lot of money . I 've got no problem with people who prefer to watch Movies in Fullscreen , but there is a major problem , when there is no choice given to the consumer , and we are unable to view a film in its original , unedited form .
 Funny , funny funny ... Unrestrained junior academic high jinks that will have your 14 year old , -LRB- and not to mention , YOURSELF -RRB- sprinting violently out of the room and into the streets screaming loud uproarious praise for this once-in-a-lifetime masterpiece . This little jem of a purchase is a must for anyonetired of the usual hollywood fair . The character of Mark is by far the biggest scene-stealer in this shining cast of adolescent thespians ! I have seen the glorious future and it has a name
 KIDS WILL LOVE IT . ADULTS WILL THINK IT 'S KID 'S STUFF . I CA N'T SAY I HATED IT . BUT IT 'S DEFINITELY FOR THE NICKELODEON CROWD .
 This is only avalible in full screen . Its lack of a proper aspect ratio . Disney is totally ignorant in this issue . When disney decides to release this in its in 1.85 anamorphic widescreen then I will buy it .
 ... . You do n't have to be a brain surgeon to figure out what happens next.A movie that is loud , clumsy , empty-headed , totally unfunny , mean-spirited & full of moronic supporting characters ; MAX KEEBLE will appeal only to the most simple-minded of children . Amazingly there are FOUR writers credited here ! Their combined creative genius even sees the biggest cliche of high school movies trotted out yet again
 Here 's another staggeringly unoriginal and unfunny kids comedy from Disney , where the future of the film is set up before the screenwriters type one word of it up
 This 52 minute video is nothing more than 8-10 minutes of bad content on a loop . It is a video of one woman doing sing-along style songs . Any claims that this is a `` Sign Language '' video are dubious at best . There are very few real American Sign Language signs , so few as to be pointless . An episode of Blues Clues has more signs . I feel ripped off , and I did n't even pay any money of out my own pocket -LRB- I was using $ 15 in free Amazon Unbox credit from a promotion -RRB- . Stay away from this video at all costs . I highly recommend Signing Time , which is n't yet available from Amazon Unbox . I hope it will be soon ; I 'm going to send the makers of Signing Time an email asking them to get their content online .
 I 'm very , very sorry to say this , but THIS MOVIE IS RIDICULOUS . THERE IS NO PLOT , NO MORAL LESSON , NO NOTHING . I can understand the part how Sam and Emma switch teams because they were upset with how they were placed , but after that it was like , hello ? Where 's the rest of the story ? The acting was pretty good but the actual plot -LRB- or lack of it -RRB- totally stunk !
 You think that since these girls had done so many movies , they would have least done something more original than the `` twin '' switch . They would not have been as successful as they are if they were not born twins , but they should still be more creative . I did not like this movie , and the acting was not good at all . It was a huge disappointment .
 This movie had bad acting . The dad is dramactic and corney . The mom is just corney , and all of the soccer coaches are acting like it was big pro sports championship . The olson twins were corny but entertaining to watch . This movie is unrealistic that Emma -LRB- ashley -RRB- and Sam Mary Kate were on 2 different teams . -LRB- It 's a rule that siblings be on same sports team -RRB- This movie has bad quality actors and a unrealistic plot .
 Perhaps I 'm just reacting to how old this is , but I found it to be boring . Yet I 've watch others made in that time and they are still enjoyable and very interesting . I could n't get into this one at all and felt that I was about three or four steps ahead of the plot all the way along .
 First of all , I highly recommend people be very careful ordering a movie with no reviews and/or no details about the release . This movie The Whistler is NOT even a full length feature film . It is a very short 60 minute movie that someone made for next to nothing over one weekend . Also Amazon should have noted this DVD is not a regular DVD release but a DVD-R cheaply made movie . In all honesty this release is something I would see in a local store for $ 1 and I would not even give it a thought . Absolute junk and I feel ripped off . Shame on Amazon for selling this trash ...
 I have seen several versions of Emma and enjoyed them . However , this one is my least favorite . The actress who plays Emma rather grated on my nerves and I did not enjoy her performance at all . I would not recommend this one .
 It was n't terrible , it really was n't . Yes , it 's got the usual sub-par production values and theater-like acting custom from the period dramas of the time , but I 've thoroughly enjoyed other adaptations made in the same way . Despite its length , it made a few changes to the story -LRB- such as making the Dixons a couple who wanted to hire Jane ... ? -RRB- that puzzled me . And it felt slightly boring and draggy at times as well . But I think the main reason I could n't connect with it was the actors . Or really , one main actress - Emma herself.She was my main problem with the series . I just could n't connect with her at all . She came off as much older and more mature than the Emma of the book . I was shocked to read she was only 22 at the time , because I would have guessed her to be at least 30 . I think it was the way she spoke - a very clipped , fakey aristocratic accent . At least I hope it was faked and that she did n't really talk like that in real life ! I never saw any real emotion from her - it was all so artificial.This is really one adaptation that I found so boring a lot of the time that I could n't even find enough to say about it . I ca n't really recommend it except to complete a Jane Austen collection .
 Anyone who knows the book knows that Emma is susposed to be about 20 years old so why do they have an acress playing her that looks like she 's between 40 to 45 years old?Isn ' t this actress in this 70 's BBC made version a little too long in the tooth to be playing a young woman in her early 20 's ? Buy or rent the Gwyneth Paltrow or Kate Beckensale versions instead . They act good in their versions and are young enough to be believable as Emma.PS
 Honestly , I 'm shocked that this production has received such high praise . I enjoy the book , but this ugly , drawn-out thing bored me to tears ; this production proves how important it is to * adapt * a book to the screen , rather than pedantically act it out scene-by-scene , word-by-word . The sets are bad , the sound is worse , and I 've seen better-looking costumes at high school productions.I enjoyed Donald Eccles as Mr. Woodhouse , Fiona Walker as Mrs. Elton , and Debbie Bowen as Harriet Smith , but loathed Doran Godwin as Emma . Emma is supposed to be 21 and beautiful , not 31 and weird looking . I know that that sounds a bit shallow , but movies are a visual medium , and poor Godwin has a long , scrawny chicken neck and is slightly pop-eyed . She just creeped me out.Austen fans should probably watch it , just so they can say that they watched it , but I recommend borrowing it rather than paying money for it .
 painful . Neither Paltrow nor Beckinsale were perfect either , but this one was appalling.This movie is packaged in 2 cassettes , and I could n't even make it through the first one . Where do I begin ? The hair was awful -LRB- especially Mr. Elton 's -RRB- , the casting was awful -LRB- Jeremy Northam will always be Mr. Knightley to me -RRB- , the costumes were awful -LRB- zippers , anyone ? -RRB- . I hung in as long as I could to see what they did with Frank Churchill , but I just could n't go on . So sad ... My feeling about a good adaptation is that it should make you want to run out and buy the book . I 'm glad I 'd already read Emma 4 or 5 times because this movie certainly would not have made me desperate to read the book . I probably would have run screaming in the other direction.I did like their take on Mr. Woodhouse though . Thank Goodness for small favors !
 Doran is the worst Emma ever . She 's completely cold and looks like a preying mantis . This was distracting because I kept expecting her to rip off Mr. Knightley 's head and eat it . There is no chemistry at all between Emma and Mr. Knightley in this film . This version was very close to the book , and many of the other actors are quite good , so it 's a shame about Doran . Watch A&E 's Emma instead , with Kate Beckinsale . This version is not be as true to the book , but Kate does a much better job of portraying Emma 's complexities than does Doran or Gwyneth .
 While this version of Emma is probably the most faithful to the book , the Emma we get is a woman whose face is frozen in what seems to be a perpetual startled stare . What a distraction every time she was on screen . And Harriet Smith was a cowering country bumpkin who was simpering and cloyingly annoying ... ugh ! It is only because the rest of the cast was so good that I give this version of Emma 2 stars.If you want to see an Emma worth watching , buy the Gwynneth Paltrow or Kate Beckinsale version .
 This version of Emma is just all swrong.Emma is susposed to be about 20 years old and the actress playing her in this movie looks like she 's between 40 to 45 years old.Definitely too long in the tooth to play a young woman!Get the Kate Beckinsale or Gwynith Paltrow versions instead ! They act good and are young enough to play Emma and the costumes they wear are way better !
 Tedious , with inferior casting , costumes , and sets .
 Three criticisms :1 . The narrator did n't explain the phenomenon of Waterpocket Fold .2 . $ 3.00 for ten minutes ! 3 . Cheesy coloration .
 SPOILERWell done and heartwarming in spots but actually a vehicle for subtle propagandizing in favor of Planned Parenthood , the largest killer of babies in the country . If you go to pro life sites like priestsforlife dot org and read stories by former abortionists and their employees , about what it is actually like to work in an abortion mill such as Planned Parenthood , you will see how completely unrealistic this movie is . Abortion providers are nowhere near as openminded and helpful as the doctor in this movie . Tearing babies limb from limb day in and day out , day after day , for years , ruins a person spiritually , so they ca n't act so kind , relaxed , unassuming and empowering -LRB- `` you have options ! '' -RRB- like the doctor in the movie . I know this from personal experience.Abortion clinics do n't stay in business unless they push abortions on the women who go there . For example
 Worst video ever !!!!! Do n't waste your money . Poor poor video quality , people walk in front of the camera shots . The video has bird , frog and other various sounds that have nothing to do with the bird or animal on the poor quality video . You wo n't like it , your cat wo n't like it , and that is an understatement .
 I have been trying to find videos I can play on my Amazon Prime Roku box for my kitties . I have one really great video , Feline Frolics , which I Highly recommend . This one , however , is terrible . It starts out with a bunch of ducks and goes on and on and on and on . . with the ducks . The sounds are ok but get very annoying after awhile . They have , of all things , a turtle . -LRB- blinks -RRB- I am not sure why they have a turtle . . They also have a crocodile . . and only 1 short scene of an aquarium !! ~ and that one was at the end . The scenes are entirely too long to keep my cats attention and are exceedingly boring . I am SO glad I did n't purchase the full version . Do not waste your money ... . Amazon please find more cat movies to show on PRIME . . I love the Frolics one !!!
 For a film called Unspoken , there sure is a heck of a lot of dialogue in the script . In fact , that dialogue is basically the whole film . `` Some things are better left unsaid '' -LRB- the movie 's tagline -RRB- , but these characters say everything they want - and do not want - to say before this story finally winds down . I can not say I enjoyed the experience . In fact , the film seemed interminably long , and the three main characters can be quite annoying . Watching Unspoken was like being trapped in a small room with three people I really did n't like . I did n't care what happened in the end ; I just wanted to be free of these of these characters who were sapping my own will to live as they roiled in their own personal Armageddon . I also found the film itself to be pretentious . It opens and closes with a montage of images and a narrator posing deep philosophical questions about the meaning of life , but the story answers no questions and clears no philosophical hurdles . Unless the whole point of this film is that existence is futile and meaningless , in which case mission accomplished . Even the film 's origins work against it . Writer/director Marc Clebanoff made this film as a stepping-stone , with the purpose of showing potential investors for a film he really wanted to make that he was capable of making a feature film.I actually thought this would be an interesting movie , what with five people stuck in a room together as they prepare to commit suicide . Who are these people ? How did they come to be here ? Interesting questions , and they remain questions because the film offers little in the way of answers . All we know is that something really bad has happened to the rest of the world . Our characters apparently ca n't or wo n't leave the two rooms in which they have holed up - yet , they are n't exactly hiding out either , as they routinely make a lot of noise yelling at each other . What they can do is put an end to their suffering , and that is what Brandon -LRB- Justin Allen -RRB- , his girlfriend Katie -LRB- Ashley Jensen -RRB- , and Brandon 's brother Guy -LRB- Matthew Siegan -RRB- decide to do . The guys ' father and younger brother are also there , but they are somewhat peripheral -LRB- although not unimportant -RRB- to the main story . Before they take their little red pills , though , Guy and Katie want to get some things off their chests . Of course , since `` some things are better left unsaid , '' this leads to confrontation , deep emotional conflict , and increased misery -LRB- especially for the hapless viewer -RRB- . I had no idea what was going on outside in the world , but I kept hoping that whatever it was would force its way into this room and put me out of my misery by killing these characters - or , at the very least , shutting them up . They are certainly in no hurry to commit suicide , even after they make that decision . They just go on and on and on and on . To make the whole experience even more exasperating , I could never understand the final line of dialogue in the film , and there were no subtitles to help me out . Maybe I 'm being a little hard on Unspoken , as it certainly represents a committed effort to show what the end of the world might be like for a small group of people powerless to overcome their fate . The problem is that it just is n't a very compelling or enjoyable film to watch .
 Unrelated stock footage , annoying repetitive sound effects galore , filler , inane sensationalized commentary , and more filler ... if that floats your boat then give this ridiculous excuse for a documentary video a whirl , otherwise , avoid it like the plague .
 Ok , might be worth it to learn how not to make a training video . Gary spends the whole 60 minutes in front of a green screen used as a backdrop for the whole show , talking to the camera . He does spend 15 minutes or so setting up a steadicam , dropping the monitor half way through -LRB- comical value -RRB- . That 's about the only practical demonstration he does . The video suffers from lack of use of the very media it 's trying to teach .
 I got all four Discovery HD DVD 's . Brazil and China work fine on my ToshibaA-2 . Italy and Australia do not . I returned them to Amazon and the replacements did not work either . Then I started reading and found many otherpeople with the same problem which is caused by a coding problem with thesetwo disc 's . These two will go back tomorrow . It 's a shame Discovery did sucha poor job making sure these disc 's were playable especially considering howfew different models of HD DVD Players there are out on the market .
 These videos are fantastic from a documentary perspective , but someone on the manufacturing crew screwed up the Italy & Austrailia disks . DO NOT BUY until the problem is fixed ... you 'll just have to send them back .
 I purchased this DVD with much enthusiasm only to find that it dose not play on my combo bluray/HD player.I send it back for replacement and it still would not play and had to finally return it all together.It seem from reading other reviews this is typical of this title -LRB- or series -RRB- . Do n't waste your time buying this DVD .
 I only wish that more time was devoted to the natural beauty of Italy and its cities , towns and natural coutryside , particulary in the north , as opposed to horse racing , auto racing etc. .
 I have done some researching online and found out that these 2 HD-DVDs have been recorded in a different way from the Brazil & China which do work . DO NOT ORDER this product until they have created a working batch . I have also spoken with Discovery Channel and they advised they are aware of the problem and are trying to get this problem resolved . I was advised to return the product from where I bought it and keep checking back with them . Be very cautious who you purchase this from . You dont want to order a defective title and then not be able to get your refund . The only ones working at this time as mentioned above is Brazil and China , you should be ok ordering those .
 When I selected the DVD Discovery Atlas
 I received this HD DVD twice . Both were defective as neither would even boot .
 I just updated to the newest firmware -LRB- 1.5 4/12/2007 -RRB- and the disc is now PLAYABLE in my XA2 . Big relieve for all I hope . Review of the source to follow .
 After a tremendous amount of research , I was able to get to the bottom of the issue w/the HD version of Atlas/Aust . Revealed . I have confirmed that a firmware update is available from Toshiba players that will resolve the playback issues . A Microsoft update is currently not available but will be soon .
 Read the reviews about this disk not working . Figured they were old reviews and had fixed the problems . Very disappointed in that they are still selling this defective disk . Brand new XBox HD DVD player refuses to boot with this .
 Do not order this DVD . It does not work . The HD player will tell you that it can not load it -LRB- error message -RRB- after 10 minutes of trying . Looks like everyone else has had this problem as well . I called Amazon for a refund and recommended that they pull this item . It DOES NOT PLAY .
 Disc will not work with the 360 hd dvd player . Returned the product and received a similar non-functioning disc .
 I have been having the same problems described with the Atlas series . I have returned the entire set 2 times . I have updated the firmware on my Toshiba HD-A2 and it DID NOT solve the problem . I also took the disks to a local electronics big box retailer and they DID NOT work . I am not having this problem with any other disks . I purchased directly from Discovery Channel Store and the reps there are very UNknowledgable of the difference between the different formats and say to this date they are not show any problems with them . They use a fulfillment house that is the pits in my opinion . They say level 2 customer service which is supposedly The Discovery Channel is unaware there are any problems . They point out that the reviews on the TDC website are good . I explained that those reviews were of the DVD edition not the HD DVD edition as most of the reviews were before the release of the HD DVD version . I directed them to the Amazon reviews as they are per individual product not product grouping . Hope this gets resolved because PLANET EARTH from TDC will be GREAT !!! in HD DVD . Should have bought from Amazon like I do everything else , 30 % less expensive and better service .
 Not the thing I thought it was . I wanted the colors of Italy . This is n't it .
 This is a real yawn fest . After the main character walks in front of her place of work for the 100th time and says the same `` catch phrases '' a 1,000 times , my eyelids could not control themselves any longer . The DVD extras were n't much better . There was a makeshift documentary about Morrissey fans and commentary from people involved with the film . I do n't even know what they did or who they were but the makeup artist sticks clearly in my mind . I do n't think the main characters were even in the room for this `` special feature . '' Boring and Lame .
 I 'm serious . I ca n't believe I paid my hard earned cash to buy this movie . I should have been paid for the torture and wasted time . Now , I ca n't even get $ 3 for it at a store that buys used DVDs . It 's not fair . Down right bad movie .
 This movie is atrocious !! It took away several -LRB- or at least FELT like several -RRB- hours of my life that I will never ever get back . I really am a Morrissey fan , but this movie makes a mockery of all things Moz - and not in a good way.Don ' t waste your time with this one . Honestly , the only individuals who might moderately enjoy this film are family members & close friends of those involved in the making of it . The writing is bad & the `` acting '' is even worse . Do n't waste your time . I ca n't say it enough ! It 's an embarrassment and just AWFUL in every sense of the word . Do n't waste your time - SERIOUSLY ! I took one for the team on this one . Save yourself !!!
 I saw this in a little theatre in Manhattan , hoping for a more polished , Morrissey-rich experience , but this was a pretty sub-par affair - and frankly it 's annoying to see a film this poor with even decent distribution . Terrible camerawork and spotty acting over-all . Bad editing and annoying Cali pop-punk soundtrack , only saved by the presence of Quasi . I was really disappointed - when people put such little effort and inspiration into something , and they get support , one less person with a real vision gets heard . It was occasionally worth a laugh , but overall I found myself angry at the Gods for opening up the Pandora 's box of indie films without keeping the hacks out . We have enough of those in Hollywood .
 This movie , made by Andrew Overtoom , came to my attention from an article in Video Business magazine . In that article , I learned three key points that made me quite interested in the movie : *** Andrew Overtoom is a director of Spongebob Squarepants . *** Overtoom came to be inspired to make the movie based on learning a co-worker of his spent the night outside trying to get tickets to a Morrissey concert . *** The great critical reviews I read on this movie.Also , the fact that I love indy movies and Morrissey were also key factors in deciding to get this DVD.And based on those factors , I bought this DVD without ever watching it first , and I just watched it first recently . It was quite a disappointing experience.First , I associate Overtoom with contemporary , quirky humor that appeals to a broad demographic . While I certainly was n't expecting Spongebob type humor in this movie , I expected something a bit more intelligent than your average movie . What we get instead are insults to intelligence and the humor often fails to hit the mark.Second , I knew she would never really meet Morrissey in this movie -LRB- though maybe she did , depending how you interpret the scene in question -RRB- as Morrissey declined all of Overtoom 's invitations and requests to appear in the movie and to have his music included in the movie . What I did n't expect was that we would get a movie that just as well could have been about her obsession for Jay Leno or Martha Stewart or any other celebrity imaginable . The fact that this is about Morrissey is null and void and has nothing to do with the movie.Third , given Overtoom has previous experience , I expected something a tad more polished . I did n't expect a perfectly made movie , but I 've seen better home made projects at conventions and also posted on the Internet . This movie is n't a great indy work , and it does n't even rise to the standard of a good home made movie . It 's horrendous in both the over acting and the actors who just stand on screen and are completely forgettable . Does n't Overtoom know at least ONE qualified actor in the business ? Apparently not . I am surprised that he could n't get some of the more talented voice actors to work on this movie -LRB- like Comic Book the Movie , a great indy movie everybody should see instead of this -RRB- . In short , this movie does n't celebrate Morrissey fans , and it makes a mockery of the proclaimed Morrissey fan it does portray , and in the end , the Morrissey fan trades her fandom for another celebrity . It 's not about the fans , it 's about sick people who are over obsessed about something they think is perfect and they think would make their life so much better . This movie could have been used with any celebrity as the object of desire because it 's not about the fans of that celebrity but about the obsession and sickness of the fan.I understand Overtoom delivered a copy of this movie to Morrissey 's house , and left it on the lawn , as he did not answer the door . I can only imagine the horror Morrissey felt to see his image used so poorly in this movie -LRB- I am especially thinking of the sex doll scene , among many others . -RRB- I would have been embarrassed to think Morrissey saw this if I had made it.I give the movie ZERO stars , and I give the 30 minute bonus feature about Morrissey fans on the DVD one star .
 I saw this movie in the theater about 4 weeks ago . It , by far , has to be the worst movie I 've ever seen.The acting is bad.The plot is thin . -LRB- Hello !?! A lesbian rape scene ? -RRB- It serves as the perfect `` How to stalk Morrissey Guide . `` I suppose this film was supposed to be a farce . It fails miserably . I laughed at places where there was supposed to be no laughter . I just could n't help thinking that Morrissey would absolutely cringe upon seeing this film.I think it 's great that Morrissey fans are going out and creating art , but this film misses the mark.Props to Jose M , who stars as Morrissey . He always looks good .
 This is the most painful 85 minutes that you will ever sit through . The movie sucks . Nothing about it is funny , just stupid . I think I could make a better movie with my camera phone . stupid .
 First off , if you are drawn to this movie as a Morrissey fan , please spend your money on `` Oye Esteban , Introducing Morrissey , Hulmerist , The Malady Lingers on , or Live in Dallas . '' If you are a B-rate movie fan , spend your money on John Waters , Ed Wood or anything other than this film . I consider myself one of the lucky ones . I was given this DVD as a gift and therefore do n't feel bad for wasting my money . Oh , my god was this a bad one ! Not good bad or weird bad or indy bad , just bad . I read the reviews on this film and thought to myself , `` I consider myself a Morrissey fanatic . '' I have tried some pretty pathetic attempts at trying to see him or throw notes to him on stage and became interested in the movie . I thought I could be empathetic toward the main character , since I have gone to some extreme measures to try to meet Moz . He is an attractive , talented man . I understand that fans get obsessed with him . However , this movie had nothing to do with that . In fact , it did n't have anything to do with ANYTHING ! The movie feels like some hack director got some free equipment and a makeshift crew together to make a long , excruciating , horrible film . How do films like this get distribution ? I do n't understand it . I 'm guessing we wo n't be seeing anything from the likes of the director ever again . Thank the lord !
 I would like to give this movie no stars but it was not an option . Do n't be fooled by the indie reviews and look of this film . It is HORRIBLE ! I 'm a huge John Waters fan and enjoy camp and `` bad '' movies . Even John Waters would be bored with this one . The director spent too much time on looooong shots and scenes that go nowhere . Repetitive dialogue from the main character also gets annoying . Too bad ! The movie could have had great potential but failed at the hands of an un-creative director .
 this movie has not only a horrible story but has NO smiths/morrissey music at all and the guy who plays moz doesnt even look much like him even though they cover his face in shadows . the longer i watched this movie the more i though how much of a waste it is to watch/buy/think about ... anything ! it sucked ! do n't buy it . dont even bother seeing it . believe me .
 I rented this film because I 'm a huge Morrissey fan . I knew nothing about it , but was excited to check it out nonetheless . I am usually not one to write scathing reviews , but I must agree with the reviewer who stated that this was one of the worst movies he or she had ever seen ... Very rarely funny , My Life With Morrissey is a mixture of stupid ideas , redundant jokes , bad camera work and poor movie making . While watching the film -LRB- and I did force myself to watch the whole thing -RRB- I kept thinking , `` If this was a college film project and these were my friends , I would probably find it humorous ... But I do n't know these people , so it 's just annoying . '' It 's not that I 'm some humorless Morrissey fan upset about the portrayal of Moz and his fans , it is just that the movie is simply not good . If you REALLY want to experience this movie , by all means rent it -- do n't spend your hard earned dollars on it ...
 I was completely disappointed in this `` film . `` This film was LITERALLY put together by Spongebob Squarepants studio assistants and was a complete waste of my evening . Not funny , not humerous -LRB- other than 4 lesbian high-schoolers and the main character 's ex-boyfriend who is friggin ' hilarious in the few scenes he is in -RRB- , and nauseatingly slow-paced . I wo n't go into a long description , but essentially , some girl is totally obsessed with Moz and stops by some of his old haunts in an effort to find and marry him . She is an outcast and made fun of by everyone.The extras are actually more interesting than the movie ! Clips of Moz conventions and psycho-fans are pretty funny . The extras actually have a couple of Moz photos/distant video-cam clips.I LOVE Moz but HATE this movie . Please , borrow it , rent it , or steal it but DONT waste your hard-earned cash on it . You will be disappointed . And remember , MOZ IS NOT IN THE MOVIE !!!
 I read the reviews before ordering the movie and chose to disregard all the negative feedback and order it anyways . I made a mistake . It is n't the worst thing I 've ever seen , but it 's pretty close . I would n't be as upset about it being bad if I had n't spent money on it . I am a huge Morrissey fan , and this movie did let me laugh at myself a bit , which was nice . But overall she could have been obsessed with any other star , the movie did n't actually have much to do with Morrissey . If you know someone who owns this movie or can rent it , please do that instead . I do n't regret seeing it , but I do regret spending money on it .
 Summary : Jackie -LRB- Jackie Buscarino -RRB- is arguably the biggest Morrissey fan in the world . Her apartment is a shrine -LRB- quite literally -RRB- to Morrissey and all she can think about is being with him . Her life consists of going to work at some dead end , nameless job , and hunting down Morrissey to get him to marry her . These two elements and their eventual clash are pretty much the entire movie.At some point in her search for Morrissey Jackie is given a tip that he may have been at some bar . When she goes there looking for him , she ends up finding a tofu hot dog she believes may have been his . Upon this realization , she then performs fellatio on the hot dog as though it were Morrissey . Eventually someone shows up , whether or not it is actually Morrissey is never really revealed and drives her home . But the important part is that she thinks this is Morrissey.This event sets off some sort of trigger in Jackie 's mind which leads to her ultimate descent into insanity as she now believes she is dating and engaged to Morrissey . Her fantasies begin to merge with reality and she eventually ends up in a mental hospital.My Comments : Sometimes I joke about how a movie is painful to watch . Generally I use that reference metaphorically . This movie was not metaphorically painful to watch , it was intellectually and emotionally painful to watch . There is only one redeeming quality about this movie - I actually got to the point to where I was laughing at how incredibly stupid it was . No , I was n't laughing at the pathetic attempts at humor . I was n't even laughing at the people that were laughing in the film . I was simply laughing because the movie was soooo bad that the only way to cope with it was to laugh.So , how was the acting ? Have you seen ` Plan 9 From Outer Space ' ? This movie made the acting in that one look like the acting from ` Road to Perdition ' . It really was that bad . There was n't one good character . Jackie Buscarino should be blacklisted and forced to take a job like the one her character had ; never again should she even have a part in a film . The rest of the actors seemed to be actual employees that worked where Jackie worked . They either over-acted , or did n't act at all . It was abhorable . The cast should be locked in a room and forced to watch ` Charlie 's Angels
 I 'm a big fan of off the wall movies . When I read the reviews I thought this would be a great movie . I really did n't pay attention to the negative ones . The description was interesting and the cover art made it look like this girl was over the top , and would be fun to watch her . It was the WORST movie I have ever seen . It was 30 minutes into the movie before I even laughed , and that was the only laugh of the movie . I was hoping it would just end , it was so STUPID ! I waisted my money big time ! I 've never reviewed any of my past purchases , but after watching this I had to warn people . My only recommendation is try to watch it first before you buy it . I guarantee you wo n't
 Allow me to summarize this film for you.A self-centered , rude and unlikeable Morrissey fan licks Morrissey posters and basically deludes herself into believing that she is going to marry him.I understand that the film is intended to be funny and over-the-top , but the humor is merely vulgar and mean spirited.Before someone accuses me of simply not like Morrissey or of being a victim of Hollywood formula , let it be known that I am both a huge Smiths/Morrissey fan and an admirer of independent films . Despite these facts , I could n't bring myself to enjoy any aspect of this film .
 Production quality aside -LRB- I allow a little leeway for independent films -RRB- this movie was possibly the worst movie I have even seen in my life . After reading other bad reviews I was ready to dismiss them and attempt to enjoy My Life with Morrisey . I am a Smiths fan , but did not care if Morissey was in it or not as long as there was a good storyline to follow . Boy was I wrong . The only thing worse than the script was the acting . That was 125 minutes of my life that I will never have back . Save yourself the time and headache and get a different movie .
 Yeah , it 's kind of over-the-top funny , especially in the way it portrays the character of a rabid Moz fan -LRB- we 've all had to stand in line with them , and we 've all safely watched from them afar as they tear his tossed shirt into tiny shreds ... -RRB- , but as a movie or a comedy , nothing quite says `` low-budget '' like this movie . Seriously , it takes about 35 minutes worth of something that would be good sketch comedy and stretches it out into an eternity . This makes `` Joe Dirt '' look like Oscar material . Find someone who has a copy and borrow it -- the original owner wo n't even care if you fail to return it . Better yet , save your money and just go buy another bouquet of gladiolas .
 How on earth did anyone find a reason to give this total waist of time and money anything more than one star?A ` nowhere man ' enters a drug trial that makes him think he has super powers.Looks like it was filmed on a home cell phone.Drug company tries to silence him to save money.Grass makes you think of pizza.Camoflage makes you immune to a hit and run.If this post seems a bit disjointed , you are getting a sence of this senceless plot.DON ' T WAIST YOUR TIME OR MONEY .
 Maybe this movie is okay for the art-house crowd , or those interested in mental illness , but for me , it was just plain boring . Did n't do a thing for me . Unwatchable . I 've seen worse , but wish I 'd known what type of `` comedy '' this really was before we paid for the rental.Not recommended .
 This movie is for you if - -LRB- a. -RRB- you are over 20 and still read comic books -LRB- b. -RRB- believe that someone would believe that taking a blue pill would make them a superman -LRB- c. -RRB- then spend their life trying to enact their powers contrary to all reality telling them otherwise -LRB- d. -RRB- find humor in the situations that people with reduced mental functioning find themselves -LRB- e. -RRB- and do n't know that , unless distorted , the reality of such individuals is too mundane for a movie -LRB- f. -RRB- and that some cheaply made movies are not made to convey an altruistic message but to make money .
 I like Michael Rapaport , but this movie disappoints . The plot is flat and confusing at times , not to mention boring . I do n't mind slow movies if they have a point , but this one does n't . And he does n't really fight evil as I expected after reading the description . . all he really ends up doing is defending himself . The part where he 's locked in the bathroom all night is just plain ridiculous . I mean , obviously if someone is beat up within an inch of his life , the girl would have called 911 for him , right ? And Alexandra Holden 's stutter was totally unbelievable . I 've liked her in other roles I 've seen her in , but she does not pull this one off . Two thumbs ` WAY down on this one.Oh yes , And I agree with the reviewer who said they were glad they did n't buy this title . I feel the same way ... even a penny would be too expensive for this crude film .
 Horrible movie . I did n't even finish watching it . It reminded me of a low-budget B-movie and that is being charitable .
 I found this movie slow paced . The plot failed to catch and keep my attention . I am glad I did not buy this title .
 Poor acting , silly plot , and bad writing ! The first one was not so bad ... went down hill from there . Not worth your time .
 Ralph Lamb was no hero . He and much of his family were corrupt to the core , even a member of his own Mormon religion said that . Further he was never responsible for getting rid of the mob in Vegas , that was done by the feds . Lamb and the Metropolitan Police Dept were considered so corrupt that the US Attorney and FBI would n't even share information with them .
 my wife bought this . and she downloaded it and the quality was bad it flickered and was in black and white . it was n't the whole episode .
 Amazon.com does n't tell you whether or not any of the episodes you purchase contain the music performances , no matter how much i liked . i primarily downloaded the episode because i wanted the MUSICAL PERFORMANCES , not the rest of the show ! I finally downloaded the episodes and i can confirm that it does not contain any of the music performances on that particular episodes , which is a great disappointment .
 This video is missing one of the funniest SNL sketches of the episode , `` Monex '' the fact that NBC Universal has deleted content from this episode should be CLEARLY marked so you know what you 're getting . Additionally , it should not be priced as high if they 're removing content . What 's up with NBC preventing people from seeing this sketch ? Did they get sued by Monex ?
 This episode is missing the Kristen Wiig gold commercial parody . I do n't know why it got edited out , but it 's not there . Do n't buy this .
 This episode never downloaded in its entirety and , unable to correct the problem , purchase price was refunded . I 've not tried further downloads for this reason .
 This is another in the `` Midnite Movies '' releases from MGM -LRB- double sided disc -RRB- and in my oppinion the best film here out of the two is the 1959 production of Invisible Invaders , starring John Carradine.However this film has got to hold some kind of record for killing off it 's name star within the first three minutes of the picture ! For that 's what happens to poor John as one Dr.Noymann in a radiation accident.After his funeral he rises from the dead and visits a friend Dr.Penner , played by another veteran actor Philip Tonge -LRB- the department store manager in Miracle on 34th Street -RRB- . Penner is told by his old friend that he is indeed dead but his body is inhabited by a creature from outer space who , along with many others already there , plan to take over the world.He is given the opportunity to warn the worlds ' powers but no one believes him.Eventually the aliens are forced to take drastic action which awakens the world to their presence.Dr.Penner , his daughter , her boyfriend and an air force Major Jay -LRB- John Agar -RRB- take refuge in a mountain hideout to come up with a solution , as the world is at the brink of destruction at the hands of the alien controlled undead.The solution arrived at is a sound ray that forces the entities to leave the host bodies and then die.Earth one , aliens nothing.Carradine and Tonge bring their combined acting experiences together which helps an otherwise tepid movie.Because of them the movie at times can appear better than it is.It does move along relatively well and it is a decent little time waster.Unlike the flip side movie here , Journey to the Seventh Planet.Journey puts the `` bad '' into the B-movie . It concerns a journey to Uranus -LRB- the 7th planet -RRB- . While the credits roll the rocket ship is passing Jupiter , then Saturn.Come the opening scenes of the film , we see Mars and the captain asks their location.The response is that they just passed the moon and they should be coming up on Mars ! Maybe they liked Uranus so much this movie is about their second journey -LRB- ? -RRB- . No matter , just before they land an alien energy/mind force freezes the crew , explaining it has plans to take over their minds and bodies and destroy them.They land on the planet and discover a breathable atmosphere and the landscape is forested.Upon further exploration they discover they are in a protective force barrier outside of which is the real atmosphere of the planet.They also discover that the creature is making many of their thoughts and desires come true , and where male astronauts are involved there has to be some females to amuse them , which dutfiully appear along the way.Outside the barrier they finally discover the creatures ` lair and they hurt it enough to escape in their space ship.A real head scratching moment comes -LRB- and there are many ! -RRB- as they board to leave.Outside is waiting one of the captain 's `` mirage '' women and for some reason he takes her aboard.All along he has been warning the others to keep their distance , that they are n't real and should be avoided ; yet he does that !?? Well just after take off the `` mirage '' lady becomes just that and disappears before the crew as background music swells up as that chart topping tune of the day `` Journey to the 7th Planet `` plays.Who 'd have guessed ? This plot is SO weak , the acting so stilted and the aliens so mundane that you wish this MOVIE had gone to Uranus and stayed for the duration.John Agar from Invisible Invaders also plays in this stinker too and adds to the dullness from begining to merciful end.Both films are in remarkable shape technically speaking , however.Invaders is in B&W ; -LRB- full screen -RRB- and Journey is in colour in a nice widescreen format.Both prints are very good and quite clear and crisp.Unfortunately this ca n't extricate this release from its ' two star fate.Invaders is the most appealing of the two with Journey falling far , far behind.I can only see this having appeal to the most compleatist of Sci-Fi fans out there or those who have a tinge of nostalgia for one or both of these flatulant flicks !
 but if you 're lucky , you 'll fall asleep during this plotless wonder of a movie . It is the WORST ! It 's so bad you ca n't even laugh at how awful it is ! It just stinks ! Who allowed this movie to be made ? It 's a wonder Greg Kinnear ever got another job after he was in this sickening mess of a movie ! I ca n't believe I spent $ 7 to see this in the theater . Yechhhhh .
 While he was filming another movie in Toronto , we went out and bought this horrible movie so we could get him to sign it . You know what he wrote ? `` I Hate this Movie . Greg Kinnear ''
 I enjoy a good romance film as much as the next person , but this dreadful film is so forced that I could barely sit through it . Greg Kinnear who is usually very good is flat as a pancake along with his irritating co-star Lauren Holly . There are a few scattered moments -LRB- mostly from Joan Cusack -RRB- , but not not nearly enough to get this awful film off the ground . I rate it 11/2 stars because I was somehow able to sit through this lazy comedy with no romance to be found .
 I made the mistake of seeing this movie in the theater tried hard to get my money 's worth . It was impossible . The dialog was so contrived and mindless . There was not a laugh to be had and the chemistry between Kinnear and Holly was nonexistent .
 I generally enjoy watching old movies , but this is not one of the good ones . While Hitchcock managed a few decent movies , I think he was LARGELY overrated.The story is thin , attempted humor is more annoying than funny -LRB- as is Peter Lorre -RRB- , in general the writing is bad and the acting not so great . Our war spies end up getting credit for a job they could n't / did n't even do - they were pathetic and so was the whole setup which makes the USA look foolish and incompetent . In fact , the more I think about this movie after watching it , the more I dislike it.I can not recommend this movie to anyone . Sorry .
 This is a story with a modicum of drama except for a small dog -LRB- surprising given the starry nature of the human cast -RRB- , close to nonexistence suspense , and muddy sound recording compounded with hard to understand dialog -LRB- English accents and all that -RRB- . Gielgud 's performance as the hero is mostly one dimensional -LRB- when you can understand his delivery -RRB- ; as the heroine , Carroll 's `` acting '' ranges from chatty to zombie ; and Lorrie 's delivery is over-the-top ham -LRB- and , quite frankly , an embarrassment -RRB- as he portrays the `` good-guy '' killer . All this is in marked contrast to the achievements of the fourth principal performer , Robert Young . Young provides an acting tour de force as the subject matter of the film . He makes the film his own!There are some gee-wiz -LRB- for the time , 1936 -RRB- special in-camera/editing effects which were then fast becoming -LRB- and would continue to be -RRB- a Hitchcock trademark.Not one of Hitchcock 's masterpieces , but not one of his disasters either.WILLIAM FLANIGAN , Ph.D
 Maybe I am too much of a realist , or am spoiled by contemporary movies , but there were things about this film that were just too illogical . To begin with , what was the point of faking Edgar Brodie 's -LRB- John Gielgud -RRB- death so he could be sent out as a spy for England ? Supposedly his death was faked because he was well known . After his funeral , he was given a fake name and passport and sent off on his mission . Why not just simply give him the fake name and passport without the fake death ? There was no point to it . Furthermore , would British intelligence really send out someone like the character Madeleine Carroll played -LRB- Else -RRB- to do a dangerous spy mission ? -LRB- She had no stomach for the dark arts of espionage , and even questioned that the German spy was a spy because he was so `` nice . '' -RRB- Would British Intelligence really send out the fake couple Mr. and Mrs. Ashenden -LRB- Gielgud and Carroll -RRB- without any training ? And as for the ending , Peter Lorre putting down the gun next to Robert Young was just too stupid .
 WARNING ! WARNING ! WARNING ! The transfer quality of this DVD `` SECRET AGENT '' is discusting . This is the 21st century , the digital age . With the latest transfer machines on the market there are no excuses for studio 's churning out rotten transfers . Before you buy this disc , ask yourself if you can sit through an unwatchable image . Good old `` Hitch '' would turn in his grave if he knew what was happening to his precious movies . A warning should be posted about the rotten transfer of this disc and I have just done it ! DO N'T BUY IT . DEMAND BETTER QUALITY !
 It is hardly worth commenting on the quality of the film , in this case , since the DVD is so terrible . The packaging states that the film is `` restored and enhanced '' . Baloney . It also claims that the DVD contains a whole heap of special features . Double baloney . It contains none , not even an interactive menu . The sound and vision are probably as bad as I have ever seen on a DVD . You can watch this film on You Tube and enjoy better quality . Amazon should not be peddling such rubbish .
 Only for fans of Hitch . Very dated for today 's audience . Slow pace and confusing character development , especially Peter Lorre 's `` General '' . Stiff portrayals and a surprising lack of suspense . Where 's a Macguffin when you need one ?
 I want to be sure to let all of the Amazon members know that this DVD would not play in my DVD player . I purchased three Hitchcock films from this distributor and only one of the three DVDs actually played . This one did n't , so buyer beware !
 I love horror movies , I love slasher movies , but the movie has to be watchable . `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' is not even watchable . The acting and directing are both horrendous . I blame the Director more than the actors though because he certainly did not require much of his cast . Honestly , I have seen better acting in an 8th grade school play than I saw in `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' . The funny thing about this movie is that it had a decent plot , but the execution was just horrible and the script was pathetic.Basically , `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' is about a group of young adults who wish to earn some extra credit in their class -LRB- not sure what kind of class it was , but I digress -RRB- , and if they investigate this supposedly abandoned insane asylum , they will get their extra credit and maybe even more than they bargained for . Well , it just so happens that two mentally ill patients remain in the asylum . One just stands there and seems harmless , and the other , Smiley , is n't so harmless . Well , one by one our stupid kids get knocked off in various unconvincing ways , but there is a twist to our horribly acted movie . Could there be a connection between the psychopathic killer and one of our unsuspecting kids?Indeed , `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' seems like a good movie based on the classic slasher style plot , but because the acting is so atrocious , the script so stupid and the direction is so pathetic , this movie is unwatchable in my opinion . It is that bad . The acting is so wooden , generic and bland that it 's not even funny . The action is lifeless , uneven and mundane . There is absolutely no atmosphere or suspense whatsoever in this movie , and when you get this combination , you get a terrible movie . Do n't get me wrong , I love slashers , and there are plenty of low budget slashers that cost a lot less than this one that are good movies , but `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' is clearly not one of them . In short , while it may be best not to look in the cellar in this movie , it would be even better to not give `` Do n't Look in the Cellar '' a look at all .
 Player 5150 is close to the top of my `` Eject Immediately '' heap of flicks.It 's a wonder to me how a movie like this gets past a pitch meeting ! Maybe an explanation is the lowering cost of actually making a movie - something excruciatingly evident in the low-budget look and feel here . A patchwork of cliche-rich dialog and awkward borrowing from other films , this DVD is barely watchable . NoPushover recommends not gambling on this one .
 I have n't seen this movie yet ; i just rented it from Blockbuster . I would , however , like to review the prior review ; R.Bagula . Just what is that review supposed to mean ? If incoherence were an art , you 'd win a prize . Aside from bad grammer and nonsensical sentence structure , it degenerates into just a listing of random phrases . I 'm not sure , are you talking about the movie or your dimwit friends ?
 Yeah , I get it . If you 're gay , there 's no happy ending . That seems to be the message at the heart of most dramas centered around same-gender attractions . I wo n't list any spoilers , but I found the end of this film not worth the long , convoluted journey it takes getting there . Despite a promising start , Tong -LRB- Mario Maurer -RRB- is a doof whose frustrating indecision made me want to scream . The layers of dysfunctional family drama adds a lot of dialogue and confusion , but there 's no real message , no real sense of overcoming . I was looking for a twist , a turning point , but the movie just crawls on down the same , worn rut , dragging your heart along with it to no fulfilling resolution.Films -LRB- and books as well -RRB- like this do little more than wag a finger at gays and say , `` See , that 's what your life is going to be - suffering . '' The fact that there is no gay hustler character and the film does n't end with a suicide is a step in the right direction , but to me , it 's a small consolation . This film twists the heart , but in the end , leaves you depressed and unfulfilled .
 This budding romance is a bit ... slow . I was a bit disappointed with the story line but then again , I find it quite difficult for Asians to do a well coming out or coming of age story . This is my opinion . I would reccomend that you save your money and not view it .
 I like films with a Christian viewpoint , however this is n't it . I think this was supposed to be a Christian film , but it was so hokey and poorly acted that if there was a message here , it missed me . The actress who played Lisa did a decent job , but the other three young people trapped in the room ... wow ... Their acting school needs to lose accredidation . The doctor doing the research was stiff and unbelievable . The terrorists were ... Well , if their intent was to kill off Christian viewers who are dying of laughter , they might succeed . Those accents were hilarious . The film had possibilities but it was just done so poorly . I say skip it . Go stick hot bamboo slivers under your fingernails instead .
 I think the plot of this movie was the difference between being loving and being selfish in an unberable and confusing situation . The plot and Christian perspective was a bit limited and could have been further developed . There were a few special effects that occured with more frequency as the movie progressed . These were better than I expected , but could have been better . The whole movie seemed a bit amateurish but I appreciated the Christian perspective it portrayed .
 This is an historic film version , but the print I just purchased from Amazon is of very poor quality . If you go to Netflix , a much better print can be viewed streaming -LRB- and it 's free to Netflix subscribers -RRB- . This version for sale on Amazon should be retired . Amazon , please do something !
 1 Star for the DVD , 2 for the director , 3 for the cast
 We were dissapointed to discover that the DVD that we got was the same format and picture quality as the original VHS . I believe there is a restored version , we streamed a good quality full screen version from Netflix and I will be looking for this on DVD .
 Falsely advertised
 This play is so much fun , but you would n't know it from this static , phoned-in production . There are some good actors here , but it feels as if someone said , &#34; You 're acting in film , so just pull it way back . &#34; Dull , lifeless . Find the very fun 1968 RSC film version directed by Peter Hall -LRB- also with Mirren , but this time as Hermia -RRB- and see that instead.Beware
 The 1968 BBC performance of `` A Midsummer Night 's Dream '' was terrific . Unfortunately , as others have noted by others here , the quality of this reproduction of that performance is abysmal . Absolutely abysmal . THe color is uneven and faded , and the sound uneven as well . It is most unfortunate that this fine production by a sterling cast should be so degraded in this edition . This is a movie which really is in want and need of a proper treatment.This version is not such a treatment .
 very odd version . wanted to show my english class and that did not work out well . good for a few laughs , however .
 I guess because it was offered to me as `` free '' my Amazon Unbox viewer became corrupted and I was unable to re-install . I expect better from Amazon .
 Could Water Bearer Films have found a print in worse condition ? With weaker , more faded color ? There is a note on the back cover that the `` Digital color enhancement '' has been copyrighted - that 's enhancement ? And on top of it all it looks like a poor copy of a VHS tape . The wretched quality of the picture ... and the sound as well ... make the DVD virtually unwatchable . A 1968 film should n't look as bad as this . I guess we 're just supposed to be grateful that the film is available on DVD - thanks , but no thanks , Water Bearer .
 I just received the DVD today , and watching it was very disappointing . It 's only 1.9 GB on disc . There are double images throughout most of the movie . It 's a 4:3 frame size rather than at its 1.85:1 original size . Do n't buy this Synergy DVD !
 Plan 9 from Outer Spacewas an Oscar-winning performance compared to this dread of Hollywood . Actually , I 'm a gigantic fan of `` Plan 9 '' but I could find nothing whatever here to whet my usual fancy for almost all of the older black-and-white horror films.From the opening credits , -LRB- which was reminiscent of some minor reprobate holding a cheesily scribed piece of poster board because it sort of `` moves around '' -RRB- , I sensed that this one was n't going to make my Hit Parade . Then in the very first scene , the viewer is hilariously treated to a gal -LRB- who was ugly enough prior to make-up -RRB- who 's wearing a pair of those paraffin buck teeth that we use to buy at the candy store back in the 50s for a nickel , punctuated with the furry eyebrows of mouse-hair rivaling those of Martin Scorcese on a bad hair day.The devastating uppercut came with a performance by Page Cavanaugh and His Trio , which the director clearly viewed as a big plus for his film . I 'm inclined to not share his enthusiasm for that threesome of un-renowned musical geeks.I realize that this is `` troubled youth in the '50s Drive-in '' fare , and the movie should be viewed tongue-in-cheek ... but an aardvark does n't have enough tongue for this one . Of course it features bad acting , a moronic script , marginal camera work , and all the rest . But that 's not why I especially hated it.Here 's what you will not find in this film
 Alright , folks . This is one of those films . Adjust the rating depending on your preference . If your looking for a GOOD Horror movie than apply the one star review . If your a masochist and/or a bad film nut than give this a full five star review!Frankenstein 's Daughter -LRB- 1958 -RRB- was the brain child of Director Richard Cunha , a director who could have given Ed Wood a run for his money as he directed some of the most hilariously awful Horror pictures of the 1950s including She Demons -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Giant From the Unknown -LRB- 1957 -RRB- and Missle to the Moon -LRB- 1958 -RRB- . The idea for this film must have sprang from the idea that since Frankenstein already had a son -LRB- Universal 's 1939 , `` Son of Frankenstein '' which was a GOOD film -RRB- why not make a film about his daughter ? Well , Cunha and his writers made the same age old mistake of confusing the doctor 's name with the Monsters ' . So instead of a Crazy , foxy female scientist we get what is supposed to be the female Monster of yet another insane male scientist in the family.This Frankenstein is played by Donald Murphy in one of the hammiest mad scientist roles of all time . Murphy 's Frankenstein is a lecherous , megalomaniac creep who likes to hit on young , hot jail bait , which he either drugs them with a serum that makes there faces look like a bad halloween mask or run over them with his car , which after there curvy , voluptous figures are magically transformed to resemble that of a muscle bound man!Murphy plays the role to the hilt and it 's a shame that his supporting cast does not share the same enthusiasm.John Ashley does his best Wooden Indian impression as a hapless boyfriend of Sandra Knight , who is equally bad . Knight only amuses when popping out of her tight , black bathing suit . Veteran actor , Felix Locher may have been the worst elderly actor of the period , hamming it up to a degree that would shame even Murphy 's eye rolling!This film features many of the most unintentionally funny moments in genre history including the horrendous make-up designed for the Monster , which according to Hollywood Legend WAS supposed to be a sexy , female Monster but instead -LRB- and quite improbally -RRB- became hulking actor Harry Wilson -LRB- ! -RRB- who is not remotely attractive and/or female.Sandra Knight is briefly turned into a oatmeal faced Monster who runs around with her bathing suit on -LRB- ! -RRB- causing a newspaper headline to describe a `` Bathing suited Monster on the Loose ! '' . The death scenes are CLASSIC bad cinema including some guy that gets crushed in a door -LRB- what is he shouting before the Monster crushes him ? Is it `` Ma ! '' ? -RRB- and the admittebly violent demise of Murphy 's character who gets gruesomely scalded with acid by the worst miss in Hollywood history , courtesy of Non-Hero John Ashley.I should probally also note that Harold Lloyd Jr. is in this film singing a very bad song and telling some terrible jokes , not quite on par with his gifted father.And with that note , please proceed at your own risk Movie Maniacs and enjoy this stinking piece of Trash cinema from the Golden age of the Drive In Movie . Just do n't say I did n't warn you normal folks ahead of time .
 Let 's face it , this is not a good film . But it is undeniably fun , due to the outrageous situations , ripe dialog , and at least one good acting performance . As the lecherous and totally rotten mad scientist , Donald Murphy is very effective , and it is surprising that he was not in more films . And as the sincere elderly scientist , Felix Locher is terrible , but enthusiastic . Director Richard Cunha injects a few nice touches here and there , but you have to look closely to catch them . And did anyone on Earth ever watch a film like this in the hope of hearing and seeing two crummy rock - & - roll numbers performed ? The most amusing moments are Dr. Frank 's instant `` explanations '' to conceal the fact that he has built a monster in the basement , and that it is now walking around the neighborhood . -LRB- The one about a lost puppy is priceless . -RRB- Worth a look for horror fans .
 With it 's demented make-up , acting and -LRB- of cource -RRB- soundtrack , FRANKENSTEIN 'S DAUGHTER remains pure , talky trash . Dr. Frank -LRB- Frank , Frankenstein , GET IT -RRB- is a scientist who wants a daughter and -LRB- suprise ! suprise ! -RRB- , he kills off one of the film 's bitchy charactor 's and turns her into a hideous looking monster . For a long time I 've been a fan of trash cinema , I 've even written a book about it and I found this one pretty hard to take and I 'm sure I 'm not the only one . Still , if FRANKENSTEIN 'S DAUGHTER appears on late-night TV , it 's worth staying up for ... just to see how bad it is !
 **** MAJOR SPOILER **** DO N'T READ IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO KNOW **** Before I invested time watching this , I wish I had found a review saying there was a death of a major character at the end . I would n't have bothered , it was n't that good anyway . Maybe this review will save someone . Giving it 2 stars because I 've seen abyssal films that only deserve 1-star , and this is not that bad .
 If the producers knew anything about Deaf Culure they would have picked an actual deaf actress to play the role . It is not only offensive but is not even remotely realistic in showing what deafness and deaf culture is like . It only shows a helpless deaf girl who magically hears after getting a cochlear implant . Come on . It takes 3 months to heal after the surgery and even get the thing turned on and then years of speech therapy etc for it to be successful , IF its even successful . The actor was cute , I 'll give them that much but is n't it time to let the Deaf act for themselves .
 Crap crap crap crap crap crap crap . As in a Festival of Crap . As in craptacular . As in a movie that would make Plan Nine From Outer Space look like Fellini and Dunston Checks In look like Woody Allen 's finest creations . I personally can not imagine how anyone with the IQ of a rhesus monkey would give this movie two stars , let alone five . I 'm guessing that the cast members desperately e-mailed their moms and begged them to write bogus reviews on Amazone . Either that or an army of zombie reviewers , the clones of Rex Reed , are out there on the loose , writing wildly enthusiastic reviews of anything that was shot even remotely in focus.I mean , if someone ever told me they liked this movie , I would immediately begin looking for their lobotomy scars . Shall I number just a few of the reasons ? 1 -RRB- Miserable , whiny music throughout the entire abomination that makes the Free Credit Report Dot Com band sound like the freaking Beatles and Rolling Stones all rolled into one . 2 -RRB- Terrible plot with too many twists and turns -- and yet completely and utterly predictable at the same time . 3 -RRB- Cardboard characters , with Cybil Shepard playing a crazed mother , probably channeling her on-screen rage by thinking of her agent and wondering how she was roped into this woofer . 4 -RRB- Possibly the worst dialog I 've ever heard in a movie . Honestly , I 've seen third grade Christmas pageants with better lines.My God . I can not believe I watched this craptacular thing , and am seriously considering divorcing my wife for choosing this on Netflix , no matter how many times she apologizes to me . Mind you , I NEVER write movie reviews on Amazon , let alone dish the dirt on ones this bad . But I feel I have a duty to humanity and to you , my fellow movie enthusiast . Listen To Your Heart will be 100 minutes of your life that you 'll never get back again , precious time that will be better spent watching another movie , helping the poor , mowing your grass , rearranging your sock drawer , or even downloading midget porn for your later satisfaction . Anything but this . You 'll thank me . Trust me on this .
 The cliche 's :1 . The supportive wise black friend ,2 . The overbearing to the point of unbelievable mother3 . The hero is perfect , has higher ideals than Jesus4 . When he goes into convulsions on the floor , I thought , here we go , he 's dying of cancer , sure nuffWorst movie I 've seen in a while , then again , I 'm not female , nor under the age of 16 .
 There is handicap and deadly disease , poverty , alcoholism , loss of a parents during childhood and super abusive mother . All that topped off with great love and forgiveness . Little bit overdone even for my -LRB- romantic -RRB- taste .
 The synopsis for this film was so intriguing I had to rent it.After watching it , I ca n't decide which was worse - the writing or the acting . I 'm going to have to go for the writing , since clever and creative writing very , often saves shoddy acting abilities . Oh wait , there was also painful musical numbers . Wow , this is a tough one . I 'll stick with the writing.What could have been a very interesting premise , was shot down by glib , cliche , canned and mediocre dialogue . It started out with a glimmer of hope and quickly sank in a pool of woes . Think of it as a one hour and forty minute cross section of a really bad soap opera , then throw in some really bad music and singing and that about covers it.Poor , yet heroic waiter with aspirations of being a song writer meets beautiful , rich deaf girl with a monster , control freak mother who does n't want them to see each other . Once that turmoil is resolved then one of the characters instantly comes down with a terminal illness with all the typical scenes that go along with that . No , I 'm not kidding.Best to say it 's a mix of `` Fame '' within the setting of `` The Days of Our Lives '' and an ending laced with `` A Walk to Remember , '' without the eloquence , depth or talent of either . If I could take back my rental fee I would . AND they are trying to recommend the musical CD that goes along with this film ! That would also have to be a NO.Next ...
 I 've lost all faith in reviews . I 'm one of the most generous star-givers out there , and I could not find anything good about this movie . I chose it based on reviews , but I just ca n't believe that anyone , let alone a majority , could give this 5 stars . Beware of this one unless you like sappy , poorly acted , unrealistic films , with really bad music . I hung in there until the end waiting for it to get better , but it just kept nose-diving deeper and deeper .
 This was n't that great a movie , this is an examble of a stinkier sequel . This movie though is a lot less gorier than the original two . This movie did have some hilarios and cool moments and humor , I like some of the movie even though the story was n't thaaat good . So it 's OK if you like Robocop movies . Get the popcorn and pepsi it 's starting .
 This one looks like a childrens super hero atmosphere , because the writter of this one thought that kids would want to see it instead of grownups . Unfortunately this one was a box office flop .
 What happened ? I thought the first two were classics but this was just plain -LSB- not good -RSB- . RoboCop 's fight with the samurai toward the end was OK , but did not save this movie from being terrible . If you want something real entertaining then pick up Die Hard , all the James Bond films , both Terminator films and the first two RoboCop films . They are more worth your time and money than this .
 This movie just plain ... If you are a fan of the first two you will be sorely disappointed by this installment . It looses its sci/fi roots and edgy humor and just becomes cheesy .
 This movie was bad . They should have stopped with the 2nd one . It 's very boring . The script was bad and the direction too . There 's nothing to say about it . Just that it 's bad .
 The first and second Robocop films were great . I loved the over-the-top action and humor elements in both films.Robocop 3 is a pure , unadulterated disaster . First off , it is way too tame -LRB- a PG-13 rating ??!! -RRB- . Second , the `` plot '' is completely ruined by the introduction of the `` cute little kid who is a computer whiz '' character , what a travesty ! Third , the movie is actually boring ; a boring Robocop movie ! I could go on and on , but why bother.They dare to put this garbage on DVD ?
 Come on ! Rated PG-13 !? This is why the movie was stupid ! They made Robocop act funny and dumb . What happened to Peter Weller the orginal Robocop !? The story in this movie is lame but the only credit I give this movie is the fact that Robo has the new weapon which connects to his hand and the flight pack .
 what went wrong with Robocop ? The first two are violent and watchable but this one is a disappoint and is only entertaining to a point .
 what went wrong with Robocop ? The first two are violent and watchable but this one is a disappoint and is only entertaining to a point .
 This was the worst of three movies , because of how they messed with the violence , and made the movie PG-13 . What made the first two movies good was the great gore that made them feel more realistic then what was presernted here . Here there is no gore , but very little action scenes with almost no physical violence at all . This was the worst mistake that Orion made , because as a result this movie flopped with just 10 million at the box office after being shelved for two years , and took down the entire studio with it . Peter Weller should 've been in this movie , because it would 've been alot better movie . Some people say that this movie is better than Robocop 2 , because it has less violence , and focuses more on the story which is true as it does so , but overall this movie is nothing more than a major disappointment .
 When a movie has dialogue like , `` I thought your ninja was supposed to take care of RoboCop ! '' , it ai n't gon na be Citizen Kane . It wo n't even be a good RoboCop movie . But if you must indulge , look for the strings holding up RoboCop when he flies . Yes , I said look for the strings holding up RoboCop when he flies .
 `` Ahh finally , robocop 3 '' was the first thought that popped up in my mind as I sat down in my room to watch the movie . I loved the two first movies -LRB- Peter Weller is awsome as Murphy/Robocop -RRB- and I was really excited to see him in action again , wearing the metal plated armour suit ... But wait a minute ? What is this ? No Peter Weller ? Damn , well hope I live through this ... I barely came out alive of my room that night ... This is perhaps one of -LRB- maybe the worst -RRB- `` 3rd movie in a series of good movies '' - films I have ever encountered ... The Plot is bad , probably written by a five-year old child , the actors disgusts me , reminds me of bad soap-opera acting , and the whole thing smells like a movie for children ... I can only say one thing about this movie
 Trust me , this film is not worth your time.In the first Robocop the violence was extreme and had a wickedly dark twist to it . Even in the second film there was at least some excellent action sequences . The third film , however , is just Hollywood cashing in on a successful series!The plot is both simple and see through and the characters lack any real depth . Where before RoboCop was a lone ranger style character , who we feel sorry for due to his situation , he is now merely just another comic book hero.A lesson in how to ruin a good action/adventure film concept .
 Awe man ... Why Anne ? She was kinda pretty ! Any ways ... . so the Robocop name was kinda wasted on this one . Although the robot ninjas were kinda nifty and it was a nice little addition to bring back ED209 . I though he was the dopest of all the enemies in Robocop . This title was a little to kiddy for my taste and you can kinda tell from the sudden drop from the usual `` R '' rating in a Robocop movie to the sudden `` pg13 '' . It was n't a good move on their part to make it appeal more to children than to adults . It should have been kept a mature film .
 Believe me I 'm not one of those people who have dismissed a sequel before it 's even released . I do love many , many sequel 's but the Robocop sequels where major flops to me . Robocop 2 was a big disappointment to me when I first saw it , and the review I gave it as soon as it finished has n't changed the slightest in the few times I have watched it since . It is a movie that starts off looking very promising , but fails to have the same greatness of the original . And Robocop 3 I would put into my list of worst movie 's of all time category with no questions asked . The movie was not thought out and had completely taken the impression that `` This could happen in real life '' to `` This is just an unrealistic comic book made into a movie '' . The first movie was an action/horror kind of movie and easily rated R . The sequels got tamer as they went along trying to make them into a kid 's film . But what I have always wondered about that is , `` WHY ? '' The first movie has an R rating . So kids would n't be watching that one , so why bother to make sequels that kids can watch . They ruined what could have been great sequels the same way they ruined the Batman saga , by forgetting who the original audience was and ditching the dark side to lighten it up into a flick for kids as a PG rated movie . Robocop 2 I would give 1 and a half stars to . But that 's very generous because I give Robocop 3 no stars.What MGM should have done with Robocop 2 & 3 is put them on the same disc and sold them that way as one of there MGM Double Feature DVD 's . And then retailed them at a very cheap price as 2 for 1 on the same disc , or flip side , whatever , but I would give both movies an extra star for being on the same disc so that it would n't take up much room if you just decided to get them just to complete the Robocop collection . Or , maybe when H.D.D.V.D comes out Robocop 1 , 2 , 3 will be released on the one disc . But when you have 2 movies with no bonus features and are n't great movies , only to die hard Robo fans or people who watch them now ` cause it 's a reminder for something from there child hood then no one 's gonnah buy the 2 sequels individually on purpose . But add both of them together on one disc , and maybe 2 bad movies might sneak into an , `` ok , maybe I 'll get this '' category .
 RoboCop 3 was a show I strongly anticipated . I expected a continuation of Robo 2
 This Movie sucked the acting was poor and the jet pack well look at it like this why would a cop need a jet pack a kid of about 6 would think something like that is cool and his new gun was okay but I love the little automatic pistol he used it looked and sounded cool but of course since I liked it that ninga had to cut in half with a super sharp sword take some advise that is good and watch the first one .
 Although this has a better story than Robocop 2 , there still is n't anything special about it . Totally forgettable . Appealing only to 6yr . olds who have real low attention spans . It also lacked violence , the key ingredient from the first two .
 Remember how blood curdlingly violent and loaded with dark humor the original Robocop was ? Even it 's first sequel had it 's share , and that was partly what made the original Robocop so great , especially in the hands of Paul Verhoeven . With Robocop 3 , Verhoeven is definitely gone , as is the violence and the dark humor , and so is original star Peter Weller , who wisely chose to skip this horrible schlockfest . Robert John Burke -LRB- Stephen King 's Thinner , frequent guest roles on TV 's Rescue Me and Law & Order
 `` RoboCop '' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- was a hard action picture with an edge and a heart . It had a strong sense of everything -- brains , heart , social satire , and wit , probably all thanks to Paul Verhoeven , the eccentric Dutch man responsible for `` Total Recall '' and `` Basic Instinct . '' `` RoboCop 2 '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- lost the heart but still had the violent edge . It seemed somewhat geared towards children , the plot was tired and recycled , the violence still packed a punch but lacked the seriousness and dramatic flair of the first film . In a sense , all humanity shining through the RoboCop character from the first film was gone . `` RoboCop 3 '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- has none of the above . It has no heart , it has no brains , it has no sly social puns , and it has no hard violence . It 's goofy and stupid . Over-the-top and obnoxious . Some qualites are redeemable . Most are not . It 's undoubtedly the worst of the series.Filmed in 1991 and delayed for two years due to film company Orion 's pending bankruptcy , `` RoboCop 3 '' centers around Murphy , a.k.a. RoboCop -LRB- Robert John Burke -RRB- joining forces with evicted squatters who are opposing Omni Consumer Products , the new conglomerate company running Detroit , which is kindly referred to as the homeless citizens as Opposing Capitalist Pigs.OCP is no longer run by The Old Man -LRB- Daniel O'Herlihy -RRB- , but rather The CEO -LRB- Rip Torn -RRB- , a character played over-the-top for laughs that never come ; he is in fact a sort of subtle summary of the entire movie . He is in cahoots with the Japanese to throw citizens of futuristic Detroit out of their homes and onto the street so that he can level their homes and build big money-making skyscrapers.RoboCop does n't like this one bit , and after seeing a lone child named Nikko -LRB- Remy Ryan -RRB- run across a street and into the arms of squatters , he decides it 's time to protect the innocent and delete his fourth directive , which instructs him to not oppose a member of OCP . After Lewis -LRB- Nancy Allen -RRB- is killed my a corrupt OCP employee , he swears to take vengeance and uphold the law.What a digression the `` RoboCop '' series has made ! It started as a biting social satire , a hard action film with loads of wit , and an emotional tale with subtle hints at humanity and the warnings of regenreating the dead . It was `` Frankenstein '' and `` The Terminator '' intertwined into one gigantic , non-stop , thrill-packed rollercoaster ride.Watching `` RoboCop 3 '' is like trying to focus on a Saturday morning cartoon serial with an invincible hero defeating uncountable foes amidst a very , very unfocused backdrop . It 's hard to do . Co-characters extended in this film were made clearer in the first installment when they were given less time on screen . Johnson -LRB- Felton Perry -RRB- , the black man who gave Robo the thumbs up at the end of the first film , is now partly a bad guy . He was supposed to be a fairly good guy in the first two . What 's happened to him ? I doubt the movie cares much.Peter Weller , who said making the first two films in this trilogy was the worst experience of his acting career -LRB- the suit was heavy and hot , shedding some number of pounds off his body on a daily basis -RRB- , has left the series for more attractive projects , leaving John Robert Burke to fill in his shoes . Burke is okay in the suit , but his voice sounds too robotic when he speaks , lacking the monotone calmness that Weller possessed without any type of digital alteration . Weller 's voice sounded like a man who was fused with gadgetry and somewhat hidden underneath an alternate identity . Burke just sounds like a robot , leaving all sense of humanity at the door . And with the mask off , his facial features look splattered with too much makeup and plastic , probably an ill-fated effort to cover up Weller 's disappearance . It 's not a biggie , as RoboCop himself is barely in this film at all.Yes , that 's right , RoboCop is not really the subject of this movie at all . Perhaps because Weller left they decided to keep RoboCop off frame for as long as possible . He is introduced some fifteen minutes into the film during a heated -LRB- and ridiculous -RRB- car chase , he gets injured and disappears throughout most the film , comes back for a bit , then saves the day . It 's like when they tried to cover up Crispin Glover 's absence in `` Back to the Future Part II '' -- only Zemeckis knew how to do it right . Fred Zekker , the director of `` RoboCop 3 , '' does not.Paul Verhoeven was -LRB- and I say `` was '' because he is now a has-been -RRB- a great director . He got away with over-the-top action because he had a way of making it brutal , gleeful and downright excellent , while managing to insert levels of humanity -LRB- remember Quaid 's background in `` Total Recall '' ? The flashback sequences in `` RoboCop '' ? -RRB- . Zekker 's over-the-top style is different . Very different . Zekker is the type of director who should be in the cartoon business , not the movie business . It 's obvious that he knows how to make adventure serials with over-the-top childish blow - 'em - up action , long passages of cheesy dialogue between cardboard characters , and anticlimatic battles . Now it 's time for him to prove that he can show the decent amount of courtesy to make a satisfying conclusion to a great movie . He has , in essence , failed . `` RoboCop 3 '' is rated PG-13 for language , childish violence and idiotic sequences of stupid battles.Footnote
 Robocop
 What a crap film this is!Some films are so bad that they are funny . This is n't one of them . It 's just plain bad.I have nothing more to say on the subject cept make sure that your holding a loaded gun to your head before you start watching this film.That way you can put yourself out of your misery in the fastest possible way .
 After the okay-ish Part 2 , this sequel plunges the series into the depths of diminishing returns . The ... er , plot , involves an evil Japanese organization who are determined to take over the city with the help of some decidedly uninspiring robot ninjas.Souless , tame , humdrum waste of time and money which seemingly relies on constant flashbacks to the first -LRB- and far superior -RRB- Robocop film . If you have n't seen any Robocop movies then see the first one instead of this . If , on the other hand , you 've seen the first Robocop film , then be content with that . You wo n't find anything worthwhile in this trash .
 * There . Now that my title has drawn your attention , I think I 'll get down to the review . * Review
 Oh woe , here we go with xenophobia . Evil , satantic Japanese baddies seek to take over Robocop 's home city with the help of some rather melodramatic and frankly tedious robotic ninjas.The first Robocop was an excellent and moving film . By now the series has lost all its magic and vitality and is no more than people fighting . Somebody seems to have had the idea of making this one for younger viewers , so it 's all very tame compared to its predecessors and relies heavily on flashbacks to the first -LRB- and superior -RRB- film.Uninspiring , dull and overblown . Do n't bother with this film . You 'll only encourage them to make a Part 4 and drag the character of Robocop down to even greater depths .
 If the second Robocop movie has some redeemable features , then the third instalment has hardly any . This film is the metamorphous of the Robocop franchise into a kid 's marketed commodity . In this respect , this film seems to be a pilot for the children-friendly television series that soon followed -LRB- though this film is not be confused WITH the actual television show pilot -RRB- . The violence is low key and the inclusion of a child actor as one of the main central characters seems to confirm this . Maybe this was the inevitable conclusion - Robocop has all the hallmarks of a ` superhero ' and the commercialisation of this towards the children 's toy market/comics may gather a new audience -LRB- young viewers -RRB- but will alienate an older audience at the same time . The superhero theme is cemented with Robocop 's new jetpack and the ` ninja ' style villains -LRB- this movie was released when the ninja turtles franchise was in full swing -RRB- . The film also lacks the budget of the first two movies , which was a surprise as Robocop 3 was very hyped up to its confusing release date -LRB- set back time after time with delays -RRB- and was released in Britain straight-to-video . This film can be viewed as a pilot , of the pilot of the tv series .
 If it were possible , I 'd have given this movie 1/10 of a star . This piece of trash on celluloid took everything that was great about Robocop , with the exception of the character , and threw it off the top floor of OCP 's Detroit tower . I can only assume the idea was to turn Robocop into a more kid/market/product friendly brand that could be mooched off of for several years.And that failed.Fans of the franchise were hoping for more of the trademark dark humor and gritty violence that gave a dystopian view of the America we were becoming.What we all received was a terribly-written , woefully under-budgeted , and poorly driven device that insulted our intelligence and made us feel as though the film we came to see was replaced by Mr. Rogers with a lobotomy.Most fans of the franchise will agree
 This movie was a colossal failure . The storyline and plot were good but Burke sucked as Robocop and there are to many unanswered questions from Robo 2 that were n't answered in Robo 3 ... # 1 : What happended to the Old Man from Robocop 1 & 2 ? Did he die ? How did Rip Torn become the Leader of OCP ? # 2 : What happended to Dr. Faxx ? Did she just disappear ? # 3 : What happended to the mayor and how did OCP get control of the city ? # 4 : Where is Peter Weller?Do you see what I mean ? The only positive things about this movie are the storyline , the introduction of the Rehab team and Basil Poulodoris 's theme . John Castle was good as Paul McDaggett but other than him and Nancy Allen -LRB- Lewis -RRB- no one else really lit up the screen . It is also a shame that Lewis was killed by McDaggett . This movie flopped big time
 Whoa !! A flying robocop with the strings attached and all . No way man , this one bombs . And where 's Peter Weller ? The dude IS Robocop !!! Cheesy movies I can handle , but this one 's going moldy . Time for Robocop III to catch a wave . See yah !
 There was no reason to make another movie in this series , but I guess there were still some action figures to be sold so here it is . In PG-13 , no less ! Boy , where to start . Well after 5 or 6 years , the evil OCP is still trying to tame Detroit and build a bigger badder cop . Now the Japanese have taken over OCP and have a Robo of their own and they are twin/triplets ? For the most part this 3rd feature is just as bad as the 2nd one , but at least we see some of the townsfolk putting up some resistance . I 'm also giving a little credit for some then new acting faces that are more recognized today . Although Peter Weller wisely did n't come back in the role of Murphy watch for Rip Torn , CCH Pounder , Mako , Stephen Root , Bradley Whitford and Jill Hennessy .
 Robocop 3 -LRB- 1993 -RRB- was the last nail in the coffin for the Robocop film franchise . B movie director Fred Dekker tones down the violence and adds a lot of campy humor into the film so it can get a PG-13 rating . Peter Weller bailed from the series and Robert John Burke was cast as Robocop ! Officer Lewis -LRB- Nancy Allen -RRB- is tragically killed off by an evil OCP officer ! Robocop takes sides with people who are being kicked out of their homes by OCP so they can build Delta City over Old Detroit . The film is even more camped up by throwing a robo-ninja into the movie ! Basil Poledouris returned to give us a real Robocop music score . Robocop 3 is a mish-mash of serious drama and campy comedy . Robocop `` borrows '' a pimp 's car to chase bad guys ! Even with the best of intentions , Robocop 3 was still a failure .
 Let 's see you have the weakest out of all the bad guys even weaker than Robocop Prime Directives Paul McDaggett played by John Castle who reminds me of and older version of Simon Cowell But he 's forcing people out of there homes and is doing thing his own way . Rip Torn plays The OCP president and needs the Katimitsu Corporations help becuse OCP is almost bankrupt . McDaggett kills Lewis which she reprised her role becuse she wanted to be killed off becuse she thought they were milking the franchise . I agree with her character being killed off it made the movie watchable so Robocop this time played by Robert John Burke has a goal to kill McDaggett . The Ninjas in this movie were stupid . Remy Ryans character was n't bad Jill Hennessy is hot . CCH Pounder plays Burtha who is a leader for the rebels against OCP All in All a hardcore R rating and bloody death for McDaggett would have been better . But Robo has an arm cannon and a jet pack that 's cool . But Really this was given a PG13 rating so teens could see it .
 Man , I just loved Paul Verhoeven 's vision of Robocop depicted in the first Robocop . The graphic violence and dark humor for sure , but there was this undiscribable `` mood '' and `` atmosphere '' that a quality moviemaker brings to a film . Compared to the first Robocop , Robocop 3 should be arrested and shot . Robocop 3 is in violation of Robocop 's third directive , `` protect the innocent . '' This film definately harms the innocent viewer . Where to start ? Robocop befriends a group of rag tag , poverty stricken homeless good guys who are fighting against the evil land developers who team up with , get this , the `` Spatter Punks , '' punker rocker looking guys who terrify even the cops . Robocop does the cliche driving his car off of a parking garage to land in the middle of a gunfight . Also there is the precocious wiz kid cliche . Then , there are robot ninjas . That , alone should be enough to convince you . Also , Robocop flies around on a jet pack . I rest my case . Lastly , Robocop 3 just lacks that atmosphere and mood that made the first Robocop something funny and compeling .
 Robocop 3 has to be the worst possible movie in the series . While the first and the second had great humour and quite gory action sequenses the third installment has n't got any of the critsism against the corporate world and the plot of the movie is simply rubbish . The film is made for kids and the flying Robocop just makes you wan na cry . I gave one star just because Basil Poledouris great theme is back from the first film .
 Robocop
 After the high quality of the first two films there 's only one way to go ... downhill and fast.This film put plain and simply is pants ! A crappy japanese cyborg is created as the new nemesis for robocop , & it looks exactly like a human.A piss-take of the first two films rolled into one , what a disaster ... ignore this film .
 This movie must have been made as a pilot for the series that followed . This would explain the lack of wit and social commentary as well as the toning down of the violence . This movie had a serious continuity problem . Nobody seems to have noticed that in the first two movies Robocop had a son , yet in the 3rd movie during the flashbacks he had a daughter . This was truly a bad sequel .
 OCP PLANS ON DESTROYING DETROIT TO BUILD DELTA CITY . BUT , WHEN A GANG OF ANGERED RESIDENTS DECIDE TO FIGHT OCP BACK , PROBLEMS IMMEDIATELY BEGIN . TO ADD TO THE PROBLEMS , ROBOCOP -LSB- PLAYED HERE BY ROBERT JOHN BURKE -RSB- JOINS THE PEOPLE IN THEIR QUEST FOR FREEDOM . NOT AS VIOLENT AS THE FIRST TWO MOVIES , AND IT 'S ALSO NOT AS GOOD . THE BIGGEST MISTAKE THEY MADE WITH THIS MOVIE WAS TO REPLACE PETER WELLER AS ROBOCOP . ROBERT JOHN BURKE JUST SEEMS LOST AS ROBOCOP . THIS SERIES WAS SERIOUSLY STARTING TO RUN OUT OF STEAM TOWARD THIS POINT . WHY COULD N'T THEY JUST KEEP THIS ONE ON THE SHELF ? ANYWAY , ANOTHER BIG MISTAKE THEY MADE WAS TO HAVE ANN , ROBO 'S PARTNER FROM THE FIRST TWO MOVIES , GET KILLED . HAS A FEW GOOD ACTION SEQUENCES , BUT IT 'S SERIOUSLY LACKING THE ENTERTAINMENT THAT CAME WITH THE FIRST TWO MOVIES . IF YOU STILL HAVE N'T SEEN THIS BUT YOU WAN NA SEE IT , RENT THIS , BUT DO N'T BUY THIS . FOLLOWED BY FOUR DIRECT-TO-VIDEO MOVIES .
 Dissapointing but , that 's Orion 's fault for making it PG-13 . This movie still hangs on to some good dark humor but loses all of the action . PG-13 movies bug me because it 's telling younger viewers that it 's ok to watch people die , in a certain fashion . I mean , all PG-13 movies have nonstop explosions , like in this movie , where there is nonstop explosions , showing people go flying in the air . But , of course , if someone dies in a realistic fashion , it 's not appropriate for children . I hate the way holywood does this and this movie is a perfect example of it . For some lousy reason , they rated it Pg-13 , which ruined the movie . In the first one and 2 nd one , when Ed 209 -LRB- a gigantic robot -RRB- fires his minigun at cops ... they die . In this , their cars blow up but somehow , they dodge the minigun ???? This is a major letdown and I blame the fact that they rated it Pg-13 for that . On top of it , I hate it when movies have a little girl who is a complete genious . How is she so smart ???? I mean come on ! Robert John Burke does a fine job replacing Peter Weller so there 's no problem there even though Weller did a better job . The humor is still there , not as good as the first 2 , but still there , so that 's a + . Buy the trilogy for the first 2 and not for this.And for the reviewer saying this is good because it 's a family movie , what the heck ? The first two showed a very dark future while this one makes it so cheesy it 's lame . So , how is that good ? For children to sit and watch `` low degrees of violence '' ? Whatever . PG-13 action movies are all the same , and this same is bad . Thank goodness for the humor or else , YIKES !
 I am not one to be pessimistic or have a bad attitude in any way , but honestly . . I have to say that the first words that come to mind are that this DVD is a joke . With that being said , the one good thing that I can say is that it is at least entertaining and made me laugh . Sadly enough ... being from Austin and listening to tons of live music for years , I can not think honestly of a time when I have seen a worse live music show . Ringo does n't even play on most of the songs and at least his band covers up , to a degree , his deficits . I will say that it appears that Ringo himself is enjoying it , which I have to give him credit for , but that does n't mean that others will ! When I first saw this DVD , I was really looking forward to actually to see Ringo playing live , not having heard much from him in years . I could go into more critical detail , but would prefer to just think of this DVD as an amusing entertainment experience , but for serious music lovers . . save your money !
 I was anxious to view and listen to Ringo and the Roundheads concert . But to my disappointment , the dvd was defective ! The intro was great , it had sound and video , but the concert segment only had video , no sound.Amazon was great about refunding my money , but I really wanted to see and hear the concert . This was the first time that I bought a dvd that arrived defective . Lucky for me , I had ordered another Ringo and the All-Stars and that was great .
 Ok , you ever see a trailer for a film and think that it looks remarkable only to find that the trailer is nearly one-hundred times better than the actual film ? That was the case with ` It 's Kind of a Funny Story ' . I saw the trailer a while back and just thought it was going to be outstanding , but alas ; it was n't . For me , the films biggest distracter is that it feels so uneven in tone . It does n't really know what kind of film it wants to be . Well , I know what it wants to be . It 's shooting for ` dramedy ' , but there is n't enough of either -LRB- drama or comedy -RRB- to constitute the genre reference . Instead , it just falls flat nearly all of the time , despite some nicely constructed performances from the supporting cast.The film follows a young boy named Craig who wants to kill himself , or at least thinks that he wants to kill himself . So , he seeks out immediate help from a psychiatric ward but winds up admitted for a mandatory five-days . He feels out of water and awkward until he really sinks into the feel of the place and soon he learns so much yadda , yadda , yadda . See , even typing the films synopsis feels flat , right ? This is my issue with the film . It does n't do anything special to elevate the films lack of original prose . It just meanders . The character arc given to Craig feels predictable and unwarranted -LRB- five days drastically changed his outlook so much , and HOW might I ask ? -RRB- and so the ending feels forgettable and bland in texture.I found myself bored , even when the film tried to add texture by giving us flashback tricks and segments of voice over sequences . It felt forced and low level and amateurish and nothing like what it was trying to copy.It 's hard for me to imagine that Ryan Fleck directed this , since his directorial debut ` Half Nelson ' was so outstanding and serves as one of my favorite films of the past decade.Alas , the film is littered with very good supporting performances that try their hand at elevating their scenes . Viola Davis is just a joy to look at , and she adds a warmth and sincerity to the preposterous psychiatric sessions she is a part of -LRB- I mean , seriously -RRB- and Emma Roberts is also decent here , and sells her character well . But the film really belongs to Zach Galifianakis , who just delivers such a surprisingly honest portrait of a man who is battling his inner demons . He adds the paternal touch needed for the film without going overly nostalgic or sappy on us . Even when the film falls off the edge and dives headfirst into a saccharine mess , Galifianakis remains the film 's sole look at something true ; something real.UGH , I wanted this to be great . Instead , it feels cheap and unfocused . See it for Galifianakis , especially if you are a fan of his breed of comedy since he uses it with sharp maturity here , but do n't expect this film to meet any preconceived expectations .
 I saw the previews , and wanted to see it in the theater , but I never got around to it . I saw that it was available on Amazon Instant View , and that it had a 41/2 star customer rating , so I decided to watch it . I knew that the critics had given it poor reviews , but I generally go by the general publics perception rather than the overly cynical film critics . After watching It 's Kind of a Funny Story , I agree with the critics ... this was not a good film .1 . The young star of the film is a lousy actor . He 's supposed to be portraying someone who is suicidal , or who has suicidal thoughts ... but he plays the character like he 's just an awkward everyday teenager .2 . The film depicts people within the psychiatric ward as more quirky than mentally ill .3 . The relationships and actions between the characters are n't really believable .4 . A lot of this film is forced and cliche ; For instance , the `` running around with my gal and having fun '' montage . Or the man who is haunted by his past , and is slow to open up .5 . More than anything , the film tries to be serious at times , and tackle the issues of mental illness , but then it tries to be fun and quirky at other times . I think the two sides can exist in a movie , but it was n't pulled off well in this move.Save your time and money , and skip this movie .
 I could not finish this mess ... everyone in it should be embarrassed kind of a very poor production , story and cast !
 Slow paced and dragging this story could have been told in a better way . Even those with mental illness are not so lackluster . I was grateful for fast forward .
 I was expecting this movie to be like Eternal Sunshine or Garden State , a youthful drama . The lead in the movie was this entitled New York brat that checked himself into a mental hospital because he had a little stress from his prep school . Give me a break . I was hoping that by the end of the movie he would introspect a bit and find out that he was just being melodramatic , but instead the movie was biased to his point of view . The movie was not believable and the characters were not developed well at all .
 Beware the five-star reviews . This is a slow , cliche-filled , horribly-acted , unfunny , cloying disaster of a movie . I 'm a big Zach G. fan , but he does n't begin to salvage this crappy flick .
 ... except it 's not ! This film is supposed to be an uplifting comedy , however I found it painfully predictable and a bit sad . Keir Gilchrist was great , playing Craig , a young mental patient who wants to kill himself . Gilchrist and the flashes of his thoughts , that we get to see , are the best part of this film and the only thing really worth seeing . Zach Galifianakis , who is one of my favorites , is n't at all funny , he 's actually kind of pathetic in this film . Despite Gilchrist performance , the movie is actually quite stupid , I mean what kind of mental hospital lets the patients have access to the roof of the hospital ? It looked good , has some really good actors in it , but nothing happens , the story is predictable as hell , and it 's a `` comedy '' in which no one really says or does anything funny . I was hugely disappointed with it .
 Any story whose premise is the would be suicide of a teenager is rather too cynical to be saved by dark humor . I 'm not one to take things too seriously to see the humor in everyday life ; in fact I consider doing so to be humans ' best coping mechanism . But this movie falls prey like so many others these days to the urge to drastically overstate its thesis lest the slow-witted fail to grasp it . You ca n't start with miserable and strive for sardonic irony . You can start with sardonic irony and strive for humor , sure , but going waaaay too dark from the start makes it impossible to be lighthearted to the grown-ups out there . Think the difference between Little Miss Sunshine and One Flew Over Cuckoos Nest
 This movie was pointless , and I really do n't remember laughing at any of it . My friend and I had heard that it was funny , so we decided to watch it , it was such a waste of time , and I would not recommend that anyone waste their time watching it .
 This movie needed a little more to it . It seemed like it was going to become really interesting throughout the movie but just kind of stays in the same place . Would not recomend it .
 Before I get into synopsizing this film , let me point out some of the things that were COMPLETELY FALSE with respect to mental hospitals -LRB- but were shown in this film as true -RRB- .1 . Mental wards are * locked * facilities . You ca n't just `` sneak out , '' because every single door is locked .2 . Psychiatrists do n't sit and listen to patients talk about their fears/dreams / hopes / childhood . They want to know what are the symptoms of the patient so that they can medicate him and get him out to make room for the next patient .3 . Psychiatrists DO N'T act like the doctor in this movie , because the relationship is not meant to be a friendship . It is meant to be a therapeutic relationship , and so any single thing that might offer insight into the personality of a psychiatrist is something that s/he will scrupulously avoid revealing in any way .4 . Visiting hours in psych wards are limited . People ca n't just randomly walk in off the street at any time of day .5 . There are no parties in psych wards , nor are people allowed to just call in a pizza delivery from a ward .6 . People do not stay there until they can get their lives sorted out . They stay there until they are stabilized -LRB- and sometimes not even that long -RRB- . If it were any different , you would n't see so many bums -LRB- with obvious mental problems -RRB- on the street .7 . You need to put coins in the phone to use it anywhere in the world .8 . Doctors or nurses will NEVER discuss the personal details of one patient with another patient . -LRB- If a patient asks a doctor `` What 's wrong with that guy ? '' the doctor will never just come out with `` Oh , he 's scizophrenic '' -- even if the patient in question is frankly crazy / schizophrenic . -RRB- Short Attention Span Summary :1 . A young -LRB- if melodramatic -RRB- boy decides that he is having some sort of existential crisis .2 . He checks himself into a hospital , and finds that his problems are actually much less severe than those of most of the other inhabitants .3 . The protagonist finds not one but two women . -LRB- It seems that he had to go to the psych ward to become a pimp . -RRB- 4 . Almost everything is -LRB- predictably -RRB- wrapped up by the end of the 5th day -LRB- the way that it should be in a good little bildungsroman -RRB- . This movie did have a few funny / witty moments , and my overall impression of it could have been better it did n't cause me so much cognitive dissonance by presenting so many false impressions of psych wards .
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story is n't funny even accidentally!The previews shown in the theater were the only funny parts and then when you see it in the context of the movie it just is n't funny ! The story never really connects all the characters in a meanful way .
 A 1-star rating is being generous . It 's a terribly boring movie that really makes no sense . The main character is very much the Everyday Man , and you do n't need a movie to let you know that life is stressful . If you 've come this far w/o knowing or experiencing that , then maybe you should watch this movie . I promise , for almost a full 2 hrs , you will be distressed . I was . It was n't funny . And now I 'd like a refund .
 There are certain traits or markers that immediately alert me that a movie is coming out of New York or similar environs . -LRB- 1 . -RRB- It 's a romantic comedy-tragedy . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- It 's filmed at a location most Noreasterners are likely to have some familiarity with -LRB- or romanticize about -RRB- and find entertaining - a mental institution . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- A stereotypic caricature and hodgepodge of ethnic and geriatric patients behaving in a manner only writers and studios could imagine . Likely learned by this film 's writers/directors from watching similar older movies of the same persuasion which in turn probably learned their stereotypes from still even older `` mental '' movies . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- Sexual innuendo . -LRB- 5 . -RRB- Teen romantic conflict and resolution and obligatory escape scene usually involving a roof top . Purpose
 I have watched this show from day one and boy was I disappointed with the Series Finale , what a crappy job they did with the finale . I wish I would not have wasted my money on this one.Just me SD
 I like Sarah . I like her way of speaking , I enjoy how expressive she is , and how charming she is . I enjoyed looking at her costumes in this dvd and will be in my sewing room trying to recreate the sparkly belts she was showing us . The choreographies are good for beggining belly dancers . I was hoping for a break down of the Turkish dance style here , but there were only two choreographies . No real explanation of Turkish or the raw elements that can be used outside of those choreographies . But I ca n't get over what a good speaker Sarah is and how fun she is to watch and listen to .
 What is french for dribble ??? The editing of this film must have been done by either a blind man or a chimpanzee suffering from attention deficite disorder . The difference between `` art '' and a movie , art is for the critics to give arwards to and movies are for `` common people '' like me to enjoy ...
 This movie is full of a bunch of slow moving character developments . There 's a bunch of long dialogues between men and women that are very drab and superficial . People tell me to watch this film for the amazing jump cut edits ... well I did and big deal . Let 's face it this guy is no Scorcese when it comes to doing innovative stuff with the camera , writing compelling scripts , and getting a likable cast up on the screen . Personally I think this guy just writes films for film school types and completely ignore us the audience .
 The fact that an artist writes boringly to convey boredom , or childishly to convey puerility , has no effect on the resultant work not being boring nor puerile . Self-awareness of a flaw does not alleviate the flaw . For this to not be true intent in art would have to matter , meaning that all art would necessarily have to be accompanied by a detailed explanation of itself and its conception by the artists , which would therefore render the idea of the art as its own best explanation worthless . Naturally , this would rent the very essence of the artwork.Yet , in recent decades there has been the reflexive notion , usually tossed about by bad artists , that intent is almost all in art , or even that it supersedes actual accomplishment . This results in defenses of bad works of art that inevitably rely on defending the art 's intent , not its success in following through on that intent . This has been championed by the ` first thought , best thought ' Beatniks of the 1950s , modern Postmodernist thought , and in the 1960s New Wave of French cinema . One of the leading lights of that ` movement ' was Jean-Luc Godard , whose first film , Breathless -LRB- A Bout de Souffle -LSB- literally , The End Of Breath -RSB- - 1960 -RRB- , made him a directing superstar . While one can not dispute the historic import of such a film , historic import has never been equivalent to artistic excellence , and Breathless is a horribly dated film . Yet , even were it not so dated , it would still be a bad film because it is so self-conscious , so poorly written , and so poorly acted , that I thought I was watching a Roger Corman cheapo horror film . Let me state , however , that there is more ` art ' in your typical Corman piece from that era , say The Last Woman On Earth , because its commentary on the state of filmmaking and art was more subtle , if often unintentional . Godard , by contrast , is so garishly dying to show his audience how hip and intellectual he is that he somehow forgot to put any of that , nor substance , into his film.He attempts to capture ` reality ' on film without realizing that anything filmed becomes unreal , or irreal , as opposed to surreal . Thus , the art of film , or any art , can NEVER be real , and to convey reality most aptly , it needs to be most affected . Godard , by shooting his film with handheld camera , as Parisians gawk at the filming in process , thus makes the most artificial of films , even as he tries to show the most boring aspects of life , glossing over crimes and ` deep ' moments that other films contain , to show the dull times . He thus gets the two worst aspects of film - the ` artificiality ' of cinema verit&eacute; and the reality of dull life , rather than the two best
 Breathless -LRB- Jean-Luc Godard , 1959 -RRB- After seeing Pierrot le Fou , finding it awful , and then reading Roger Ebert 's recent revised review of it -LRB- '' ... while I once wrote of it as Godard 's most virtuoso display of his mastery of Hollywood genres , '' I now see it more as the story of silly characters who have seen too many Hollywood movies . '' Ebert , 16Aug07 -RRB- , I thought that perhaps I 'd just picked a bad Godard movie to start with , and went for the one that everyone and his mother loves
 `` Breathless '' is a French film made in 1960 , and it is a great departure from what I had expected . It was different , but did not appeal to me because it seemed a mumbo-jumbo of a film . The script seemed like it was pieced together out of newspaper clippings as dialogue was chopped and all over the map.The movie opens up with a young thief , Michel -LRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- stealing a car and eventually shooting a cop . He runs from the crime and steals a car to get to Paris and shacks up with Patricia -LRB- Jean Seberg -RRB- , an American who sells the New York Herald Tribune International on the streets of Paris . Michel hides out in her hotel room while trying to sell Patricia on a plan to go with him to Italy . She soon realizes that includes a journey into criminal life , which is overwhelming.The film is in black and white , with subtitles . The conversations are constantly cut and pasted throughout , you feel you are hearing just parts of conversation . The thief , Michel , is a bit odd in all his car-jacking and running around like a cartoon figure at times.It is full of prattlings on life and goals , and some scenes go on forever with close-ups of the lovely Jean Seberg . It seemed to be a film to frame her talents and beauty , but frustrating in weak plot and abrupt scene changes.If you like foreign films , and the beginnings of a new free-form style , this would be interesting study . As for entertainment , it was insipid
 The reaction of someone who is not a film historian : This is obviously not intended as a work of surrealism or Dada . Godard has a story to tell , and two characters to introduce to us . I suggest that the film techniques be measured by whether they contribute to these goals . The use of handheld camera , long shots , candid shots of Paris do . They give the film a sense of energy and reality , and have perhaps been adopted by others because of this . The `` jump cuts '' -LRB- which I take to mean the abrupt cuts in the middle of scenes , with no attempt to maintain continuity -RRB- do not . They are distracting and remind you , with a jolt , and indeed never permit you to forget , that you are watching a film . This is not like noticing that a great painting is made up of the artist 's individual brushstrokes ; more like brushstrokes that keep you from seeing the overall picture . It just comes off as amateurish , and interfers with plot and character development.Seborg did n't seem to me to work in this role . I think Godard means to tell us that she is not vulnerable but in fact the same sort of animal as Belmondo , but the toughness was not persuasive -LRB- esp . the obvious self consciousness of the closing shot -RRB- . If this is not what was meant , then she failed to communicate to this viewer what exactly it was that motivated her character . Does that mean she is `` deep '' ?
 If you 've never seen the BBC sitcom Black Adder , there is a scene in which the idiotic Baldrick hands Black Adder a copy of his novel -LRB- his `` maximum octopus '' -RRB- , and it goes like this
 While Godard 's classic , breathless , is undeniably one of the greatest films ever made , the version released from the International Film Series is nearly unwatchable . It is terribly overexposed , washing out much of the picture detail , and making most of the white-on-white subtitles impossible to read . In addition , -LRB- I am unsure if this is unique to my particular copy -RRB- the video tends to ghost , and in places appears pink with a moving vertical -LRB- this is definately not a tracking problem , rather a glitch with the copy of the film this tape was recorded from -RRB- . I would recommend this film to anyone , however it might be best to purchase the other version .
 I rushed to see this when it came out in 1961 and adored it . Now I have to wonder why . Yes , I 'm aware that it was a stylistic breakthrough and that we should all offer homage to Godard for that . But , as other reviewers here have said , that 's not enough to make it great film . Many other break-through films are still enjoyable today but this is n't one of them.I was enamored of it because I was young and impressionable . I soon followed in the steps of the Jean Seberg character and went to Paris , enrolled at the Sorbonne and smoked Gauloise . Fortunately I stayed clear of the creepier types that poor Patricia fell for . I guess the close shots , the overlapping dialogue and the fact that the characters were so casual about sex were part of the attraction for me -- remember this was the very beginning of the 60 's and I was from the Midwest , not far from Jean Seberg 's home , actually . -LRB- I knew someone who went to church camp with her in Iowa . -RRB- But , gee , this time around , the glamour of that lifestyle had long since tarnished . I 'm still vulnerable to anything French -- I just re-viewed and re-loved `` Shoot the Piano Player '' but this one failed to hold anything to interest me . The petty thief who is supposed to be sexy ... well he was n't . His habit of rubbing his mouth , a la Bogart , was just pretentious and stupid . The conversation in her bedroom ... was beyond the pale ... We 're supposed to find that kind of drivvel interesting?Well ... chacun a son gout ... And there are many who will attempt to love this film because they are told that they should . For those who really want good crime films of the time , search out the ones by Jean-Pierre Melville , who had a cameo in this one . He loved amoral characters , dark Paris streets and big American cars , too , but somehow his films held together , have the substance that this one really lacks.I continue to love other Nouvelle Vague Films of the era , especially those of Truffaut and Malle , both of whom have a humanism that Godard never had .
 I guess those who enjoy movies from a box-seat of film-critiques find this movie superb , and I kind of get their points . It 's a classic in its theme , content and emphasis on the story . But acting itself was centered on one person -- the male protagonist . The female character was lacking in her skill as an actress . Also I find it annoying the way most French movies keep ranting about love . Give me a break ! Love this , love that , yak yak , dreamy intellectualism and what not . I suggest you pass , unless this is a required movie for your Film 101 class .
 ... I thought it was going to be another film like `` the Incredible Journey '' or even like `` air bud '' . My son loves both these pet films and I thought this one would be cute like those . But , I actually found it to be alittle long and ` draggy ' . I did n't really feel like it ever enticed even my attention . I just could n't develop the love for the animals and characters in this one , like i did in `` the Incredible Journey '' and `` Air Bud '' . Anyway , For -LSB- the money -RSB- , I really ca n't complain . Maybe we 'll give the movie another try in 6 months . I 'll keep it in the video cabinet for now .
 This video was a huge disappointment . Bought if for my small kids , and it failed to keep their interest . Not only was it slow , but the acting was poor . Rascal the racoon gets little screen time for a movie in which he is the title character . If you 're looking for a good animal movie , Charlie the Cougar is a huge hit with my kids , and their friends . It 's classic 1970 's Sunday night Disney - a treat for parents as well .
 As usual , another story about a wild animal taken in and the left in the wild to fend for itself when it grows older . Same old story . Boy takes in cute cuddly raccoon . Racccon starts to make trouble . Boy is forced to get rid of raccoon instead of finding alternate ways to care for it . The movie was slow . Bad acting . A time waster.Some people lack committment and responsibility . Once you give an animal a home , especially a wild one , you should be prepared to make adjustments during its lifetime . I had a raccoon for 13 years , and she lived INSIDE my house . When she became older , she slept more and did not like going out to play as much . But she was happy and even played with my cat and dogs . At times she was feisty - but only when she became older . I took the reponsibility when I rescued her -LRB- broken leg , bite marks everywhere -RRB- and I owed her the same happiness and treatment she had as when I first found her . I never threw her back in the wild as she was already used to humans and having food given to her . She even used a littler box . It would be dangerous for her and shorten her life span even more . I hated this movie , the motives , I am sorry I bought it or even had the desire to see it .
 This one was made after Disney died , Billy Mummy is too old for the role he plays , and it 's often too dark , and it sometimes really drags . Mummy 's scenes -- where he 's supposed to exhibit deep emotion and sympathy -- are as annoying as fingernails on a chalkboard . Better to buy Charlie the Lonesome Couger , or the one about the Yellowstone Bears or the earlier version of `` The Incredible Journey , '' the one they only have on videotape .
 I had an error message `` Please Check Disc '' when I attempted to play Disc 2 , episodes 9-12 . Everything else in Season 4 was okay.I notified the manufacturer that Silk Stalkings Season 4 , Disc 2 was defective . They sent me a replacement which was Season Two , Disc 4 . I notified them by email about a week ago that they sent me the wrong replacement . My email was not acknowledged.Hopefully they wo n't hold me accountable for their errorIf I receive the correct replacement I will rate the series 4 stars , otherwise , my 1 star rating will be it .
 Figured it had potential to be funny . But is was n't , and not very interesting . Ca n't reccomend this movie to anyone .
 Please dont waste a second of your life watching this film . Roy Lichtenstien 's brilliants starts and ends on the cover .
 I 've waited so long for one of my all time favorite films to come out on DVD and was really disapointed . The colorized version is laughable and the Black and white version is grainy and in bad need of restoration . If it were n't for Shirley Temple there would be no Fox Studios , so come on guys before you release her other films , do it right !
 I 've always loved this movie and was thrilled to get it on DVD but the picture quality is horrendous . This is the worst DVD I 've ever seen from a major studio . The colorized version was done back in the 80 's before the process was refined and it looks awful . The black and white version is even worse . It looks like someone dragged the film down the street and then transfered it to DVD . Shame on Fox for leaving this version the only one available.Postscript-I picked up the remastered release in the pink package and it 's a fine transfer of the movie-about time Fox ! Hopefully the rest of the good Temple vehicles will be released in as good a shape as this one . Recommended .
 I rented this 88 min . long DVD . Very disappointed that it did not tell the same story I remember seeing as a child . It seems that Paramount has cut the original so that much of the character building scenes are no longer present . That is what really made the story of Heidi have an impact . If I had never seen it before I would be sorely disappointed in the story . As it is now , I am only disappointed in what has been done to the movie . If anyone knows of a full length version that is available , I am there ! Could it be the one referred to by your other reviewer -LRB- Jake Marsico -RRB- that Fox has done ?
 I was pretty disappointed when I saw this movie . I have read the book , seen quite a few Heidi movies , but this one is not close to the book . The first part is ok , but the second part is totally made up.Chasings , prison , Fr . Rottenmeier is very evil and -LRB- spoiler -RRB- tries to sell Heidi , etc.If you look for a Heidi movie that portaits the book , do n't get this one . If you want a movie about Shirley Temple , this one is fine then . Being from Germany , this one dissapointed me . My favorite Heidi movie is the 1956 w / Elsbeth Sigmund . It has a few changes from the book , but in generell is close to it and also gives you a feel of the time and place where Heidi would have lived .
 As one who finds Johanna Spyri 's `` Heidi '' to be one of the best children 's books , I find this transition to melodrama dreadful , and totally untrue to the book 's text . The independent Heidi , whose warmth and faith are such that she is fearless and completely kind , is reduced to a picture book moppet . Worse yet , characters such as Dete and Fraulein Rottenmeir , who , in the book , are respectively rather self-centred and puzzled at the lower class child , are depicted as totally wicked - ready to sell Heidi to the gypsies ! Clara , who in the original is disabled more because of her elders ' fear and over-protectiveness than because of her unnamed illness , now is the target of a wicked governess who has a financial interest in keeping her ill and weak.This dreadful film is suited only to those who are die hard fans of Shirley Temple .
 The best part of this film was the scene in which she gets knocked down by a goat ! LOL it was funny , that 's worth a star
 I did n't see anything totally special or touching about this movie . The Alps do n't even look that pretty . If you want to see the best Heidi I suggest watching the 1993 version of it .
 As someone who loves the story Johanna Spyri created , this version of Heidi is the worst production of the story I have ever watched . Number one , it does not follow the wonderful written tale that Spyri penned . Two , the painted scenery is a real mockery of the beautiful Alps in Switzerland and three the acting is very affected , even by Miss Temple . If you want a true authentic version of this story , order the Disney DVD starring Jason Robards as the Grandfather , Patricia Neal as Peter 's Grandmother , Jane Seymour as Fraulein Rottenmeyer and of course Noley Thornton who gives an outstanding performance as Heidi .
 `` Heidi '' is a charming film , and one of Shirley Temple 's best star vehicles . It was originally released in 1937 , near the end of Temple 's long reign as the Number One box office attraction in America . In addition to a captivating performance by Miss Temple in the title role , it features excellent supporting turns from Jean Hersholt as the Grandfather , and the wonderful character actress Mary Nash as Temple 's vitriolic adult nemesis -LRB- she also did a masterful job of menacing poor Shirley in the 1939 version of `` The Little Princess '' -RRB- . Give the movie **** 1/2 for its endearing sentimentality and lush production.But rate the DVD an utter BOMB , and a dud at that . Fox Home Video offers two versions of the film on this disc , neither one of which is an acceptable transfer of this fondly-remembered and eagerly-anticipated release . One is the wretched `` colorized '' version that was released during that dreadful time in film history when modern businessmen dared to tamper with the classic artistry of bona fide filmmakers from the Golden Era -LRB- an experiment which critics and consumers alike rejected ... how many black and white classics are being colorized today ? -RRB- . The other version offered on the DVD is a substandard transfer of a very poor black and white print that is an insult to consumers . It does n't do the original film justice , and more importantly , it 's NOT the best print currently available . I predict that in a couple of years , Fox will offer a `` newly restored '' edition , and make the public buy this title once again to get an improved copy that should be available NOW . -LRB- Can you say , `` Disney 's ` Little Mermaid ' '' ? -RRB- I recommend you wait , and hold on to your money . Do not encourage studios by purchasing whatever inferior product they toss into the marketplace . This DVD is an insult to both Miss Temple whose box office popularity saved 20th Century-Fox from ruin during the depths of the Depression , and to the public who wishes to enjoy her unique talents on DVD .
 this does not work please help , reads on the computer not in the dvd player help !!! kids very unhappy please help
 Heidi is a wonderful story . Although I love Shirley Temple movies , I was disappointed that this movie did not follow the story line of the book but added unnecessary plot line . I would not let my younger grandchildren watch this adaptation of Heidi . The cover may be color but the movie is B & W
 Downloaded this one by mistake , horrible film , I think anyone could make a better film than thisYou must not view this film I think it 's a must &#34; not &#34; see.You will be sorry and it 's not worth the time .
 I should have known better , these movies are not getting any better , just the opposite . I hope this is the last one .
 Their behavoir makes no sense . Their reaction to what is happening is cartoonish , it might of worked as a comedy .
 Its bulls *** . Do not watch this movie . I hate it . Its stupid . Guuur ! Its a waste of money . I got ripped off ...
 I thought I had ordered something else this movie realy had nothing to , it waste of my time and money and now I own it .
 I was very disappointed in this film . It was not scary or very realistic . It was just not what I expected based on trailers about the movie . I would not recommend it due to stated reasons .
 Kind of entertaining . The female lead was too annoying . That role in this type of movie usually is , but she was over the top annoying . Some pretty creepy elements . surprising story ...
 This was the stupidest film ever and I want to slap whoever took my $ 3 to rent this trash !! Maybe I was expecting something totally different than what i recieved when I clicked play or this was seriously the most tard movie I have ever watched in history
 this movie was so stupid , not scarey in any way at all and barely got through much of it before hitting delete .
 Whoever authored this crappy DVD ought to be taken out and shot . I love this film and bought the DVD . The DVD froze a half hour into the film . It was a used copy , so I thought that there might be a tiny nick in the surface of the DVD . A year later I bought another copy - same thing . What a shame that a great film was released as an unwatchable DVD ! Do n't waste your money on this Koch Lorber piece of crap . Maybe someday Criterion will release this classic . Until then , VHS is about the only hard copy that is useable .
 well 1st $ 1.99 for a movie that is only 1 hr . long is a rip in it self , but then you have the extremely BAD acting . and the 1st sex scene if ya want to call it that was one of the guys at a male theatre hooking up w/sunshine from Queer as Folk . And they have sex right by the doors to the auditorium w/o anyone wanting to join in or fondling themselves , I mean come on.Then the computers they were using were from the early 90 's . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY , LET ALONE YOUR TIME .
 I should n't have looked ... but could n't help myself . Bad acting . Bad story . Not worth the money or the time .
 Meeting your roommate on Internet Dating Site and fall in love without knowing the guy on the other end of the chat is your roommate . Predictable .
 One of the worst movies I 've seen in a long time . The cinematography is good , acting is decent , which actually takes away from the movie . The plot is extremley boring and the only out you look for in terms of comedy is hoping to get some unintential comedy , but the film doesnt even grant you that . A misleading title at best , and I 'm not sure what exactly was unrated about the version I saw , but this is a BAD movie . I enjoyed N Dynomite , Road Trip , and such , but this isnt even close . I 'm not sure how this can even be described as a comedy .
 Hello World , Misguiding title and cover . Thought it would be like Rolling Kansas or Road Trip , not at all . His parents grow weed , so what ! I could barely make it through the entire movie .
 If you liked the trashy Blaxploitation films of the 70s , you 'll love this . If you 're like me and hate this junk-filled genre , it ai n't for you.Bad acting -LRB- especially Shelly Winters and the ubiquitous Antonio Fargas -RRB- , overdone story -LRB- main character getting revenge for framing by the -LRB- of course -RRB- racist crooked cops -RRB- , ad nauseum . Good for laughs , but not much else.However , there are some redeeming features that raise this from one starts to two for me . Bernie Casey comes off as a very sincere and redeeming character who tries to rid th eneighborhood of drug abuse . Cleo Jones herself shows that women can be smart as well as sexy -LRB- though she 's not quite as charasmatic as Pam Grier 's characters and Pam 's a better actress -RRB- . But in either case , this is one of those films best watched with a bunch of your friends over and a cooler filled with beers nearby .
 My husband wanted to collect a copy of this film . The acting and the story is poor . Quality of the film is good .
 Ok , might be worth it to learn how not to make a training video . Gary spends the whole 60 minutes in front of a green screen used as a backdrop for the whole show , talking to the camera . He does spend 15 minutes or so setting up a steadicam , dropping the monitor half way through -LRB- comical value -RRB- . That 's about the only practical demonstration he does . The video suffers from lack of use of the very media it 's trying to teach .
 this season really changed direction , its not even the same show anymore , hey and whats with Nancie and her change of personality -LRB- Her Character -RRB- its not her anymore , Conrad is gone the best person in the show , They Shoud just call the Show `` Drug War '' Now , not Weeds , this use to be my number 1 show , now its last , and Nancie has to be the biggest most Stupid Drug Dealer/Pusher , she would have been locked up in season 2 in real life , Another Un THought Out Drama Story
 The show is great but Seasons 3 and 4 of on demand are missing the final episode ! Not cool Amazon !!!!
 Was a fan of Seasons 1 & 2 -LRB- and even 3 , sort of -RRB- , I just ca n't sympathize with the main character any more . Lilting around in a constant state of exasperation shoving the ever present stupid plastic starbucks cup into her cavernous joker-mouth . Exasperation being her only state of existence is tiring as hell to watch , not entertaining.And I do allow a little bending of reality for creative license but can we at least put a little logic in the motivations behind the characters ' actions ? For example , why did Nancy stab Guillermo in the back ? And , I know this is asking too much , but can we have at least some kind of theme behind the writing or point to the story or is the narrative simply - exasperated lady goes through life making decisions that make her more exasperated.Kevin Nealon , Andy , the youngest son remain funny but their side plots are almost as bad as the main one . So much fun could have come from keeping them in Agrestic but instead we 're supposed to buy the idea that a suburban mom will tumble into a world of crime from selling a little weed on the side .
 Long freeze ups and digital snow on last 2 dvd 's of season 4 . As I bought 3 seasons I did not find out in time to return or replace . I love the show but this set was a pain to watch .
 I have received THREE copies of Weeds Season Four and they were all damaged -LRB- particularly disk 2 -RRB- . Trying a different computer or DVD player provided no improvement . At this point I have given up trying to get a decent replacement .
 We bought several seasons of Weeds during after Christmas sales last year . It took as a while to get around to watching them . However , on at least THREE seasons , the DVDs were damaged beyond being able to watch . Buying the seasons was such a WASTE since the DVDs are worthless . I do not recommend buying these DVDs . I have never had trouble with other DVDs purchased from Amazon .
 Hey , great series ... However this is the second time that Amazon has delivered a set of dvds where one is severely damaged . No noticable marks/scratches but disc will not play and freezes up system . Returns for full refund are only if item has not been opened ... the exchange policy requires return for half refund and then you have to buy it again at full price . Very dissatisfied customer .
 Unlike seasons 1 - 3 of Weeds , this blu-ray is region coded and will noy work on European players . I 've bought a useless disc.Since Weeds is unavailable on blu-ray in my country -LRB- Holland -RRB- , to me this means it 's another example on how the industry discourages customers that like to buy their media legally . I guess I 'll have to resort to downloading the rest of the series.At least we are able to buy real weed here legally .
 A little note to those who do n't want to read this type of critique : Please do n't read it.Many of you have said that if I do n't like racist TV I should n't watch the show.Well , if you do n't like anti-racist reviews of light entertainment , then do n't read this review.And to the person who says that I must be the racist , due to my focus and concerns about racial prejudice and stereotyping , please buy a dictionary , or just use a free one online and look up the word `` racism '' . While you are online look up some statistics about race equality or lack thereof in todays society , media , education , criminal justice , pollution , you name it , non-white people still get the short end of the stick in our society . The facts do n't lie . Do n't take my word for it , do your own research , and that includes hiring patterns in Hollywood , which is much more integrated than many parts of our society but still greatly under-represents minorities and presents them very unrealistically even compared to their unrealistic portrayals of white characters.As of season two this was certainly true of this show , though I believe unintentionally.I got sick of the stereotypes so I ca n't speak to it 's current state.At last , more and more people are finally waking up from their hypnotic state and realizing just how atrociously bad this show is.The quiet elimination of the always-subservient African American characters after the first season was a sad and transparent effort to end the accusations of racist stereotyping that have plagued this show from the beginning . While it was a relief to see the end of the portrayal of the Elder Black Woman as a classic `` Mammy '' character plucked directly from Hattie McDaniel 's oscar winning pitch perfect minstrel show style performance in Gone With the Wind , firing the actors hardly solves the problem . -LRB- My characterization of these minstrel era racist cliches should be taken literally , assuring Nancy repeatedly , `` Do n't you worry your pretty little white a ** about nothin ' Mammy 'll take care of everything '' or something to that effect , it 's unbelievable I know , watch it and realize how sadly true this is -RRB- Tragically this effort to hide the unintentional racism of the show 's all white creators was entirely unsuccessful , as each season seemed to introduce worse and worse examples of this early 20th century style vintage Hollywood racist stereotyping , this time with a nerdy and cowardly south Asian , and an incessant parade of lazy , violent , stupid , sexually insatiable Mexican characters.The ongoing and seemingly blindly unintentional implied racism of this show continues unabated.Every time I turn on the show I am shocked that it continues so nakedly . I have not been able to stomach an entire episode in some years due to the deeply offensive racist stereotypes that seem to plague each and every episode of this show , who 's high moral aspirations are betrayed by terrible writing and a vaguely defined premise that seems to continuously deteriorate even in the eyes of it 's most ardent fans.Of interest to those who agree or disagree with my thesis here , is a fascinating and darkly revealing episode of the radio show and podcast `` The Treatment '' half hour interview with Jenji Cohan , the show 's creator , a former writer for the Facts of Life and The Fresh Prince of Bel Air.There were two of these , and I am referring to the first one , with Jenji alone . I have not heard the second one in which Jenji is joined by producer Roberto Benabib.When questioned by the well respected African American film critic Elvis Mitchell as to the `` Mammy '' character and whether the show is perpetuating outdated and negative stereotypes of African Americans , Jenji replies that the dialog of the African Americans is authentic , because she `` knows these people '' due to having spent at least one afternoon either playing dominos or watching games of dominos with some elderly `` black men '' at Venice Beach.For those who have not been there , Venice beach is far from the heart of Los Angeles ' African American community . Her amazing tale of cultural tourism into this world of authentically black people who play dominos on Venice Beach is to say the least unimpressive . The crowds at Venice are somewhat integrated , certainly not usually completely all white , but always mostly all white.This defense was shamefully ignorant and shallow . Elvis mercifully changed the subject , but I must say , that was one of those moments when I am ashamed to be white . Go and listen for yourself at the KCRW fm internet archives , if you can stomach the ignorant and idiotic unintended racism.This show had so much potential , great premise , very topical issue , good cast , sufficient budget -LRB- it would seem -RRB- , yet like so many Showtime endeavors , it came out malformed ... a true television abomination . Someone should make a good show on this subject some day . I know I would watch it , but I ca n't stand this racist -LRB- and increasingly sexist , but do n't get me started on that -RRB- expensive garbage .
 This series , like its predecessors is nothing but trash . It is soft porn -LRB- and not so soft -RRB- , derides all morals and sensibilities , and is an insult to one 's intelligence . Steer well clear .
 Love Season Four but the purchase was a rip off . Was supposedly `` brand new '' and I was suspicious from the start . Box looked worn when it arrived -LRB- the actual Season Four case -RRB- , not anything close to new . Dics were obviously put through a cd/dvd refinisher or refurbisher . Noticed that immediately upon opening and to my complete lack of surprise the very first disc did not work . Waste of time and money on a great tv show , disappointing . And shady .
 I enjoyed the first 2 seasons of Weeds , and I tolerated the 3rd season , but I just could n't find anything at all to like about season 4 . If you can get it free somewhere , I would say go ahead and watch it , but do n't pay money for it . . it 's not worth it . I was given seasons 5 and 6 and I watched all of 5 but only got halfway through 6 . . by that point the lead character is so horrible and the whole plot so tired I could n't keep watching even for free lol .
 Very disappointing fourth season of one of my favorite all time television shows . Pretty obvious that they lost a key writer or writers , and having MLP always in skimpy outfits is nice , but does n't save the season by a long stretch.The outrageous , hilarious gag ratio in this season has dropped precipitously . Lots of trite , shopworn humor has taken the edge and originality off . Only a couple of laugh out loud moments . Wo n't be buying or watching further . Thanks for three great seasons of incredible television .
 Weeds , Season Four.The catchy theme song we all loved to sing along with while getting excited for the latest episode is gone , replaced by clever logos and an imaginative script . Too imaginative , to say the least . Remember when Nancy was a bad mother who at least tried to do well by her children ? When Doug was always comedy gold , Celia was bitchy but loveable , and Shane was innocent ? Sadly , those days are over , folks . Never have I seen a cast once so endearing transform into characters I would n't touch with a ten foot pole . Thank God for El Andy , who at least retains his charm and seems to be the only character winning over more audience love with time . Nancy Botwin is now officially a horrible person . One of the fascinations of this show was watching her balance that thin line between Suburbia and the Grasslands while juggling single parenthood . She was imperfect ; a poor decision maker for sure , but at least she tried to bridge the gap between her growing -LRB- ly distant -RRB- sons . Her character has now officially all but given up any effort at all at maternal humanity . She goes through so many men that I 've lost count and did n't have time to form any sort of attachment with any of those characters except Conrad , who despite all those seasons of subtle romantic build-up , all but disappears from this latest season . When did Doug become a grouchy demanding irritant ? Was n't he everyone 's favorite member of Agrestic ? By the way , whatever happened to Agrestic ? Oh yeah . Up in flames like everything else in the series . Agrestic played such a central role in the series it was a character unto itself . No more . The Botwins now live by the seaside in Ren-Mar where they engage in plenty of acts that are anything but comical . Celia 's character was initially written to be the next-door-neighbor , mother , and wife from hell -LRB- and the friend you should never double cross -RRB- . Over the seasons , her character has melted into sheer terror . There is NOTHING funny about locking your ex-husband in a closet and abusing him . I 'm pretty darn liberal when it comes to my sense of humor , but a lot of what is being pawned off as comedy is atrocious and completely amoral beyond belief , even for a TV show . I 'm actually insulted that some of this is supposed to be laugh-worthy and frankly , disturbed by the implications . I guess the only realistic aspect of this show now is that Shane and Silas would find their way into the drug underworld relatively early in life given their upbringing . Even Guillermo nosedived into scary . This is certainly NOT the season I 'd ever want to watch . The entire thing was blanketed in a darkness so thick and storylines so unpleasant I dare not purchase the season and will gladly forget it ever happened if Season Five can resurrect any shred of credibility to its mangled fate . After all that viewing , it appears the show is indeed made of ticky-tacky and like everything else on TV , looks just the same .
 I enjoyed the first three seasons of ` Weeds ' and I found the beginning of the fourth season relatively engaging , Albert Brooks helped . But the show went off the track as the season went on . I have no problem with dark material , ` The Wire ' and ` Deadwood ' and ` Dexter ' I find brilliant in their own ways . But this season of ` Weeds ' turned into shallow melodrama where the writers either ran out of ideas or were suffering personal anger issues that they decided to channel through their characters . Almost every character became a hollowed out version of their former selves . And do n't tell me this is some sort of social realism , it was mostly just absurd . I felt angry with the creators and writers of this show by the end as they had taken an interesting show and debased it so horribly . I honestly do n't know how so many people can give this season decent reviews ? Either intelligence is being lost or maybe shallow spectacle is overtaking substance in culture , certainly in this season of ` Weeds ' . Maybe I value some depth to characters more than others . Try and find much of any human heart or compassion in anyone this season , outside of aspects of Andy ? This season of ` Weeds ' suffers in contrast with shows like ` Mad Men ' and ` Dexter ' that handle ` darkness ' and social commentary with much more subtley , nuance and insight . But that would be giving Weeds Season 4 too much credit .
 Weeds Season 4 - Disk 2 was damaged and locked up near the end of the first episode on the disk . None of the other episodes will run , it just locks up .
 I recently returned this product after one of the DVDs in the set failed to play properly ; I was dismayed to find that the brand new replacement I bought after having the first set refunded was just as bad , if not worse . There are glitches , freezes , and the DVDs themselves have black marks on them around the edges of the discs . Judging by the other customer reviews , I 'm not the first to encounter these problems . I 'd really like to own all of the seasons of Weeds since it 's one of my favorite shows , so this is a real bummer.As a side note , this set came taped up . The first one did n't , and it 's a pointless and irritating addition since removing the tape actually peeled some of the packaging artwork off with it and apparently did nothing to keep the DVDs safe . There were also a couple of gray foam cushion things inside that were just as unnecessary . What would be really helpful is if they would redesign the packaging to allow separate spaces for every DVD , rather than having the third DVD overlap the second . Whoever packaged this set is n't thinking very clearly .
 Aside from the hot cougar in this show , and yes I think she 's a decent actress the show just is n't funny or really intriguing . Also I always thought the plot was kinda bad . Whaaaaa ! I ca n't live in the wealthy suburbs I got ta turn to illegal drug trafficking . It would be one thing if if was to survive and barely cling to life . But this show is just about money loving people who wan na live the fine life at the expense of others!Its not the worse show on TV -LRB- DEXTER owns that -RRB- but there are much better programs out there .
 Season 4 brought about huge cast , plot , and setting changes . -LSB- Setting Changes -RSB- Old Setting
 Awesome show ! However dvd 's were poor quality , they skipped around a bunch on several different players . Did n't pay a lot for them , but a dissappointment .
 I was having trouble finding a copy of this classic movie anywhere . I was eccited to see a copy on DVD Unfortunatley the word &#34; COPY &#34; is correct . It was a copy . The quality is good and the Menu looks good but the disc was definetly a copy . The case was also a copy . I am glad to have this in my collection nonetheless but was upset it was not original .
 The Last of the Finest , 1990 filmWe see plainclothes policemen watching a suspected illegal operation at a meat market . Their call for backup goes unanswered . The crooks start a fire to destroy the evidence -LRB- drug smuggling -RRB- . These police are criticized for their actions . There is a meeting of businessmen , two discuss a transfer of goods . The police checked those ashes , paper money was burned . Is Frank in trouble ? His group is suspended because of the shooting . Can they plant a spy with Reece ? The men play football at a family picnic . Later Lt. Frank gets a late night phone call and goes there with his friends . They find two bodies , their informant and a girl . One pursues a fleeing man . They find another body . Lt. Frank Daly gets the blame . Will he resign ? Who will follow his example?They raise cash by crashing into a house . They buy equipment from a fence ! What will they do next ? They watch a suspect and follow him . There is a speech about `` freedom fighters '' in South America . This group has press passes to attend and photograph this meeting . They find a man who can read lips . They learn about Noringer , who has an impressive resum&eacute; . They see Army trucks entering Noringer 's shipyard . They enter the warehouse and see drug smuggling and gun running operations ! There are powerful and important people behind this operation . They gather bundles of $ 100 bills . They find an unusual place to hide it . `` They know its us ! '' A man invades Linda 's home and threatens her . Can they find a safe place ? `` They told us . '' What will they do with that money ? Who was the last man to see Tommy?Frank talks to Captain Torres about Tommy . This Captain will do anything to stop Communists . Frank wants a meeting with Noringer at Canyon Park . -LSB- Would they talk freely in front of the children ? -RSB- They prepare for the meeting at this baseball park . `` Take care of yourself . '' Noringer arrives in a helicopter with his bodyguards . `` Where 's the money ? '' There is a double-cross with a lot of shooting . There is an explosion as the police cars arrive . Another explosion to finalize the action . `` You should 've kept the money '' says one policeman . There is a sort of happy ending . A White House politician speaks nice slogans -LRB- to show his hypocrisy -RRB- . This is an average action movie and morality play that was inspired by the Reagan-Bush scandals of drug smuggling and gun running in Central America . A better story would have made a better movie . The actual location for this operation was not Los Angeles but Arkansas . You can assume that Governor was involved in some way . Terry Reed 's book `` Compromised '' has the uncensored details . Reagan 's Attorney-General was forced to resign after they found unlaundered drug money in his personal checking account ! The man responsible was later bumped off . Does anybody believe this policy was stopped ? Afghanistan is a main source of opium and heroin . The British fought two wars in the 1880s to try to gain control of this lucrative trade . The Russians invaded Afghanistan in 1980 to break up the big landed estates that raised opium . Who is profiting from this drug trade today ? Joe Domanick 's `` To Protect and Serve '' must have inspired parts of this story about Los Angeles .
 MAXIMUM VELOCITY 's script is so shoddily written and so many plot devices unexplained , one has to wonder what in the world it was made for . Seems like perennial bad guy Michael Ironside and the US AIR FORCE have developed a Storm Fury program that can generate devastating hurricanes , and has been designed as a weapon of destruction . However , when a black comet passes through the earth 's atmosphere , it causes a superstorm with the potential to devastate the entire east coast . Now Ironside seems to be doing good when Storm Fury is reinstituted to destroy this storm . The script is so wishy washy and unfocused that what little tension or suspense is generated is wasted on the muddled governmental interference . Dale Midkiff -LRB- Pet Sematary -RRB- is wasted in his good guy role , and the rest of the cast merely does their shtick . A disappointingly dull movie .
 I enjoyed the movie but , the movie kept freezing up on me . I used two different media sources to view the movie . Not very good quality . I 've never had a new movie freeze up like this one did . I will not use this buyer for any future purchases.Very disappointed !
 This dvd is a disappointment . I 'm not a huge fan of The Big Show , but I enjoy the quality of the biography features that the wwe puts out . This dvd lowers the quality a tad . The biography is barely passable and is far too short . It only lasts about 58 minutes . Most clock in 1:40 to 2 hours . They only spend about 10 minutes on Big Show 's WCW run , skipping over a lot of his feuds . They spend too much time talking about Knucklehead . They also skip over a lot of Big Show 's feuds in the WWE focusing way too much time on the Show/mayweather feud . Some of the matches on the dvd are good . They serve , mainly , as a nostalgic glimpse into the past . The later matches are n't as good . I hope this is not a new trend in wwe dvds .
 Love MMA is the only reason I did n't give it one star . Poor acting . In the the top 5 of the worst movies I have had the misery of watching .
 not sure why , but this movie just did not hold my child 's attention . he enjoys baby mozart etc. , baby songs , and usually sits still , enthralled by a movie when i put one on . this one just did not hold his attention .
 This video is boring and was definitely NOT engaging for my twins !!!!!!! Please , buy something else !
 NCIS is a great show , but this is the second time discs have been damaged . I purchased them new . Not too happy about that .
 This season was missing disc 6 which included the season finale . Everything else worked okay except I did not get to see the last 3 episodes of season three .
 The NCIS movie i ordered came in in a timely manner . It was in the condition stated at the time of purchase . These are the things i am very pleased with . Not having watched this series on tv as we do not have cable or an atenna in our home i was unaware of the skanky nature of this season . The intellegence and absence of immorality that i have seen on the few episodes i watched outside the home caused me to purchase . I am extremely disappointed in this episode and the following one . The rounchyness far out weighed the intellegence by far . Now i am very very leary about purchasing any other episodes . I did enjoyed episode one which i borrowed from my neice . The moral deploriaty is why we do not have cable or an atenna in our house . These have gone to the trash as is fitting for such lack of marality .
 FIRST TIME I ORDERED A MOVIE . I REALL HAVE N'T BEEN ABLE TO WATCH IT SINCE I DO N'T KNOW WHERE IT IS ON MY COMPUTER .
 Creo que por lo menos deben colocar subtitulos . Always is tha same thing we , the spanish speakers , get to wait for spanish version . Esto est&aacute; mal , anoche pre ordene la serie , pero hoy la voy a cancelar por que me di cuenta que no esta en espa & ntilde ; ol .
 I was kinda disapointed by this film.Hardcore and punk can sometimes represent what is beatiful and what life should be about . But this film is just sad . To see these musicians talk about how many people they fought and how much cooler they were than the rest is not punk at all . Punk is freedom and what hardcore became is prison . The conformity they tried to escape is what they became in the end .
 The name of the film is American Hardcore , but never once mentioned are seminal Hardcore legends Reagan Youth , Warzone and the Angry Samoans . The Dead Kennedys , Misfits , Husker Du , 7 Seconds and Suicidal Tendencies are briefly mentioned and in no way given their due . Much of the running time of the documentary focuses on the California , Boston and DC scenes . But how can you cover Cali in depth without delving deep into the Dead Kennedys ? The film is completely disjointed and has no rhyme or reason as they move from California to Boston back to California to DC and then briefly to New York . I know the intention was good but the product is subpar and heinously omits bands that should have gotten their 15 minutes for their contributions to this important underground scene . Not recommended .
 Fortunately I rented this from Neflix and did not buy it . I would not recommend that anyone who knows anything about or has any interest in American Hardcore buy this CD . First , it is impossible to document the history of this genre of American music without mentioning and focusing somewhat on the Dead Kennedys . DK was as important , if not more important , than Black Flag . This is a mess and should be avoided .
 I agree 100 % with reviews below that say this movie is basically just a disjointed collection of clips . Not having anything about bands like The Misfits and Dead Kennedys -LRB- to name 2 -RRB- in this movie is a disgrace . And as a Canadian I take offense to the fact that they use Joey Keithley as a source for a lot of interview material , with no mention that DOA were a Canadian band . Not part of the American Hardcore scene at all . The movie is really just a disapointment .
 They left out way to much !! I mean they kept going in circles with the same bands over and over again . Plus they dont mention alot of bands that had a big influence in the scene back in the day . Could have been way better .
 Too much BOSTON !!!!! and other than the straight edge nod Boston 's scene didntreally amount to much . Not enough LA. . not even a SINGLE DK mention ???? cmon
 An ok attempt at explaining what really happened during this era . Most of the concert footage was pretty unsatisfying for someone who was there . Bad Brains were depicted well and Keith Morris is always entertaining . The movie title references years 1980-1986 but I am not really sure why the only Gang Green concert footage was from 1987 . There was no mention of Dead Kennedys , Social Distortion or Misfits which seemed strange .
 This documentary cames across to me as being VERY disingenuous and full of faulty reminiscence -- basically , a reminder that eye witness accounts , especially in retrospect , should be taken with more than a grain of salt.This film is a documentary of sorts about the early hardcore punk scene -- post-Sex Pistols and post-Ramones , after the initial flux of punk rock . America faced a new threat -LRB- the Reagan era -RRB- , and a whole new crew of young kids had reason to feel ousted from the dream world of the institutions of the country.And so began a nationwide network of bands who pressed their own records , drew their own album covers and played in laundromats and abandoned gas stations . Bands who slept on the floors of apartments of other bands and knew that their time was short , because their music was all about energy and rage and throwing your fist at whatever face was nearby . And they called themselves hardcore . In the course of this documentary are interviews with members of Bad Brains , Minor Threat , Black Flag , The Circle Jerks , SSD , Jerry 's Kids , and all kinds of punk rockers who lived and thrashed in those days.But just like the conservative fantasy of the ` good ol' days , ' when , as Reagan himself put it so appropriately , `` before there were racial problems in America , '' we know that reminiscence can lie , and even those who lived and worked in the days that are being reminisced upon can often get them wrong . There are moments of wonderful honesty in this film about the unreserved anger and energy of the early-80s hardcore scene , both its glories and its horrors , and then there are people who just want to feel important and self-righteous , and unfortunately this film can not distinguish between the two.There are some moments to admire -- H.R. of Bad Brains is , as always , a joy to hear , mainly because of the spirituality he infuses into music . He discusses not so much the glory of the scene itself but he and the band 's philosophy behind their actions . Rollins and Ginn of Black Flag remain steadfastly honest about their scene and their roles in it . Rollins especially carries the distinction of a man who knows who he is and who he has been , able to look at the drive towards violence in the scene , and report on the abuses he took from police , but also able to look back and know that it was a momentary scene , good for what it could do but also knowing that the violence could only go so far , as Ginn acknowledges as his reason for getting out.But there is a lot that this film very much white-washes or simply ignores . The minority -LRB- and sometimes hatred -RRB- of women , which is dealt with in an obligatory couple of minutes , kind of like watching a black man tap-dance on the white-as-hell `` Lawrence Welk Show , '' insisting that there were women in the scene , but the few provided stills conflicting with the primarily testosterone-packed live footage.But my main issue has to do with the overtones of White Power that eventually took over the hardcore scene and had its roots in the early 80s , while in this movie those overtones dismissed by Ian MacKaye insisting that there is `` no racism '' about the Minor Threat song , `` Guilty of Being White . '' The 80s hardcore scene used White Power and Nazi references in two different ways
 Great book , awesome topic , engaging interviews and cool live footage -- so , why was the movie so disappointing ? Maybe it 's because it was so disjointed and never put the various scenes in context -LRB- especially chronological context -RRB- . Maybe it 's because nearly every interviewee said the same thing -- all fans of hardcore punk were losers/outcasts -LRB- not true ! -RRB- , the scene was a reaction against the oppressive climate in the early '80s , including Fleetwood Mac , disco , `` coke snorting Hollywood types '' -LRB- these parts made me cringe -- so did the interviews with guys like Keith Morris , who reveal themselves in their old age to be inarticulate burnouts -RRB- . I agree with the other posts as well -- no DKs ? no Misfits ? no Husker Du ? . It 's like Hardcore for Dummies , but since the movie never scratches below the surface and never presents the material in a coherent manner , even dummies wo n't be any smarter about the topic after watching it ! Hopefully , someone will do it right one day .
 Two-star rating for the live footage alone . Waaaaay too many douchebags are interviewed . Idiots/burnouts like Bruce Loose , Springa , Vinnie Stigma and Jimmy Gestapo make me embarrassed to be a fan of independent music in general . Jack Grisham is the biggest offender -LRB- `` huh-huh , I 'm cool and edgy because I pissed on a passed-out girl '' -RRB- . That 's not a fault of the film though , as these people were idiots back then too , so it is historically accurate . I ca n't believe the short-shrift that the midwest got -- some of the best bands came from that region . Oh well . Rent it for the footage . Oh , and HR looks really old .
 Just watched `` American Hardcore '' , about the American punk scene from 1980 to 1986 . It is either depressing or reassuring -LRB- have n't decided which -RRB- to realize the middle aged punks are as full of crap as the middle aged hippies were.Of course , now - all these years later - they have well thought out reasons for the music and their involvement in it . It seems these boys -LRB- and they were all boys then -RRB- sat down and thought out the political and social ramifications of the movement they were involved with . It was all about politics and equality.The highlights include Henry Rollins telling us '' ... bands were starting to network . '' Network ... Bad Brains wallowing in their greatness of yesteryear . Like the old burnout in the bar telling anyone who 'll listen what a great high school football player he was in 1981 ... Or Moby -LRB- yes , Moby -RRB- saying that punks '' ... created something that 's so much better than the milieu that we 're being rejected by . '' Moby -LRB- yes , Moby -RRB- talking about the punk milieu . Milieu.I never thought of the punk scene as a hotbead of white liberal guilt . I was wrong.One punker -LRB- THE SON OF A UNITED STATES SENATOR -RRB- talked about how being a punk was legitimately becoming a member of a minority . You know , like ... uh , well , black people.The real lesson of `` American Hardcore '' is that , with age , everyone -LRB- no exceptions -RRB- becomes completely and utterly full of -LRB- expletive -RRB- .
 What a disappointment this film is . Of all the cultural movements of the past fifty years , few have been more deserving of a documentary than the ` 80s hardcore punk scene -- particularly in light of the almost total corporate takeover of what used to be called underground music.Unfortunately , the filmmakers took a compelling topic and turned it into a grade-school quality video zine . `` American Hardcore '' is a cheap montage of grainy footage and semi-coherent interviews with washed-up musicians , only a few of whom -LRB- The Cro-Mags ? Give me a bloody break ! -RRB- had any real influence on the scene.This is the ultimate insider movie
 Definitely not worth the time to watch . Acting sucked . If they were trying to portrait underground movies of the 1960 's - they missed the mark . I do n't think I have ever seen such poorly trained actors . Hope they did n't get paid . There should be a rating of Zero , One star was too good a rating for this crap .
 terrible . not worth the money for a used/new one . terrible acting and plot line . i usually like this cheap and strange movies , but i absolutely did n't like this one .
 Do n't even remember watching it , could not have been very good ! Whoever created this should find another career . Best of luck !
 Certainly not one of Tony 's best efforts . Much of the script is laughable , but the story line is better than comparable low budget films from this period.You know the plot . Ancient Egyptian Princess and Priest fall in love , break the rules , get burried alive only to be resurected when archeologists find the un-marked tomb . Like the original Karlof , this mummy looks pretty much normal once the bandages come off.I ca n't give this one more than 2 stars , but it still has a spot in my movie cabinet !
 Very disappointing drama -LRB- done in by a cliche-ridden script and rather uninspiring performances -RRB- of two Cuban brothers coming to America to make a name for themselves . Banderas and Assante are n't believable for a second as the two Cubanos , neither is the love affair between Banderas and Moriarty .
 This is really one of the worst movies that I have ever seen . It does an injustice to the Pulitizer Prize winning novel titled `` The Mambo Kings Play Songs Of Love '' which the movie is based on.If you must see this movie , check it out at a local library , or rent it , but do n't spend the money to own this video . You 're much better off reading the novel .
 I was n't expecting much when I rented this DVD at Blockbuster , and I was right not to.It takes place in Antarctica , but none of the actors look like it is cold outside . CGI is ridiculously cheesy -LRB- typical of a SyFy movie -RRB- , far too many closeups of the actors ' faces on the outside shots -LRB- clearly an attempt to conceal the fact they are on a movie set -RRB- and SPOILER ALERT ! the worst `` robot Hitler '' CGI you can imagine.Nothing that happened in this movie surprised me one bit , and it is clear to see why Dominique Swain 's and Jake Busey 's careers circled the drain at least a decade ago.The only reason why I gave this film TWO stars instead of ONE is because the premise of the film attracted me
 If you can imagine a script written by 6th grade boys for an adult audience then you 've seen this movie.Hitler and fellow Nazis build a massive caverned city with super advanced technology beneath Antarctic ice without being seen and despite all the implausibilities -LRB- impossible -80 degree freezing conditions , needing massive resources , not being seen while doing so -RRB- . Over a period of decades they exist and manage to capture Antarctica researchers to experiment upon . Their goal is to destroy all of the world with this space ship they constructed under the ice . All is foiled by a couple of captive researchers disarming all the Nazis and escaping to freedom . Really bad post edited CGI of a hole in the space ship dooming it to fall.Really bad effects - ice looks like styrofoam cutouts , toy models for the buildings and vehicles . Equally bad acting and dialogue . Has Jake Busey and a lot of actors experienced in video shorts & TV spots so that should prepare you . Actors could only manage a few words of dialogue at a time while simultaneously forgetting what facial expression was suppose to go with what they said . Cheap props like laser guns with post edited flashes and sounds effects like they were purchased at Toys R'Us .
 I watched as much as I could of this dreck , wondering why Jake Busey and Dominique Swain would waste their time working on such nonsense . Bad acting , poor effects , silly dialogue , and a totally improbable scenario here .
 `` Nazis at the Center of the Earth '' is just bad . Not bad in a `` good '' way . Not so bad that it is funny . It is just really , really bad . I actually did force myself to watch it all the way through , but could n't do it in one sitting -LRB- it took four -RRB- . I generally like Sci-Fi movies that other reviewers pan , but this is one case where I really wish my better judgement had won out.If you really must see every bad movie ever made , here is what you can expect : No plot spoilers from me
 I was warned by many that this is a one star movie at best . Silly me I had to see for may self . If there is someone you do not like then you can recommend this movie to them.Not that the premise is bad enough , that of Nazis surviving in the underworld but the film itself had cheep graphics and stilted dialog . The actors looked like porn star rejects . They did not even try to be campy . The gory parts were pathetic and anatomically incorrect.Do not let your fast forward button over heat.I am going to cut the review short before I barf .
 What to say about this movie ? Terrible , wooden , hack acting . Bad/uneven lighting . Terrible CGI special effects . Hitler 's over-acting head on a bad CGI robotic body . Nazi UFO . Hack job rip-off ofIron Sky.Frankly , the special features , for what they are , are actually more interesting than the movie itself . Not that they 're super-interesting . But thee are features on pre-production , cast & location and one on the main production . Each one is all of about 5 + minutes long.And there 's a commentary track.But those are about the only special features and hardly salvage this stink-burger . Overall , I 'll rate this one a ` pass . ' I might pick up Iron Sky at some point and see if it 's any better , what-so-ever . One can hope . But the general premise is hokey to begin with , so I 'm not holding out much hope on that one either . = o \
 Wow , truly how many plot lines can you put into a single movie ? We start with the creation of the 4th Reich by escaping SS troops and scientists . Then we get zombie super troopers , forced abortion as a cure , a nazi spaceship , robo-hitler , etc. . . Do n't pay more than $ 5 for this movie , that includes shipping . It had a few funny moments , but not many . The special effects were n't too bad , at least it was n't a rocket on a string with a fire cracker in the tail . The actors were mostly supporting actors tossed into leading roles , or more like co-leading roles .
 With a title like this , how can a cult film fan turn it down ? After all , who else would this film be aimed at?Unfortunately , a cool title and wacky premise is all the movie really has going for it . I mean , it is just barely interesting enough to sit through -LRB- and that 's being generous , judging from the reviews here and other sites -RRB- . The wonderful folks at Asylum -LRB- a cult film company that makes Full Moon look like Paramount -RRB- must think cult film fans are real idiots and will greet anything cheap and offbeat with open arms . Sorry , but you need a bit more than a snappy title and crazy ideas to make a cult classic . It 's all in the execution.The plot -LRB- if you really care , and if the title had n't tipped you off -RRB- is about a bunch of scientists in Antarctica -LRB- nobody in this movie looks cold -RRB- who are captured by Dr. Josef Mengele and his Nazi goons , who have been living under the frozen surface for decades . How have they been living there for so long ? By swapping out body parts of course ! Fresh body parts are hard to come by in Antarctica , so Mengele has employed a traitorous scientist , Jake Busey , to lure scientific teams into the hands of the Nazis . This newest batch is wanted , not just for their parts , but their scientific expertise . You see , the Nazis are still hellbent on world domination , and they need to get their robot Hitler up and running before they can proceed with their `` Fourth Reich '' scenario . Hitler 's head has been preserved , and attached to what looks like the evil `` Cain '' robot from Robocop 2 . Will our scientist heroes free themselves from the clutches of the Nazis and stop their dastardly plan ? Of course they will ! Like they 'd make a movie where the Nazis actually succeeded in their plan and took over the world!Again , plotwise , it 's schlock heaven , but realitywise , it 's crap . One of my biggest gripes about this -LRB- and so many of it 's kind made these days -RRB- is that CG is relied on for damn near EVERYTHING ! I realize in this day and age , that this is the most economic way to get a film made , especially a cheap exploitation-type film ... But I really do n't care . It 's lazy and looks terrible , absolutely terrible . It looks so bad that it is a major distraction , and half the time you 're wondering if you 're watching a movie or a Playstation game . Of course , anymore the lines are becoming blurry between the two.But other than that -LRB- which is a big deal -RRB- there is n't much else engaging going on . There 's alot of crazy stuff you could do with the concept , but it 's all kinda halfassed here . The actor playing Mengele is decent , as is some of the mutant Nazi makeup -LRB- yes , the only thing that is n't CG ! -RRB- , and those things very well may be the only things that kept me -LRB- barely -RRB- holding on for almost 90 minutes.You 're much better off revisiting Ilsa-She Wolf Of The SS , an exploitation flick done right ... and on about a third of the budget of this film !
 Ok , anybody who know this studio , knows that they have been putting out lots and lots of bad movies in the last few years.Most of their movies ... end up as drink coasters as you surely dont want to endurethe viewing pain again.But in the last year or two ... they have managed to go from 0 -1 stars rating toa 2-3 star rating as once in a while they get lucky and have a decent flick.There are a lot of problems with this movie , and as per the extras , its a firsttime director also ... The story promise is good and we expect some good stuff . I really wanted it to workafter spending hard earned money for this.This is what i got : Music
 This film is painfully bad ; it has nothing that is n't a clishay , and badly done at that.Nazis excape to a warm forested underground world , have flying saucers and disintergration guns . Hitlers head is grafted onto a huge robot body , and he plans to infect the ` non arian ' countries with flesh eating bacteria.The head on a robot sceens are just campy enough to watch on youtube for schear weirdness , but the other 120 minutes of this flick are torture to watch . 5 NEGIVITIVE stars !
 I ca n't believe how awful this movie was and I love zombie movies . It was like watching a SyFy movie of the week . Waste of $ $ $ $ . Sucked .
 You 've heard of B rate spaghetti westerns and B rate scifi , Well I give this `` D '' . Gary 's son needs to get a really good part with some really good acting in it , or he is gon na be type cast forever . Like the first guy said , If your a fan of really bad Scifi , then this movie is for you . I should have rented it before I bought it . It would have been cheaper , and it would n't be in my collection . On a better note , The Asylum does put out some pretty good B rate stuff . Later Dudes .
 I am a big fan of Asylum 's super-cheesy dreadful movies . I and my friends love to get together with some beers and popcorn and laugh at the ridiculousness of movies like `` Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies , '' so we were looking forward to this movie featuring zombie Nazis and mecha-Hitler . Sounds like a great time , right?WRONG . ALL OF THE WRONG . This is a disturbing movie with multiple scenes of sexual violation and explicit and graphic violence . I love the ridiculous , but this is n't even ridiculous . It 's just horrific and disgusting and made everyone at movie night feel complicit in the violence . Not even the appearance of mecha-Hitler at the end could save this movie . I am extremely sorry to have ever wasted $ 4 and 2 hours of my life on this , and would suggest that anyone looking for a cheesy good time stay far , far away from this . You ca n't laugh at this . You ca n't make fun of it . You just have to sit there while zombies rape women and Nazis peel people 's faces off . If you like that , then I guess this is your movie , but if you 're just looking for a fun time with friends , pick literally anything else .
 The Asylum has the reputation of putting out quickly produced rip-offs of major studio movies . Well they have gone across the Atlantic to `` borrow '' their next production . A Finish/German/Austrailian co-production called IRON SKY in which as a last ditch effort to save the 3rd Reich in the form of a base on the moon comes to fruition in 2018 when they return.The Asylum moved the new base to Antarctica and into the earth , added Josef Mengele , some flesh transplants and flesh eating bacteria bombs to this mess . I like some of the Asylum films because they are fun and SOMETIMES are pretty good . But after recently seeing IRON SKY this was painful to watch.The sets were pretty much non existant using warehouses for all the interiors -LRB- do n't think a cinder block wall would be found inside a UFO -RRB- . The only effects that worked were the air battles at the end and the `` machine '' Mengele is trying to get to work . This one is best LEFT at the center of the earth !
 To say this movie is the worst movie I have ever seen would be a compliment . It is simply too easy to just give a review like that , so I will explain why . The acting
 First off its in Japanese and did n't come with subtitles -LRB- at least for kindle -RRB- . Girls get attacked by evil ninjas women who spend most of the movie beating and choking the heroes . The action scenes are right out of 1970 's scripted wrestling . Our heroins get punched , knocked to the ground , and kicked repeatedly -LRB- usually in the head -RRB- then get up and run away . I suppose that getting punched and kicked for 5-10 minutes and not being hurt is easily possible since it hardly ever looked like any of the blows made contact.This movie has no nudity , sexuality , or real plot . Its just a long poor mock combatfest that actually makes the Power Rangers look realistic by comparison . Save the precious minutes of your life by NEVER watching this !
 This movie is a whitewash of a man whose science was sloppy at best , and whose methodology was nothing short of evil.Kinsey asked Abraham Maslow -LRB- Maslow 's Hierarchy of Needs -RRB- to review his work ; Maslow warned him that his data was intrinsically flawed due to the nature of the the report 's participants . Kinsey 's respondents in his survey were all self-selected , as opposed to a randomly sampled selection of participants . Self-selected participants of a sex survey in 1948 were , not surprisingly , an abberrent representation of the population . Additionally , as it was so difficult finding respondents , Kinsey redefined `` married '' women as any woman cohabitating with a man for more than a year . This resulted in prostitutes and others on the margins of society being labeled as typical American housewives.Kinsey set out to prove that all children are sexual from the moment of birth , and that only `` repressive '' societal attitudes precluded children from enjoyment as sexual beings . He enlisted pedophiles to violate young children , and record their results . To read the data about the systematic rape and molestation of children and infants as young as 2 months old is to be sickened.Judith Reisman has written numerous books on Kinsey , and many of her articles and op-eds can be found online . Read Dr. Reisman 's work , decide for yourself .
 Some good performances , especially by Linney & Lithgow , but a rather tedious Hollywood movie . Even so , it is worth slogging your way through to the end for the piece de resistance
 This movie runs around 2 hours , I was checking my watch at an hour and fifteen minutes . Wooden peformances abound . In some ways , Kinsey patterns itself after Shindler 's List -- down to the teary finale and participant interviews.There are more than a few heavy handed moments ; a lesbian who redeems Kinsey when all seems lost , the sexual predator with a massive hardback volume documenting his exploits , and last but not least around 2 minutes of silent credits at the end designed to encourage applause . But I was laughing .
 I have never written one of these reviews before , but I felt compelled to warn potential KINSEY viewers that it is completely wretched and overflowing with awfulness . Do NOT be fooled by rave notices . This is a movie about people who are uncomfortable with sex that will make you uncomfortable with sex . And the sex ? It 's clumsey and passionless.The miracle of KINSEY is that it manages to make some very actors look talentless and stiff . Did I say stiff ? Sorry . But I did not believe one minute of one scene . Maybe it improved in the second half , which I did not see.If I had paid to see this ugly cur in a theatre , I would have cried like a baby until they gave me my money back .
 Good news
 The real Kinsey was no ` hero ' ; he used stats for his ` study ' on the sexual response of children - the information he took from one source , a convicted paedophile 's own journal.With such scientific ` backing ' as this , the real Kinsey then published these derranged fantasies as fact .
 Want to see ugly people have awkward sex ? And listen to them chat about it in endless , clinical fashion when they 're not engaging in it ? Well friends , do I have a drawn-out , fake-bio for you ! Like many Hollywood movies today , it strives to make a hero out of a guy who really was n't . Liam Neeson portrays Alfred Kinsey , the researcher who wrote the famous human sexuality books in the 40s . The writers of the film would have you believe people were not enjoying or speaking about sex until Kinsey was brave enough to write about . That seems a bit specious , especially since my great-grandparents owned a thriving sex shop on Nantucket in the 30s ... I think ... maybe it was a cheese shop . Anyway , Kinsey was just a nerdy , pervy guy who enjoyed interviewing people about their sexual positions and proclivities and writing boring tomes about his findings - a good job if you can get a major university to fund it . The film tried unsuccessfully to be both cute and serious , but did succeed in being long , predictable and unsightly . Now I could be wrong , but I 'm pretty certain not everyone was startlingly homely in the olden day , but geez Louise , the casting agent for this over-hyped dud made sure to fill the film with a bunch of serious ugs -LRB- check out all his assistant 's wives ... yikes ! -RRB- . Kinsey 's lovin ' scenes with a dowdy Laura Linney are brutal -LRB- and at times , meant to be -RRB- and the following is not a spoiler , but a warning
 Like the `` Human Stain , '' this movie is all about people you do n't like doing things that are immoral and unscrupulous in the name of some higher pursuit only the authors , screenwriters and producers who had anything to do with this `` cinematic stain '' know of . Alfred Kinsey comes from a straightlaced Protestant background , loving and hating his father and -LRB- inevitably for Hollywood -RRB- becoming bisexual . -LRB- Apparently bisexuals are the new heroes of Hollywood . -RRB- Kinsey 's psychology is so screwed up he can not relate to people unless sexually . Thus he arrives at the greatest scam - er , scholarly project of his time
 This movie is an utterly tedious treatment of a very interesting topic . Everything in it is stale and trite , and it plods along from incident to incident , without any drama at all . It 's a rare movie with good production values and fine actors that I can not sit through , but I pushed the OFF button on this one after an hour or so .
 In the last 20 or so years Kinsey 's work has been the subject of a lot of investigation.The main cause for concern is Kinsey 's documentation of orgasms in very young children . His works include data on more than 400 children , ranging from 5 months old to late teens.He reported that children under the age of one could achieve orgasm -LRB- yes , he used that word -RRB- with the assistance of a partner.Kinsey deduced that these babies were having orgasms because of `` violent cries '' , `` sobbing '' , and an `` abundance of tears '' . This was all reported as if it were fact -LRB- never mind the child abuse -RRB- . Yes , interfering with a child makes the child cry.And Kinsey 's alarming conclusions about these cries being indicative of orgasm are not in any way examined by this film.Neither is the fact that at best he could have only gleaned this information from pedophiles , many of whom remained active and continued to report back to Kinsey.It would be best here not to jump to Kinsey 's defense , as if he were some wronged hero of sexual truth and liberation . It would be best if a few more people got a grip of themselves and asked , `` What exactly was going on when Kinsey reported that hundreds of children and babies were having orgasms with the help of partners ? ''
 This Hollywood creation was warned about by Dr. Judith Reisman , the former Dept. of Justice researcher who is the leading expert on the damaging influence of Alfred Kinsey in American History . Her book , `` Kinsey
 a movie about a disgusting man that exploited the innocence of CHILDREN to further his research . a disgrace to humanity , and a disgrace to the political left .
 This film does not in anyway deal sufficiently with Alfred Kinsey 's outrageous moral neutrality concerning child molesters . It also completely ignores his shoddy scholarship . Kinsey 's studies were so severely flawed that they are virtually useless . He allowed his near obsessive agenda to destroy society 's consensus sexual mores to interfere with his obligations as a scientist . To be blunt , this movie presents a false picture regarding this controversial figure . And there is simply no excuse for this to occur . The evidence has long been available to assist the film makers to present a more accurate story line.Kinsey is a cruel reminder of how much Hollywood 's liberal establishment is committed to changing our culture . Yes , the acting is superb and Bill Conden 's directing skills are quite laudable . Technically this movie is admittedly well done . Nonetheless , it flaws leave me no choice but to give it only two stars . It might also behoove you to read Susan Brinkman ` s The Kinsey Corruption . She more than adequately rebukes the hagiographic fantasies of his dogmatic worshipers .
 Too bad I can not give this movie a 0 star.How can we sit back and approve a movie about a horrible human being like Kinsey?How can Hollywood create such a movie . First Larry Flint , and now Kinsey . Sheesh!Kinsey 's theories and his life are evil on the same level that Hilter 's theories about the Jews and his life were evil.As other reviewers have noted , Kinsey was not alone in what he was trying to do , in separating sex from love , commitment , childbearing , and decency , taking a set of God-given feelings out of their natural and human-relationship-building context.Even though he was not the first , Kinsey 's psuedo-science was used to justify many a seduction by many a man seeking to get a woman to bed without loving her . His false science has been used to `` prove '' a prevalence of homosexuality that in fact does not exist and to `` prove '' to many a predatory male that his seduction of a child is a good and natural thing.Alfred Kinsey is behind the priest pedophile scandal in the Catholic Church , because the bishops believed the sex experts . And the priest pedophile 's believed Kinsey and his ilk . Why is a society that believes in Kinsey 's theories so angry about the priest pedophiles ? They were only doing what Kinsey taught is a good and natural thing . After all the outrage , I would think that the proponents of child sexual exploitation would lie low for a while . But instead , Hollywood makes a movie about the man that started it all.Alfred Kinsey is behind the justification of psychologists in journals that I have read that say the only harm that comes to children who are sexually molested by adults is when the mothers discover the molestation and make a fuss . Alfred Kinsey is behind the huge change in this society , and it is not a good change.Dr . Judith Reisman , Ph.D. , has publicized the fact that 86 % of Kinsey 's so-called normal subjects were really pedophiles , convicts , and pimps . His `` findings '' from this class of perverts have been used to normalize behaviors that are rank and abnormal.It 's a sin and a shame.Any of you reading this might be startled to hear about the world before Kinsey . People used to marry and then make love and set up housekeeping together . Divorce was so uncommon it was a scandal . Everyone agreed it was wrong to leave a husband or wife for someone new.Young women and men did n't get turned out en masse to emotionless sex at an early age , and they did n't have to face the pain of going through one `` relationship '' after another somehow hoping that love could be created out of using . They did n't marry after years of indecision about whether their live-in mate was the `` right '' person , and they did n't marry thinking that divorce was an easy out if something or someone better came along.Of course , the worst thing is Kinsey 's `` data '' collection about child sexuality . Instead of turning in a man who sexually abused thousands of children , Kinsey eagerly collected his data about that pervert 's inducing orgasms -- even in babies.This man deserves a movie glorifying his life ? What kind of a world are we living in ?
 In retrospection , Kinsey is over-rated . It rides on the 21st century 's fetish of sexuality and pretends to be another `` Beautiful Mind '' but fails and flops . It is one of those pretentious artistic attempt .
 I chose not to see this movie because of an enlightening review by Michael Medved , who has a pretty solid system for rating movies . Here 's the link
 I went to see the film on a sunday and expected it to be unbelievable . It got excellent reviews , and I know people who said it was excellent . The baggining of the movie was very catchy and entertaining . It was more about his life . But then he started doing the interviews . Then that 's what the whole movie was about . It was about his studies not him . I found it a bit of a bore . The ending was good though . When the woman told him he was a hero . If you are looking for a movie about Alfred Kinsey . Its not . Its just about his studies .
 Alfred Kinsey , brought up by a a very strict and judgmental father , grows up to study and become obsessed with gall wasps . He becomes a brilliant , if nerdy professor , and his future wife Clara -LRB- one of his students -RRB- has to practically throw herself at him to get his attention . Once they marry , she gives up her studies to raise four children -LRB- one died , but this is n't shown -RRB- , and stand by her man . Kinsey become interested in sex research due to problems encountered by young married students , and the silly myths that they hear , believe and contintue to propagate.He hires some students to begin the surveys . They must memorize a code , as well as 350 questions to ask their subjects . Kinsey has an affair with one of his helpful researchers , but since the actors portraying Wardell and Clyde were so similar , I could n't tell them apart . His wife later has an affair with the same man . In the movie that 's that , but in real life , they had an open marriage.The film insults the movie-goer 's intelligence toward the end , when Kinsey interviews his strait-laced , critical father after his mother 's funeral . In reality , his moralistic father divorced his mother in 1930 , and Kinsey never spoke to him after that.Kinsey -LRB- as shown in the movie -RRB- seems a bit confused by his sexual research - on the one hand he wants to keep it clinical , purely physical , on the other , he comes to the realization that all this playing around can end up getting someone hurt . But he becomes as obsessed with it as he was with the gall wasps .
 I 'm taking sociology and this `` movie '' of what some might call trash was mandatory to watch and answer questions on . Well first off , let me start by saying that this movie has highly explicit sexually content in it . Men will pull down their pants and reveal their private parts -LRB- just to show how fast they can have an erection and whether or not it can be done in ten seconds -RRB- faster than you can react . I fully understand that children need to be informed about their anatomy in courses such as health class and medical patients need a reliable doctor who actually has actuate research and proven studies in order to help them , that much is certain , but Kinsey 's research takes this a step too far . Kinsey and his family constantly talk about sex at the dinner table or anywhere for that matter , so much so that the neighbors do n't even what their kids to associate with them . Kinsey 's son brings this up and storms away from the table , because practically every conversation or sentence that Kinsey spews out of his mouth is about intercourse . But instead of feeling sympathy for the boy for being labeled as an outcast thanks to his father , Kinsey decides to scream directly at him and tell him that there 's something wrong with his head . Yes , I 'm well aware that sex is a part of life , we would n't be alive this very day if it were n't for it , but when you as a researcher decide to take the initiative and sleep with your patients , I 'm sorry but there 's something wrong with you . One important aspect of research is to record the behaviors of others and not interfere . Well speaking of interfering , in the beginning of the film Kinsey invites a few of his students to his house to make them more trusting of him , -LRB- he happens to be married by the way -RRB- and eventually one student stays behind , and meets up with him every day , in other words he practically lives with them . He even carries groceries alongside the wife , until one fateful day , he decides to sleep with this male student . And once he tells his infuriated wife what he 's done , he literally uses the excuse , `` It 's just a part of research ! '' But hey ! It ca n't possible get any worse right !? Later on his wife asked him if he can sleep with the very same man that Kinsey slept with , and what does Kinsey say , `` Sure ! GO ahead honey ! '' After all , it 's just research . But even later on , Kinsey , being the smart man that he is marries this home wrecker off to his own daughter . A man that has slept with your mother and father is now going to take a crack at you . Unsurprisingly , the marriage does n't work out and this man starts to physically fight another man whom he 's also shared sexual relations with , who also happens to be married with children as well . Kinsey even states in this ridiculous film , `` Sexual offenders -LRB- such as rapist and pedophiles for example -RRB- have no right to be thrown in jail since they do the exact same things that everyone else keeps hidden '' , despite the fact that sexual offenders force individuals to do things against their will . At first I was angry while watching the movie , -LRB- and I kinda still am -RRB- but now I ca n't help but laugh , in knowing how truly crazy this man is . He wanted truthful information about people 's bodies and behaviors but did n't go about it the right way . He should have just stuck with interviews and ambiguous surveys , but instead he laid out bed spreads and told people to have sex on them , while at the same time video taping them . A side note , towards the end of the film , when Kinsey gets upset he decides to stab is own privet part and his terrified wife watches the blood drip out . I still do n't understand why he even did it but his response was , `` Well that was only slightly pleasurable ... '' He then communes with a pedophile whose had sex with thousands upon thousands of individuals -LRB- including adults , teenagers , young children and even infants , YES INFANTS ! -RRB- but instead of prosecuting this individual he just takes a journal about his sexual exploits and skims through it . But this is just one pedophile , there are countless others . He interviews range from grandmothers to strippers , and takes the time out of his day to observe women pleasuring themselves and inspects their private areas . You see , in Kinsey 's mind , even babies have orgasms once touched sexually and when they 're crying , they 're having an orgasm . I do n't even want to know how he even got that information . Messing with infants ... . I have nothing else left to say ...
 I am not going to find much support when I begin to talk about this review as I have read so many others talk about how beautiful , powerful , and intense this film was . I , sadly , did not see that at all . Director Bill Condon has done so much better than this , in fact Gods & Monsters still remains a favorite film of mine , but with Kinsey he was working with a larger budget , bigger actors that can not necessarily act well , and a time constraint that ultimately forces bad decisions in the editing room . This inevitably left the film choppy , gaping holes in the plot , and a complete lack of respect for this radical intellectual . While most will disagree with what I am talking about , I am going to explain to the best of my ability why this film failed.To begin , let 's talk about the biggest problem with this film , the editing . Maybe it was just I , but as this film reel was moving , I felt that there were crucial moments that were left out , forgotten about , or just ignored . I felt as if I was playing a two-hour game of hopscotch , jumping from moment to moment , never really settling down to tell the story . To begin , we start the film with Kinsey talking his own `` Sex Test '' as he demonstrates to his new crew on the different ways to proctor the test . Condon uses this technique to show Kinsey 's past life and how it influences his answers . This was great . I loved learning about this man this way , but then suddenly it just stops . We are not shown anything else , and this style is ultimately dropped for something more `` modern '' . By `` modern '' I mean flashing images of faces , prop cars , and darkened video shots , instead of this already defined crisp introduction . Then , as if to slap us in the face , we are reminded of it at the end . Either keep it , or loose it , do not reintroduce it at the end to attempt to bring the film full circle . It just did n't cut it for me . Then there were parts that were not explained in any way . Who was the man that they meet in the hotel ? I did n't really care about him at all , I could see the Condon wanted to show a possible version of Kinsey in a couple of years , but in the short amount of time that we meet him it is hard to fully grasp anything . Next , there was the claim that Kinsey was becoming too `` preachy '' . When did this happen ? I know that Condon wanted him to seem more and more like his father Lithgow , but to just throw this line in there when it really did n't fit with the rest of the film did n't work for me again . Next was the entire `` government '' conspiracy thing that we blew over in a blink of an eye . The looming guy in the darkened corner seemed cheap to me instead of driving any emotion , I found myself chuckling at the overused clich&eacute; . It just felt as if Condon had `` X '' amount of time to fit this amazing person 's life and chose to cut and paste instead of tell a story . It felt like a collage instead of a storybook.After the choppy editing , I found myself taken aback by the acting . It was not good . Neeson shows that he can pull of a different character than we have seen in the past , but it is constantly garbaged with the acting of his fellow co-stars . Linney plays the exact same character she plays in every film . I saw characters of her Love Actually performance and Mystic River all in `` Mac '' . She brought nothing new to the table . Peter Sarsgaard read his lines with the greatest ease possible , but did not act them . He was not cast well for the part . He needs more work before he can handle a role such as this . Then there was the ever-popular Chris O'Donnell who constantly was a source of hysteria throughout the entire film . It felt as if he was there for eye candy and nothing more . The only two actors that I can say anything positive about are Tim Curry and John Lithgow , who in constant darkness was the shining light of the film.Finally , and this is going to be a tough one to talk about , but I need to say it . If someone other than Condon had directed this film I think the focus would have been different . I constantly support same sex marriage and relationships , but I did n't think that was going to be the central focus of this film . Every time we started to learn about Kinsey and about his life , we were pulled back into this gay-straight issue that seemed to overshadow the rest of Kinsey 's work . It felt that Condon was placing too much focus on the `` gay '' issue , especially the gay male issue . I think that if a female or perhaps even another male director would have directed this film , we would have seen another side of this issue . Again , I do n't want it to seem like I am upset about this , I just thought that there was just too much focus on this singular issue . This made the tear jerking commentary by the woman at the end seem a bit too Hollywood and surprising . What was the overall point of having her in the film ? I realize that Kinsey has opened doors , but he has opened doors all around and we all have similar stories , why did hers need to be showcased , and why was the idea of a gay woman never explored ? Who knows , I just felt a bit overburden with the issue when I think it could have been said that Kinsey explored all issues , gay or straight , he tried to open the door to this already taboo subject of sex.Overall , I just did n't like it.Grade
 This movie was long , drawn out and slow . If you want to know about the personal life of Alfred Kinsey , just read an article about him on an online encyclopedia.The worst part of the movie was the horrible makeup job done to make Liam Neeson look like he was in his 20 's . In fact , it was pretty disturbing .
 This is a film utterly lacking in any kind of dramatic continuity or prevailing sense of character . This is both the fault of writer/director Bill Condon and his main performer , Liam Neeson , who gives a terrible performance as Kinsey , the famous sex researcher . He goes from being a quirky and shy scientist to a belligerent man with an unhealthy obsession with sex from one scene to the next . The scenes of characters interacting are lifeless , particularly between Kinsey and his wife , played by Laura Linney . Their initial fliration is awkward , and they lack any kind of rapport , though Linney is always a good actress to watch onscreen - especially when she confronts Kinsey about his own obsessions and infidelity . Peter Sarsgaard does a great job as Martin , the young researcher who seduces Kinsey and makes him contemplate his bisexuality . This is a competently made film about an interesting subject - with absolutely no passion or characters to genuinely invest onself in .
 I love BBC 's programs , but the quality of these DVDs is disappointing , and frankly offensive when you consider its high price . Just compare this against PLANET EARTH or BLUE PLANET and you will see what I mean.I suspect the problem may be that this particular set was licensed to Warner Brothers for DVD production , and they obviously did n't put any effort into it . PLANET EARTH and BLUE PLANET , among others , are not . Why they gave this to Warner I do not know . Perhaps they are recording an all-new bird series to replace it.In short , buy this set because it 's a good program , but get a good deal .
 Be careful when you order this item . Some discs are failed , as the ones I bought . The problem
 This series are very good quality narated but I had a little bitof problem with the subject matter
 Albert Brooks is a washed-up Yankee $ baseball scout who discovers a phenom -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- in Mexico - a kid who pitches around 105 mph , but is also a Babe Ruth home run machine from either side of the plate . I did n't expect a great movie . Sadly , we did n't even get a decent one . A movie with good acting , likeable characters , and so forth can make up for a bad plot . But ... Acting and characters
 Unfortunately I was not able to play this disc = as the blu ray disc apparently had a different region code to my player
 Just so there is no mistake , this is THE worst movie I have ever seen . I have seen a lot of movies . I saw this when it came out . And still , 7 years later it holds this prestigious position . I have to spoil a few parts of this film to make my point . Do n't read on if you want to be `` surprised '' by it.Lets start with the things that we know about the characters in the film by the end.Albert Brooks is a washed up Baseball scout until he finds Brendan Fraser . He is really desperate to find his `` King Kong '' to bring back and show the world . Because of this he plays the mildly pathetic role of the pushy mentor . That 's pretty much it for this textbook one dimensional character.Diane Wiest is the psychiatrist that is introduced to help out Brendan Fraser 's character since he has a few `` issues '' . She cares for his well being , well , because she 's a doctor . Oh and a woman , so of course she 's motherly . Whatever . That 's pretty much it for this -LRB- also -RRB- textbook one dimensional character . I think she has about 10 minutes of screen time . I think Steinbrenner had about 10 too.There is a list of other curious characters that awkwardly stumble in and out of this story but I wo n't mention them here to save time.Now lets get to Fraser 's character . The things we know -LRB- by the end of the film -RRB- are that he is an inhuman pitcher . He knocks the catchers over with his awesome power . He hits every ball out of the park . He loves baseball . We figure out that he has abandonment issues mostly from the hints dropped early on . He avoids questions about his parents , he freaks out at the airport in New York when he loses sight of Brooks and begs `` do n't leave me alone again '' or something equally obvious . And then of course because Diane Weist tells us this is so an hour into the movie . `` He has abandonment issues '' I think is her line . `` REALLY ? '' was mine . She also informs us -LRB- and Brooks -RRB- that he had an abusive father with the deeply moving and poetic line `` I think he had an abusive father '' . Ok now to my biggest problem with the film . The questions that are NEVER answered about Fraser 's character .1 . Brooks finds him in Mexico . We never find out why he is living there .2 . His parents are gone . We never find out where or why . No of course we never meet them . That would be to obvious .3 . He hates questions . He freaks out right from the start `` I do n't like all these questions , I do n't like answering questions '' . We never find out why .4 . Woman walk by him and give him their phone number without ever meeting him . We do n't know why . I guess cause he is cute . But this character point is never used again . With the exception of a woman that works for the Yankees who wants to take him home . No nothing ever comes of this . Well maybe it is so that Brooks can deliver the responsible social commentary `` You know you need to use protection ? '' . Kill me know .5 . Before he gets signed he says that he has no problem playing in front of people , big crowds or not . When he signs with the Yankees , he freaks out when asked if he is going to pitch this season . `` Oh ... I ... . I do n't know about that '' he states . WHY ? . You never find out . I guess its the abandonment issues . Whatever .6 . And now my favorite character trait . Oh god I love this one . He 's really good at doing laundry . That 's right . He knows all there is to know about doing laundry.Laundry my friends.You know this because he tells you so in one scene . How does he know so much ? you ask . That 's right , you never find out . Amazing.This movie actually sucks the quality out of all other movies . It is the movie that I gage all other movies by . In that respect I suggest you see it too . Every thing you see after will at least be better than this one.A final note , just so you know I 'm not the only one that thought this movie stunk . This movie was actually made in 1988 and shelved by Fox . It only saw the light of day because of the baseball strike in 1994 to try to recoup loses .
 Roger Ebert said , `` Rarely does a movie start high and go downhill so fast . '' The first 30 minutes is wise , witty , amusingly world-weary and wry . The Mickey Mantle/Lou Gehrig scene is priceless . The remainder of the movie is maddening , mediocre , meaningless and maudlin . In addition , the baseball scenes are poorly done . It 's a shame because the movie could have been an excellent comedy , but as part satire , part psycho-drama and part Rocky , it fails .
 Quite possibly the worst movie ever made . It 's not funny . The plot is dumb . The acting is bad . Enough said .
 Wow this made it to dvd ? I 'm surprised it made it to vhs . Whoopie meets her match in Depardeiu as alternate reality WTF superstars in a movie that is hard to forget and the end result is you do n't know why . While watching the commercial for `` bogus '' before my mind thought it my mouth said it `` I must see this movie '' but I did n't know why . Even though I did n't laugh at any of the comedy , was n't convinced at any of the performances , did n't take to the cuteness forced upon me from the kids , I still sat through the entire chinese torture , and I do n't know why . I thought maybe it was the dance sequence between these two megastars the total grace they showed or maybe I wanted to see them fall on their big over-rated asses . That would have been great but only a fantasy . `` bogus '' beats Adam Sandler to the punch with irritating slapstick insanity as trollish Depardeiu apears as an imaginary friend to a troubled kid . I checked myself into alien abductee therapy and even that did n't work . I still lose sleep over this movie and maybe soon I will be the next `` manchurian candidate '' or the youngest man ever to get dementia all because of Whoopie 's bogus . I thought offering it to satan as a sacrifice would be a good idea but even he rejected it . I tried to get rid of it by throwing it in the ocean but as soon as I got home there it was under my pillow . * update after watching scanners 3 multiple times , I 've been able to move on with my life .
 The Whoopi Goldburg charter is disturbing to say the least . She wants nothing to do with Albert -LRB- Haley Joel Osment the little boy from THE SIXTH SENCE -RRB- because the kid is white . Turn it around for a moment , what would we say about a white woman who with holds love from a black kid because of the color of his skin ? Are we suppose to think that Osment is responsible for the slave trade of one hundred fifty years ago?The poor kid is dangling from a fire escape his life in danger . Any fan of THE SIXTH SENSE would rush out to save him in no time flat but not Goldburg . All she does is call out encouragement to him.I kept hoping someone from Child Protective Services would show up to take poor Osment away from Goldburg but no such luck . I think the kid deserved much better !
 Disappointed . Not expecting a silent movie . Would 've been nice to know it was a silent movie before renting . I 'd like to have seen a trailer before purchasing .
 A couple of reasons why I did n't like this project : a -RRB- Monique tends to tell the same jokes in all of her routines . These women have been locked up for many years , many are never getting out . I thought that they -LRB- and those who support Monique -RRB- deserved a better show.b -RRB- Too much profanity . She is already a funny lady . Lazy people , however , lean on profanity when creativity is lacking -LRB- see above -RRB- . I know for a fact that she could have done better . She is n't a lazy woman by any means , but it is painfully evident that she was n't motivated here.What I loved about this project , however , was the interviews she had with some of the inmates , and that rousing encore song by one of the female prisoners at the end . She had everyone crying -LRB- including me ! -RRB- . I hope that Monique kept her promise to that young lady long after the cameras stopped rolling . For these reasons alone , I gave two stars .
 Description
 It 's bad when someone in the USA gets a camcorder and decides to make a backyard movie with garage style props . It 's downright painful when someone in another country does the same and then inflicts on you the need to &#34; Read &#34; the movie to get to the end . This movie would have been far more enjoyable had the producers dubbed the film in english and then allowed the film to be &#34; Riffed &#34; for some humor . If you are looking for a Sci Fi flick this is not it ! Move on the next film in your list .
 Clearly Ed Wood is alive and well in Mexico , please do n't waste your time . Rambling wreck of sci-fi at it 's worst . Even Syfy channel would n't air this drain clog , flush before watching .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt , Ben Stiller ... big stars , this film could only be great , yeah ? ... wrong . A heap of talent wasted their time doing this piece of junk . It is a 70 min something comedy about a group of 80 's rockers who decide to reform , and then decide not too . Love Hewitt is the sexy band manager , but what a useless role . Ben and Jerry Stiller are record execs , and filling out the band are Will Ferrel -LRB- A Night at the Roxbury -RRB- , Craig Bierko -LRB- The Thirteenth Floor -RRB- and a couple of other familiar faces . Amy Brennemann -LRB- Casper , Daylight -RRB- plays a girlfriend of one of the band members . I dunno why Im wasting my time writing any more about this film , it 's an unfunny waste of time .
 The characters with the smallest amount of screen time , played by Jennifer Love Hewitt , Ben Stiller and his real life dad , Jerry Stiller , are the only ones worth watching for in this sad little effort . The story is a mishmash and not at all interesting , but hey , Ms Hewitt does look great , so if you 're into that I can recommend it . One thing I do want to point out , however , is that there is no commentary track on the DVD , contrary to what the specs show .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt is the only bright spot in this mind dulling dribble . The script leaves you not caring for the characters . I ca n't say the words to descibe this movie . There is maybe one or two semi funny scenes in the whole 90 min of boredom . If you like daydreaming buy this DVD , because you 'll be so bored your mind will be wandering in thousands of directions .
 Ya know , with Will Ferrell and Jennifer Love Hewitt in this movie , I thought it would be an awesome movie ... Well , I ca n't always be right . The one part I did like in the movie was when Jennifer Love Hewitt showed one of her tattooes to a band member 's wife ... -LRB- requiring her to lift up her dress , catching a peak at her undies -RRB- :D Nice ...
 I actually saw film at my local cinema way back in the late 60s . . on general release ... I was 17 and it had an X rating -LRB- adults only -RRB- . . remember it being upsetting and vicious.Ive been looking for it since then -LRB- curious only -RRB- and only just found it here ... wont bother to see it again in these unshockable days ... would link as similar and shockable as the BBC documentary `` The War Game '' ... out on release about the same time ...
 Wow , where is the proof that Brett Dillon is &#34; The Last Great DJ ? This video does not make that argument , let alone prove it . I thought I was going to find a nice independent documentary on the radio business and how a DJ named Brett Dillon fared over the years in a business that has been totally taken over by corporations with &#34; crap &#34; as the format to play . Instead I got a 71 minute video that was lacking in content , has way too many camera switches , has bad editing and is full of filler music of small bands , probably from Texas . Now if you want to hear some new music , kind of a progressive country , you can learn about some new musicians from this video . If your in need of having to hire a DJ , Brett Dillion has sent you his resume via this DVD . This DVD does a great job of telling you who he is , where he came from , why he likes the radio/music business and why people like him . From this video I learned that Brett Dillon has moved all over , been a DJ in various places in the West , has a great radio voice and his listeners like him . I 'm sure after watching this he 's probably a great DJ , Dillon is right on when he says that people want local radio to play local news , tell local information and that people do n't want some satellite radio broadcast to fill in for their morning commute.Unfortunately if your looking for a watchable video that would help you understand the shirking radio business and the disappearance of the American DJ , this video needs to go back to the drawing board and be re-done . Sorry , I just could n't sit back and feel like I got a good purchase . The flow of this video is poor . Filler music and filler footage of cars driving down the road with music playing could have been cut and the video would be about 30 minutes and probably a better product . I am not sure if this is a first direction by Dean J. Augustin , there is a lot to improve on here , hopefully this review will help in that regard .
 Well recently I had the opportunity of watching BBC 's David Copperfield miniseries in its ENTIRETY , for FREE ! Thank you Masterpiece Online - that way I did n't have to pay for it . Produced in 1999 , this is one of the more famous versions . They had a big budget , which allowed for detail in costume and sets , and a roomy time slot , meaning more scenes . It generally meets with ecstatic reviews about the cast and accuracy to the book . Overall , however , it did n't quite meet my expectations in that I , on the contrary , found it dull and slightly `` off '' . Though the production is quite accurate , it 's adherence to the book plot means a one-dimensional , literal interpretation of the storyline , lacking in much of the nuances of Dickens ' original story . When the producers did use artistic license with the scenes the changes often seemed out of character , and created different dynamics between certain characters . Take David 's proposal to Dora . He would not yank Jip away from Dora ! Agnes would never even hint at marrying Uriah -LRB- whose ending changes so he is sent to Australia , along with the Micawbers , who went there to escape him ... weird choice -RRB- . Also , the incorporation of famous English actors into minor roles meant the sacrifice of more important characters , like Tommy Traddles . Traddles is necessary as foil to both Steerforth and Uriah Heep . They had Janet and Mrs. Crupp , why not skip them and keep Traddles?Acting ability was mixed , I found . Peggotty was brilliant and perfect , I 'm glad the producers realized she is supposed to be young . Maggie Smith gave a winning performance as Aunt Betsey , and both Murdstones as well as Mrs. Steerforth and Rosa Dartle were chilling villains to contend with . But Bob Hoskins played a rather serious , uninspired Micawber -LRB- though his interactions with Imelda Staunton were actually quite funny -RRB- ; Mr. Wickfield seemed reduced to a spluttering , Shakespearean caricature ; and Nicholas Lyndhurst failed to capture the essence of the book 's villain - with Uriah Heep , there 's supposed to be a big contrast , he 's really fawning and obliging through the first part , then at the climax he snaps and becomes vicious and insulting . Lyndhurst 's villainy extends to shooting the evil-eye at everyone present . Cieran McMenamin was a horrible choice for the adult David Copperfield ; David is supposed to bright and optimistic , if a little `` blind '' sometimes . McMenamin did not pull this off . He had ONE flat cadence he used to express excitement , love , hate , or sadness . He had two expressions , confused or impatient , which often made him seem very selfish , especially in his behavior toward Dora . His chemistry with Agnes was nonexistent . I once heard Amanda Ryan 's Agnes described as soppy , which is an accurate term - she is far to matronly for the part.There were some lovely scenes -LRB- the storm was maintained and very moving -RRB- , some funny instances , and some great acting . But there was also a sacrifice of the important themes from the novel for the sake of `` accuracy '' . And even the accuracy was not that great as there are other , longer productions from 1974 and 1986 that better represent the book . If you are simply dying to see what everyone 's talking about perhaps you should rent this film . But I have a feeling you will leave with little appreciation of Dickens ' original tale .
 Sadly , the BBC sent out more than one of these in a defective format ! I 've been trying to find one WITH SOUND ! But the sound during the movie is missing.Ask the seller to check past the beginning ad for BBC to the movie itself . The sound in the ad is fine , but there is no sound for the movie . I had to return mine . And pay the extra postage!The seller told me to send it back - I asked him to open another one to see what I was talking about . He would n't , so I did send it back . Have not been refunded yet , but just mailed yesterday.It would have been helpful if he had opened another copy - I said I 'd be happy to let him keep the money if he could send me one he knew had sound , but so sale on that!Hey ! If anyone has ordered one and had GOOD LUCK , please let me know where you got it !
 A terrible adaptation of the novel . This movie can not begin to capture the true essence of David Copperfield . Poorly scripted , casted and directed . Ideas are conveyed in the movie which are n't even in the book while major concepts and instances are blatantly ignored . If you respect Dickens work then do n't buy this movie . You 'll be sorely cheated if you do .
 No WAY ! This movie su * ks , and because there 's a Daniel Radcliffe playing in it!I 'm going to tell the truth , the boy does n't know how to act that 's it!Thank You , but I 'm going out from Amazom.com without this stuff .
 I love to watch period films based on classical novels and I am a huge fan of Jane Austen and Charles Dickens . The BBC has done just a wonderful job of reproducing many of these works in recent years , but I thought I would give this one a try since it was at a discounted rate on Amazon . It was just plain unengaging . The characters were difficult to relate to with the exception of the young David Copperfield , his mother , and Piggoty . I found the whole thing to be more of a depressing adaptation instead of the triumphal tale of overcoming a difficult past . I now have buyer 's remorse . : / If at all possible , please watch the movie by renting or watching snippets on youtube before buying .
 There is n't enough worthwhile substance to rescue this amateurish attempt at filmmaking . The intriguing , if somewhat cliche , storyline does little to disguise the blemishes and flaws in this movie . The major downfalls are the awkward and choppy scriptwriting and directing.In general , the character progression is unbelievable , exhibiting little to no natural transition from emotion to emotion during pivotal scenes . On the other hand , the acting is decent , but also suffers from the poor writing and direction . As the product of this , you end up with a movie that you do n't want to watch but you want to know what happens at the end.I would NOT recommend this film unless you have an affinity for bad southern gothics or a vested interest in Gale Harold 's career.DO NOT watch this movie if you 're looking for gay or lesbian characters ; it only touches upon gay themes .
 In order to approximate this movie , jus follow these simple steps :1 -RRB- Get a big cauldron . 2 -RRB- Drop in copies of Blade Runner , Laura Croft , and some of the miniatures from ` Krull ' . Mix haphazardly . 3 -RRB- throw in pointless -LRB- gratuitious -RRB- nude scenes then simmer in a dank , dark place for two hours . You now have the equivalent of Gene Generation.While the idea behind the movie shows some minor promise , the constant sub-plots and generic fight scenes throw the whole film off center . Even the obvious physical talents of Bai Ling do n't save this film , despite her best efforts . The special effects supporting the film 's pseudo-science are second-rate ; it looks like a ball of worms or tentacles attached themselves to the actors.This is a B-movie , and a poor example at that . If not for the driving music score and the sheer beauty of Bai Ling , it would n't even rate that high . If you have a couple hours to waste , go ahead and watch it . If your ' e looking for something more cerebral , look elsewhere .
 Plot is good , but it 's somewhat lacking in execution . Heavy CGI of characters and backgrounds seems too unreal to work , and the insertion of CGI on the foreground and characters puts the effects way over the top like a 90 's movie .
 Get a big cauldron . Next , drop in Blade Runner , Laura Croft and Krull . Mix haphazardly . Throw in pointless and gratuitous nude scenes , a pair of boots with six-inch heels and a weak plot . Simmer in a dank , dark place for two hours and you have the equivalent of ` Gene Generation ' . While the idea behind the movie shows some minor promise , the constant sub-plots and generic fight scenes throw the whole film off center . Even the obvious physical talents of Bai Ling do n't save this film , despite her best efforts . The special effects supporting the film 's pseudo-science are ghastly -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- ; It looks like a ball of worms threw up on the actors.This is a B-movie , and a poor example to-boot . If not for the driving music score and the sheer beauty of Bai Ling , it would n't even rate that high . While not worth the $ 4 it cost on Amazon , it might be worth $ 1 on ` RedBox ' ; but they were too smart to include it in their lineup .
 This film contains some of the worst acting I have ever seen . Possibly the worst acting ever . Second , the premise of the plot is ridiculous . Science fiction should have some basis in um ... Science . The premise of the movie is that the device was created to manipulate DNA to heal wounds . A wound healing device would be a great plot for science fiction movie but it would not have to manipulate DNA to do it . It 's clear the writers do not know what DNA is . It sounded cool so they put it in . Bai Ling is awful , but not as bad as the other actors .
 Horrible ability to transmit video . I had to continue to go back into `` my library '' to push resume the video . very distracting
 Having lived through this time period and having heard many good things about this movie , I was deeply disappointed . It was unrealistic in how it basically only showed him having to deal with one class and it was un-entertaining , which surprised me , as I am a fan of Lindsay Wagner.They were so busy trying to be artsy that they forgot to do justice to the story . The end was supposed to be profound , but really left me cold . I was as disillusioned with the movie as Timothy Bottoms was when he discovered the professor still did n't even know his name . I would not recommend this DVD .
 The Paper Chase , 1973 filmThe film begins with a view of as the students enter . This is Harvard Law School , one of the oldest and most prestigious in the country . `` Never assume anything in my class . '' This class is on contract law and damages for broken contracts -LRB- business life in any country -RRB- . `` You 've got to work like hell for good grades . '' First-year students form study groups to collaborate by sharing a work load . The `` Socratic Method '' is used
 Belive it or not , my Contracts professor loves this movie . I on the other hand , do not . The movie was pretty slow and I do n't really believe it accurately portrays the current law school experience . I could make for a good movie to scare potential law students and it may make for a good movie for someone who does n't believe law school acutally was , and sometimes still it , like this . I felt the movie was really slugish , it just was n't entertaining .
 I bought The Paper Chase on DVD because I like courtroom dramas -LRB- Perry Mason , The Verdict , 12 Angry Men , etc. -RRB- and I also like school dramas -LRB- The Emperor 's Club -RRB- . This film had no courtroom drama and very little in the classroom . John Houseman 's scenes are the best , but he 's only in a dozen very brief scenes , with perhaps a couple dozen lines in the whole film . The rest is like a soap opera set at Harvard , and very disappointing compared to the expectations set from reading other reviews here .
 This movie is so bad . It does not stand the test of time . I saw it decades ago when I was young and idealistic . I think kids today would laugh at it . I actually rented it because my son is in law school and I thought it would be fun to see how life in the 70 's compared to life in 2011 . Lame , I tell you , Lame ...
 TIMOTHY BOTTOMS WAS SO CUTE IN 1973 AND ALL THOSE SHOWER SCENES AND THE 2-3 SWIMMING POOL SCENES . AS OF AUG 2010 THIS MOVIE IS JUST A BIT OF NOSTALGIA , NOT WORTH THE 1:51 LENGTH . SURE GLAD I RENTED VS PURCHASED . RECENTLY I TRIED TO WATCH THE : STRAWBERRY STATEMENT
 This film recounts the experiences of a first-year law student in chronological order . There is nothing particularly interesting in these experiences , nor any insights into education , law school , relationships or any of the other things that movies try to enlighten us about.This film will appeal to lawyers who like to reminisce about their good ole days , and maybe law students , but only to them.Everyone else will be sitting , waiting for something to happen . But nothing ever does happen . Nor do we care about the people it does n't happen to.You have been warned .
 This movie is so boring . I painfully watched it during my first year of law school . The plot is thin and predictable and there is hardly any excitement in this movie .
 The Amazing Transparent Man is a third-rate cop of the Invisible Man films . An ex-Army major with delusions of grandeur enlists the assistance of a renouned nuclear scientist and a notorious safecracker . His `` sinister '' plot '' ? To create an army of invisible soliders to conquer the world . He has the scientist -LRB- the only likeable character in the film -RRB- perfect an invisibility machine and the safecracker is his first human subject . After becoming invisible , the safecracker steals nuclear matter from a local armory to power the machine . The movie is more tepid melodrama than suspense . The major 's scheme predictably begins to unravel , climaxed by a nuclear explosion in the laboratory . The most entertaining sequence is when the invisible safecracker makes a detour to the local bank for some `` quick cash '' . During his heist , he suddenly begins to materialize ! Unless you have money to burn , do n't buy this title separately . If you must have it , purchased it on value - priced Diamond DVD with the companion feature `` The Brain That Would n't Die '' -LRB- which is much more entertaining -RRB- .
 Well the DVD arrived and I jumped to my DVD player in the lounge to watch this . Oh boy.The player grrred and moaned and then spat the disk out saying there was a read error . Tried it in my portable player and that did not like this . I then placed it into the laptop and desktop PC drives and got more or less the same result.This disk just did not want to play . More of the fact it looked like a burnt DVD that you make yourself at home . Sorry I have to give this only 1 / 5 fo the fact you ca n't even play the content on the disk .
 This movie is laughably bad . It 's so old , and the picture quality is so unbelievably awful , it 's not a scary movie by any stretch of the imagination . It 's only scary feature is the fact that it is remembered enough to be released on DVD . My favorite part was the mouse trapped to a machine and then it disappears . It disappears in such a cheesy , horrible way because the film tricks used back in the early 60 's were so weak , so it does n't look believable . Another favorite part was the guy who was supposedly being beat up by an invisible man , but it was really funny because the guy was jumping around pretending he was getting punched and strangled . It 's funny ! Before anyone accuses me of not being able to appreciate old horror movies , just let me tell you that I 've seen other films released from around this time , and they looked a LOT better , and the acting and scary moments were a lot better as well . This is just not a good movie .
 I Should have read the review before watching . As a fan of Brian DePalma , I was sure this would be worth watching . The ending is such a disappointment . This must have been a low budget firm .
 I am still in shell-shock that people of quality such as Chloe Sevigny & Stephen Rea could even finish filming this piece of dog doo-doo , this thing is beyond horrid - there are n't enough words to convey how much this thing stunk ! The movie starts out ok , steadily begins to make less & less sense , becomes just utterly non-sensical , and THEN takes a very sharp turn into pure absurd idiocy - and WAY over-the-top gore . NONE of it making any sense , mind you . NONE OF IT . Not the time structure of events , not the things taking place , and most assuredly not the moronic ending . I was quite angry that I 'd spent $ 1.08 at my discount video to even rent it .
 I actually the remake first and then the original . The remake show up on showtime . I know its was basic off a Brian De Palma movie . I hope it was good . The only reason I gave this two start because of Chloe Sevigny & Stephen Rea . I like both actors . This script was horror and the ending was even worse . It made no since . I some movies try to have a weird ending or open ended . This movie should be watch at it . Its not the worse movie I 've seen . I recommend in this case stick with the original . I got the original on Netflix instant . If you must see this film use ur netflix or rent it from redbox .
 Drew is always a sight , but the story was thin . The quality of the picture was good , so was the sound .
 This could n't decide whether it wanted to be a romantic comedy or a black comedy . No matter which it was trying to be at a particular moment the dialogue is CONSISTENTLY delivered in a oddly-rythmed mono-tone mumble -LRB- mainly by Luke Wilson but Drew is also guilty -RRB- . With no sense of tension , hint of a logical plot , or ultimately even a climax , the movie simply peters to a bland end leaving one thinking `` WHAT A WASTE OF MY TIME '' . I would have given it zero stars if possible .
 Drew Barrymore has been having a hard time making good movies after making the the movie `` Ever After '' which i thought was a OKAY movie , which i gave ** . but home fries was a horrible movie with a messed up script and plot.plus i thought it was too dark to be a comedy . *
 Although I love Luke Wilson -LRB- I love you Luke !!! -RRB- I did n't like this movie at all . I hope to see Luke soon in a good movie . I fell in love with him the instant I saw him in ` Bad blood ' , an X-files episode . And this episode was written by Vince Gilligan , as is the movie so I gave it a try ... Total disappointment !! I expected a lot better from my fav . X-files writer Vince Gilligan . Also , I did n't like Drew in this movie , I think I 'm just fed up of seeing her in the same role over and over again .
 Home Fries is one of the worst movies I 've seen this year . Where was the comedy in this movie ? Both my wife and I , with much different tastes in movies , were very disappointed . I found the acting to be quite good , but the screenplay was incredibly weak .
 You call this a comedy ? You call this a movie ? I think not ! This is the dumbest piece of crap ever captured on film ! The director takes two actors with star potential and uses them in the cheapest , most idiotic movie of the year ! Does that sound right to you ? So pass on this movie I think I 'd rather watch grass grow than see this trash again . A word to the makers of Home Fries ... do n't quit your day job .
 Idioti
 I watched about thirty minutes of this movie and turned it off . The plot was totally silly and I ca n't figure out why a movie this trite would be released . Home Fries just was n't any good . I admit that I did n't watch all of the movie , but when I have to turn it off , that 's ample reason to rate it on the low spectrum . Try something else besides this .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life . I now compare all bad movies to this . If I do n't like a movie I always say that was a bad movie , but it 's no Home Fries .
 Oh , the joys of trying to make a good movie ! So much can go wrong that it makes farming seem like a safe bet . Home Fries has all the elements needed to make a great entertainment , save one . It 's badly miscast . As I watched its comically bizarre story unfold , I found myself recasting it.Being miscast and being a bad actor is not the same thing at all . Everyone in this movie has proved themselves to be good in a number of other projects . They simply are not adapt at the maniacal kind of performing that this movie requires . It 's in the same genre as There 's Something About Mary , in that a serious subject is not to be taken seriously at all . These are what are often called screwball comedies.Drew Barrymore is Sally , who is mine momhs pregnant She works in a fast food restaurant . Her lover lied to her by claiming was not married . To further complicate matters , Mrs. Lever is lethally jealous . She convinces her son Dorian -LSB- Luke Wuksin -RSB- and her stepson Angus -LSB- Jake Busey -RSB- to scare the devil out of the old man by chasing him down a county road in a helicopter . Unfortunately , this gives Dad a fatal heaty attack.The rest if the movie has to do with Angus ' trying to save Sally from his totally mad famly.The story is madcap , and the dialog is crisp . Both the photography and the editing are sharp . So we return to the casting problems.Parker Posey would have been ideal as Sally . Kathleen Tuner would have been great as Mrs. Lever . Cast Brad Pitt as the psycho brother , and Keanu Reeves as Angus , and you would have had a gem of a movie .
 This movie is awful . I am neither a Drew Barrymore fan nor a detractor . It seems her fans are the few that actually like this movie . The plausibility factor is zero which absolutely guts the humor premise . A good part of my tastes embrace dark humor but this movie looks more like an elaborately staged non-funny improv . They were reaching for Repo-Man but managed to bottom out under Peggy Sue Got Married instead . If you read all the reviews you will find someone who mentions this is the stinker they use to grade all the other movie farts . I agree whole-heartedly with that assessment .
 This movie was just way too confusing . The twists and turns were totally out there and not believable -LRB- as opposed to a good movie which would have unbelievable twists -RRB- If you have to see a Drew Barrymore movie of the second phase in her career this is not the one . If you think this is going to be a lighthearted romantic comedy think again . I suggest buying either Never Been Kissed or Ever After which are much better movies for Miss Barrymore than this one .
 I found this movie to lack any redeeming qualities . You can tell it is attempting to be a `` witty , offbeat film '' , but I did n't find any particular wit ... anywhere .
 This is the dulliest unsatisfiting of all time . Even though Drew Barrymore is in it . It still does n't steal the show . The middle was okey but the rest was just plain Garbage .
 I really like Drew Barrymore and that is why I rented this movie , expecting it to be funny and romantic . The movie is slow , the acting is slow , just not good all around . I could n't even finish it ! Sorry Drew !
 The concepts in this film are not compatible with a slapstick comedy . An unwed mother impregnated by an older man and then abandoned to give birth with no support is n't a comedy . Any person who could make it one would have to have an amazing viewpoint and ability to show humor in tragedy . This movie is not that intelligent . The back drop of sibling rivalry and overcoming family prejudice is at the core of the story as well , but again , the movie is ridiculous . The son who loves his father 's mistreated mistress is an exceptional person who understands suffering . Watching this movie is like watching a tree get cut down for no good reason ; it make you feel bad when something wonderful could have been made but was wrecked without explanation . There is absolutely no shortage of talent , and this film 's poor quality has nothing to do with the cast ; a cast with talent that is being depreciated . The actors look like they know that they should be expressing more . The film also is slightly offensive if one accounts for the labor scene where Drew Barrymore is panting like a dog . It is supposed to be funny , but it is not . Why did n't the producers just make a drama ?
 It is a very good thing that Drew Barrymore did not choose this film to kick start her career . This film was a bomb from the word go . It was overly campy and completely unbelieveable . While the premise of the story is somewhat interesting , the depiction is absolute blah ! Do yourself a favor , if you must see this film ... RENT IT FIRST !
 I am just not getting it . Period.If the goal here was being something like `` Sexy Beast '' then it is notachieved .
 This was a black comedy that unfolded over the first 30 minutes of the film , revealing one surprise relationship after another , until you realize that all the major characters are related in surprising ways . It 's kind of strange , because this movie was n't terribly complicated , but I 'm still not sure what to make of it.Catherine O'Hara has her two military helicopter-pilot sons scare her cheating husband , whose cheating on her with Drew Barrymore . The husband is successfully scared -LRB- to death -RRB- and Drew Barrymore is an earwitness through her headset at a burger joint . I wo n't say `` Home Fries '' is a complete waste . I was somehow taken in enough to watch the entire movie . One shining light is Luke Wilson , who steals most of the scenes he has , and the crazy thing is that he 's stealing them from actors like Jake Busey and Catherine O'Hara . It was the overall movie premise and plot lines that were average at best . After the first 30 minutes of the movie you could see the direction the film would take.Overall , this movie did n't know which way it wanted to go . A comedy ? A drama ? A romantic comedy ? I 'm still not sure .
 Although it was supposedly well funded , this film feels like it was made for cable television . With so much potential wasted it 's a small wonder that this film has been somewhat forgotten in the directors cannon . Based on it 's premise alone it shoud n't have been this bad . Boy am i glad that i rented this . To think that i was about to pay 29.99 for the upcoming blue ray ...
 Probably the worst film K. Douglas was in ... Really shocked . . quite dated and slow ... I dont recommend to anyone with a brain .
 This review concentrates both on the quality of the DVD and that of the film itself . For the most part , the picture is clear and evenly lit . However , there are about 14 scenes where the picture quality is devastatingly poor . A constant `` popcorn '' effect during these scenes makes the average VHS quality look superlative . It is somewhat jarring since in some scenes as camera angles change , the quality of the image changes drastically , whilst still within the same scene . Night scenes and close-ups are especially horrid.Now the film ... Do n't get too hung up on plot . In fact , I would suggest watching the first ten minutes then fast forwarding about 25 minutes , then stopping once again and fast forwarding for another 15 minutes . You get the picture . There are so many scenes that serve no purpose . Not only do they not advance the plot , but they actually weigh down the picture . They also are not particuarly stylish and are sometimes actually painful to focus on . DePalma tries his hand at comedy in a few of these scenes with nauseating results . Not only are the actors ill-suited for comedy bits , but they clash with the seriousness of the main characters struggle . And forget about character development ... you 'd be better off creating a little background for each character on your own . Andrew Stevens ' character supposedly went through some kind of metamorphosis in this film , and thank god some other characters chat about it casually because who the heck knows how he got from point A to point B.In addition , Pino Donaggio and Bernard Herrmann are sorely missed . John William 's score , though dramatic , is only dramatically boring.The two stars are for the well-orchestrated paragon institute escape scene and amy irving 's telekinesis scenes , and depalma 's selection of carrie snodgress for a small role.This one is only for DEPALMA heads . You 'll have a good time picking up on DePalma ripping off his own films and spotting DePalma regulars such as Denis Franz , William Finley , & Charles Durning as well no-names at that time , Laura Innes , Darryl Hannah , Melody Thomas Scott and James Belushi . If you 're looking for DePalma 's best , try Blow Out ! , Carrie , Dressed to Kill , or Obsession .
 The first 10 minutes of The Fury are classic Brian De Palma . It begins on a beach with a father -LRB- Kirk Douglas -RRB- and son bonding , then De Palma shocks the audience with a shootout that blazes from out of nowhere , resulting in many deaths . This is an exciting sequence , directed in a manner that only De Palma could have accomplished . Unfortunately , after that the entire film grows increasingly obvious , with suspenseless scene after suspenseless scene , all the way to the highly-touted finale , which is indeed an impressive array of pyrotechnics , but hardly anything else . For good Brian De Palma films , stick with Mission to Mars , Mission
 Having not viewed THE FURY for nearly 20 years , I very recently purchased a copy of it from Amazon to see if it had improved with age . Let 's put it this way
 That 's how I ended up ... Fury-ous ! There are MUCH better early De Palma flix - try Carrie , Obsession or Dressed To Kill - or almost any others for that matter . This seemed like a 2 hour setup for an exploding head .
 I truly was n't adequately prepared for how bad this movie would turn out . For about the first two thirds of it I was interested in the story , despite the fact that most of the screen time was devoted to some of the most overwrought and contrived expressions of grief I 've ever seen on screen by Kirk Douglas ... He 's a much better actor than that . There was a bit of Hitchcock pastiche going on as the main character 's search for his son takes a few intriguing twists and turns ... This is true . As we neared the climax , however , anything good about this movie quickly unraveled . The resolution left me scratching my head and wondering , `` what was the point of that ? '' The conclusion is not only unsatisfying , but also makes no real sense . We 're then treated to a second ending -LRB- as if we needed to see the ending of the movie get even worse ... -RRB- The whole thing culminates in a `` money shot , '' a so-bad-it 's - over-the-top-funny special effect that is played before our eyes from various angles THIRTEEN TIMES . Yup , I had to go back and count it , it was so bad ... THIRTEEN TIMES . It looked like it was something out of a `` Scary Movie '' parody rather than anything that was supposed to be serious . I 'm a fan of suspense thrillers from the late 70s and early 80s , so it 's not a matter of this film not holding up well over time , in my opinion . There are some films that are even more dated that are far superior ... Although finding an example of better filmmaking from ANY time period in the past century would be like shooting fish in a barrel .
 There are spoilers throughout this review . The movie 's 30 years old ; I think the moratorium on spoilers has expired.Brian DePalma has a reputation as a `` style over substance '' kind of director as well as an imitator of Alfred Hitchcock . This reputation is not wholly deserved ; he sometimes transcends this image -LRB- `` Carrie '' , `` The Untouchables '' -RRB- . However , when he reverts back to full-blown Hitchcock on Acid mode , look out ! That 's exactly what DePalma does in `` The Fury . `` The story , called `` convoluted '' by many , is nothing of the kind ! Here 's the story , in its entirety
 `` Fury '' is something of a sequel for director Brian DePalma to the critical and box office success he enjoyed with `` Carrie . `` Plot is inconsequential . I could make no sense of it . A man 's son falls into the hands of an unexplained secret government agency who wants to use the son 's psychokinetic powers for purposes not explicated . The father finds another psychic to help find his son , and she too becomes wanted by this secret agency.Kirk Douglas proves he 's a middle-aged stud doing his own stunts on an Israeli beach and the streets of Chicago . Amy Irving displays a narrow acting range -- from confused , hurt and withdrawn to surprised rage at the end . The best scenes show her in `` psychic '' mode . She stands , looking around , as if in an Imaz theater , at events from the past scroll around her . This is vintage DePalma , the king of the camera angle.The ending is campy horror schlock , and seen from every possible angle imaginable . This movie had potential to be so much more . Wooden acting , cheesy dialogue and a murky plot ruin a beautifully-filmed movie .
 When I was a young child in 1978-79 watching this on HBO I thought this movie was cool because people blew up in it and a fairground ride went spinning out of control .25 years later , I watch it again and hardly anything is cool about it . The dialogue is laughable , Kirk Douglas is ridiculous as a geriatric James Bond who leaps out 4 story bedroom windows in his underpants , comandeers a shiny new Cadillac just to drive it off the end of a pier , and seranades his girlfriend with an obscene phone call.John Cassavetes looks like he 's trying to parody some Dr. Strangelove-type villian by walking around in a sling with a black glove on his useless hand , glaring at everyone and spouting the worst sort of `` bad guy '' cliches.What else ? Well , when Carrie Snodgrass goes flying through the windshield of a car , the windshield shatters like some plate glass saloon window from a low-budget Western . And there 's plenty of blood in this movie , but not a drop of it looks real.Andrew Stevens goes from lovable son to patricidal maniac without so much as a shred of explanation . Amy Irving escapes from a supposedly fortress-like prison by simply shoving a bunch of packages at someone and running out the backdoor . Oh , yeah , you know when Andrew Stevens is really , REALLY mad when the veins on his forehead pop out . Sometimes his eyes even glow blue . There 's more , but what 's the use recounting it?I 'll give it two stars because it 's not the worst movie ever . But at times it really comes close . Is n't DePalma supposed to be a genius or something ?
 The Fury a Plymouth Fury ? More like a dud.Despite the ensemble and having Douglas great portrayal as well Andrew Stevens , the movie was trying to be too many things at once , Think Fire Starter , Carrie and other movies and genres all squeezed together in a nonsense plot.Despite the BANG for the buck at the very end of the movie , it comes up short for me .
 Oh , please ! Some of these reviewers giving this turkey 4 stars is like saying Andrew Stevens was an acting genius of his time . I saw this flop when it first came out , and I distinctly remember the crowd walking out after saying how bad it was.Time has n't helped this DePalma mess out either , unless you 're into getting in a few laughs at the dialogue , acting and especially terrible effects . Anybody who claims this as anything close to `` Carrie '' needs a serious MRI done , because the closest this flop is to that classic , is the actors -LRB- if you consider Amy Irving an actress -RRB- and the extra buckets of fake blood . It 's also painful watching Kirk Douglas and John Cassavetes reading lines off each other , fully knowing , it 's all for the paycheck.Please , if you want to view a decent DePalma flick , pick up `` Dressed To Kill '' of `` Blowout '' . Both more superior than this lame duck .
 *** SPOILER WARNING !! *** I 'm not just a horror movie connoisseur , I 've seen practically everything out there . In fact , horror films are really the only movies I ever watch , let alone review.I love torture movies . My wife thinks I 'm deranged , but I really do enjoy a good , disturbing and brutal drawn out depiction of a human being getting mutilated -LRB- Before you get all offended , I 'm joking . Kind of -RRB- . Behind zombie flicks , infectious diseases and deformed-backwoods-hillbilly-freak-killer movies , torture films are my next favorite . Having said that , The Tortured is one of the worst stinkers I 've ever seen . There are so many places that this movie fails that it 's truly hard to really say that there was anything good or enjoyable about it . First of all , there is NO time spent in character development from the start . You never have a chance to fall in love with the family , or more importantly the boy who gets kidnapped and killed . Rather , the story is explained further along in the movie with a series of flashbacks ... How original ... In a movie like this , the audience NEEDS to fall in love and connect with the boy . Fail . The audience also needs to feel total hatred and contempt for the kidnapper/killer , which is never established either . He 's portrayed within the first few minutes as the typical freak who dresses up in women 's clothing and is really deeply disturbed , blah , blah blah . Boring . They kinda tried to make me hate him by having him spew a few corny-as-hell lines at his frightened young victim held hostage in the basement , but again , fail ... They never show how the kidnapper kills the boy , which would have been disturbing , but also invoked some kind of feeling of hatred towards the kidnapper . Then there 's the trial where he basically gets off a lot easier than he should have . Then , the parents hatch a hair-brained scheme to kidnap the kidnapper as he 's being transported to prison . To say the scheme is unbelievable and impossible is an understatement . It 's beyond ridonkulous . I know it 's movie , but c'mon . How dumb are we supposed to be to believe this sort of thing ???? So ... They get who they think is the guy , and he 's already pretty messed up from the crash . Next thing you know , they 're at some cabin in the woods . Who 's cabin ? Do n't know . The kidnapper is tied to an old , wooden table , ready for torture . This is when it gets really cheesy , because the dad starts to inject him with unknown substances , which he feels the need to verbally describe to the victim -LRB- and us uninformed audience members -RRB- the effects that it will have on him . Not very scary , and really lame . But the best part of the torture comes in this series of events -- the part where the dad puts the kidnapper 's foot in a vice and crunches the hell out of it . Then the bizarre stuff starts . The wife suddenly has some sort of epiphany and does n't want to torture the guy . The husband convinces her to go along with it , and we 're back on track . Then some random guy shows up at the cabin with ferocious dogs , brandishing a gun and demands to know what the couple are doing there . Quick lie , and the intruder is gone . Back to the story . More lame verbal torture , and suddenly the dad is having second thoughts about the plan . What the hell ? I think it was a lame attempt at trying to give the characters depth , but by this time , it was too late . It 's at this point that probably the best part of the movie takes place . The audience finds out * GASP * that they kidnapped the wrong guy !!!! Turns out there were two felons on that bus , and the one they got was going to prison for something stupid like tax evasion -LRB- they look similar , so anyone could have made that mistake ... -RRB- Meanwhile , the REAL kidnapper is running around in the woods . With the cops on the pursuit , the victim once tied up in the basement , manages to escape . The couple chase him down for awhile , and stumble upon him hanging from the rafters of an old barn by a noose . This is when the ultimate atrocity takes place . In the victim 's hand is a suicide note that says something like , `` I 'm a monster and for what I 've done to you , I deserve to die '' . That 's the condensed version . Well , how did the guy have time to write the note , and where did the pen and paper come from ???? It was so far beyond lame . Lame is right here , and this incident is a mile down the road from lame , that 's how awful it is.The positive thing is that the movie seems really short , so you wo n't have to suffer very long . The acting is forgettable at best , and the script writing is atrocious . I felt robbed for having paid $ 1.28 at redbox to rent this . Just avoid this ultimate turd . Please , for your own sanity . Like many horror movies , the potential was there . It really is a good idea that was completely botched in its execution .
 Directed by Robert Lieberman , The Tortured is a horror thriller centring around Elise -LRB- Erika Christensen -RRB- and Craig Landry -LRB- Jesse Metcalfe -RRB- whose lives are thrown into turmoil when their son is kidnapped and murdered . Aggrieved at the leniency that the courts hand out to the killer , John Kozlowski -LRB- Bill Moseley -RRB- , they decide to pursue justice of their own . After a nifty bit of spying , the couple learn Kozlowski is being transported . Craig manages to hijack the van but ends up crashing it , injuring Kozlowski . Craig and Elise then take their captive to a remote cabin where they begin to take their revenge.The murder of their son tears Elise and Craig apart , with Elise moving out . With justice failing them Elise wants bloody revenge against Kozlowski but Craig disgusts his wife with his hesitation . When he changes his mind they are soon working together again . Craig is a doctor on six month leave from work but he steals some equipment from the hospital and patches up the wounded Kozlowski before leading the torture of the child killer . Injections , cuts , suffocation , pretty much anything their son went through , the couple inflict on their prisoner . The experience begins as one they savour , even heading eagerly to bed at one point ! I know , worrying , right?Although the couple are initially enthusiastic about the torture they inflict it soon begins to wear at them . Their cause is n't helped by the police trying to track down Kozlowski . The torture scenes are unsurprisingly unpleasant and any satisfaction Kozlowski may have taken in killing the Landry 's son is soon paid back tenfold . The question is how far will the couple go ? Will they kill Kozlowski or will the police get to them first?I found The Tortured to be a flawed experience . There is a good twist at the end but the rest of it did n't really convince me at all . It 's painfully short as well and could have used more development of the characters and the storyline to add some more substance . While the torture scenes are undoubtedly gruesome it all seems a bit over the top . Interesting emotional dilemma at the heart of the story but badly executed .
 Being a parent , I understand one 's hatred for those who would harm their child . Of course , many would want to torture or kill this killer . Elise and her husband were no different from many of us with that kind of hatred inside of them . Justice was not served in the courtroom . How unrealistic to serve a killer with only a 25 to life sentence for the hidious crime of this child . -LRB- Some Spoliers Below -RRB- : From reading some of the earlier reviews , I found this movie to be unrealistic at times as well . Were they too full of hatred to not notice the man they were torturing as not the killer ? It would never be that easy to spike the officers drink with a drug . Did he not wonder why she was standing so close to him without saying anything ? When did the so-called killer have time to get some paper and write a suicide letter for a crime he did not comment . This was after his escape from the couple . I guess from all that torturing , they convinced him that he did it.The ending was disappointing for me also . It made the movie twice as sad . Now we have a couple who 's life are not only destroyed by the death of their son , but now they are criminals themselves . These types of movies are not my cup of tea . I fast forwarded most of the movie . I could not watch or listen to the torturing . It was more than my eyes and stomach could take . The story was wrong all around . Clearly , no one should kill another , and the killer should not be kidnapped and killed by their victims as well . A sad movie indeed .
 Ok this movie will utterly make u mad at the end !!! It had some real good potential , father and mother have a son that was killed by someone , they track him down after he 's been arrested and when the killer is being moved the cou
 this would have been a much , much , much better movie without the twist ending . A mother and father want to punish the serial killer who tortured and killed their son . Honestly , who would n't sympathize with that ? So Mom and Dad kidnap the killer while he is being transported to a prison and lock him up in a empty cabin 's basement and torture him.This is not easy for them , as they are not evil like the serial killer is , the mother especially has a hard time sometimes . Makes sense . Realistically done . Super.However , the twist ending blew everything out of the water . Now , there is not necessarily anything wrong with twist endings , as long as they are delivered and executed well and enhance the plot . In this case , it did NOT happen . It only ruined the movie and completely cheapened the story .
 This movie is just plain awful.It does n't make any sense and it is so boring.It ca n't get much worse than this movie.On a scale of 1-10 , I would give a 2 . I would have given it a 1 but since David Arquette is in it , I 'll give it one extra point .
 First I must say that this film COULD have been good . You can rarely rely on the liner notes on a box these days . This one is billed as a `` high tech thriller '' with remarkable performances . The film boasts nothing high tech and mediocre performances . The best performances occur when the film flits to a black and white computer screen , which it does often , and the actors are playing some type of virtual reality game . The acting on the computer screen is the best part of the film . There is this surreal sense almost deamlike at times and because there is no dialog in these sequences these black and white dreamy asides work.The acting is confusing , two separate characters have limps with no apparent reason . A third character has a patch over her eye from some type of surgery and the writer director Michael Atmereyda never goes deeply enough into any one character where we can get some understanding of what makes his characters tick . He could greatly benefit from a good screen writing class where he should learn the basics of what makes for a good script . Some storyboards might have been shown around and he could have asked ior a little help before he made this film.There was potential and some very good ideas they just never developed . Think of it as a sort of `` CRASH '' type movie where everyone is somehow linked only in this script we never know how they are linked . There are way too many assumptions that the audience `` gets it '' , when in fact , there 's just not much to get . There are a few clever spots a Vandergraft generator that burns up and causes a fire that relates to an earlier fire sequence , a nightclub scene with a character that vaguely looks like Little Richard . I suppose there are enough odd elements to make this a tiny notch above a yawn . I would like to see more from this director as there are some genuine interesting ideas that dribble through this film . I would hope that this was a learning experience and that we get a better total package with his next effort . SG
 There are bad movies , and there are badder movies . And then there are simply TERRIBLE movies . This is one of them , an indie that can only serve to prove that MOST -LRB- not all , now -RRB- indies are movies made by intellectuals who think they have something important or ` artsy ' to say , but manage to say nothing . This abominable film is one of the worst movies I 've ever suffered through . A plot that makes no sense whatsoever with performances that are stifling and unbelievable , and no semblance of coherency at all . David Arquette should start being a stay at home husband for Courteney , and Ally Sheedy needs to retire . As for Clarence Williams III , he should stay in retirement and watch THE MOD SQUAD or something more productive . Nothing saves this awful mess .
 If you liked high school poetry class , you might like this movie . Both my wife and I hated it because the teachers always seemed to find some meaning in a poem that completely mystified us . I thought this movie was going to be a search for the missing sixteen-year-old sister of the main character . If she found out what happened , it must have been hidden just like those esoteric ` meanings ' our teachers found in the poems they assigned . I thought the movie was still setting the background when it suddenly ended . What it was all about , I have no idea.This is a movie for those who like to spout intellectual jibberish and think it means something . Or , maybe you have to be on some kind of illegal drug to make any sense of this movie ?
 ONLY EPISODES OF 1999 - I CELEBRITY DEATHMATCH FAN BUT DVD IS NOT The REASON SO THAT I LIKE The SHOW I ANOTHER THING SO THAT THEY CANCELLED The SHOW IF HIM GO SO WELL THEY COULD HAVE HAD IMPRESSIVE BATTLES LIKE : Ashton Kutcher vs Jack BlackNAOMI WATTSON vs Rene ZELLWEGERJASON LEE vs JUDE LAW `` BUT NOOO THE SHOW IS CANCELED `` THIS DVD IS VERY POOR NONCSINGLE PROBALY IS EAST DVD OF CELEBRITY DEATHMATCH THAT MANAGES TO REMOVELIKE RELESED ALL THE SERIES .
 While I agree that the Celebrity Deathmatch series was MTV 's greatest gift to mankind , be warned that this DVD is only 45 minutes long . Do n't those Sony clowns know that a DVD can easily contain 3 hours of animation ? Seven fight scenes is barely two episodes . If the South Park people can fit four episodes into a DVD , I 'm sure Sony can do likewise . There are so many other fights not yet available on DVD . Perhaps some entrepreneur out there would like to produce pirated Video CDs of Celebrity Deathmatch ? You 'd probably get more fight scenes on that !
 Celebrity Death Match is a wonderfully sick masterpiece . This DVD , however , is n't worth buying . It 's only 45 minutes long and -LSB- is costly -RSB- . Why does n't Sony release a Celebrity Death Match DVD set of the entire series ?
 This clasic and marvellous twisted show is one of the funniest things I 've ever watched on TV , and the only worth thing watching in that ridiculous and obnoxious channel called MTV . But to release it for this price and containing only 45 -LRB- that 's it
 Back in 1998 MTV was begining to forge into the annoying pop culture network we know today but , perhaps one of the bests things they did was air Celebrity Deathmatch . The series is basily celebrities fighting to the death . It was also a great way to poke fun at organized wrestling and how pathetic some celebritys were . The winner was usually who was more popular at the time of the fight . Although it was a great hit the series stoped airing and no original episodes were released for some time . As MTV changed their sequel network MTV 2 would air past episodes of the comedy classic . This DVD consists of some of the classics fights from old deathmatch how is it read on and find out.This DVD is really horrible it clocks in at under an hour and you barly get to see any good stuff , it is really a waste of money . See in reality Do n't buy it !!! I really wish they 'd realease a season or a volume DVD of episodes i really miss the series and i 'm sure i 'm not alone.Recently MTV 2 has been airing new episodes but the new Celebrity Deathmatch does n't have the same charm and appeal as the oringinal .
 As a dutiful fan of celebrity deathmatch I would enjoy the cable mrathon on Boxing Day . I was looking forward to continuing this tradition any day of the year . Sadly this is not to be . 45 minutes compared to 12 hours is an insult . I am certainly not ` getting it on ' . Too little for too much .
 Thought it would be funny . . Liked it as a teenager . . Not so much as an adult just more graphic than i remebered
 im hearing from other reviewers that this is only 45 minutes long . i like celebrity deathmatch but not this . what they should do is release the entire series . thats what they really should do .
 This was a low budget movie and it showed , The actors could have been a little more real when playing the parts . It looked as if some of the actors that this was there first time acting . The main leading lady office looked as if it was in a lunch and she was the one who owned her company ?? didnt enjoy it at all a wast of money ...
 There are those who believe that a movie critic is usually someone who would n't know how to make a movie if his or her life depended on it . I wo n't argue this point , but I do know that at the core of the process there is writing , which I do know something about . A movie script contains two kinds of writing and is usually composed in two columns . One column is the dialog , while the other contains notes about the setting , the tone and the actors ' body language . Some scripts that a studio buys contain a great story but lousy writing . This has created a whole other profession , that of the script doctor . After watching The Skulls , I thought to myself , `` Is there a doctor in the house ? `` The Skulls is about a secret society that has existed for decades in an Ivy League university . They never say which school it supposed to be , but since the letter ` Y ' is seen several times , I suppose it 's Yale . The alumni of this society are very rich and very powerful . To be selected to join it means that one has a leg up in life.Luke McNamara -LSB- Joshua Jackson -RSB- is a student from the lower middle class who is working his way through college . This is a stock character in such movies and is written to evoke sympathy in the audience , which is presumed to care less about the ins and outs of rich kids . Luke needs a lot of money to get through law school . The Skulls , he thinks , would be of great benefit to him . When he is chosen he is thrilled , but it does n't take long for him to find out that there is now a barrier between him and his best friends , Caleb and Chloe -LSB- Hill Harper and Leslie Bibb -RSB- . When a grisly murder occurs in the society 's mansion , Luke discovers he could lose a lot more than just his friends.This brings us back to the writing , which is so bad that it makes The Skulls enjoyable in a way no one intended it to be . It is one of those movies that make us laugh in all the wrong places . This is the kind of entertainment we watch in morbid fascination , gleefully hoping it gets even worse . In this , The Skulls does not disappoint . There is , for example , an initiation scene in which the new recruits are literally branded on the wrist . They are each then given a new Rolex watch to wear , I guess because this is a secret society . Give us a break ! The dialog is so silly that it is impossible to tell if any of the young actors can act or not . Paul Walker , who plays Caleb Mandrake , has a lot of pained expressions on his face , but I ca n't say for certain if these looks pertain to the lines he is forced to utter .
 Joshua Jackson and Paul Walker are budding stars that will soon land themselves into feature films and be handed better scripts than The Skulls . It 's obvious both actors have talent , and are a good movie away from being big name stars.The Skulls was mediocre at best . Actually , it was below mediocre . Was it watch able ? Yes , but barely . The whole concept was pretty outlandish and rather silly . I ca n't imagine such a society existing to this extreme extent , but I 'm sure there are ones that have the same practices.Rob Cohen did a terrible job of giving substance to the characters . I really felt no real feelings towards any of the performers because their backgrounds were either briskly explained or not interesting at all . It 's as if Cohen had one thing in mind , and that was making this secret society as mysterious as possible , and totally forgot about his characters.Also , the street punks magically turning into brainiacs is unbelievable . There were many instances like this through out the movie that were down right clich&eacute; loaded.The Skulls turned me off for many reasons , and it 's a shame because the basic , basic premise is quite intriguing . 2 Stars
 Let me ask you - if you ran a `` secret '' society , would you have your groups emblem cast in iron and set on a rooftop ? No ? Then , would you also consider this a `` secret '' society if evryone and their mother knew of it 's existence ? I did n't think so . Such is the first of many major flaws in this campy movie . The plot is interesting and if you can get past all of the fluff in this one - then you 'll enjoy this movie.For myself , I found myself laughing at this one more than anything else . `` A skull above any other ! '' What the heck does that mean ?
 Interesting premise but carried to such fantastical extreme as to disabuse . The story deteriorates from a somewhat intriguing tale to imaginary nonsense . Director Cohen does say in his commentary that since nobody really knows what goes on in those `` secret '' societies at Yale , Harvard , etc. -LRB- and as a Harvard alum I have to add , nobody cares -RRB- , Cohen and his colleagues could let their imaginations run free . Well , they did . Yale , meet the Addams Family and The Munsters . Morticia and Lurch are more believable than the Skullsters in this thing . Nicely photographed movie though , especially the ersatz Ivy League interiors , somewhat reminiscent of older edifices at the real Harvard . Kudos for cinematography . Thumbs down on plot . Thumbs up for Craig T. Nelson as Mandrake , Sr. , a cad you come to relish hating .
 When I rented this movie , from a friend 's suggestion -LRB- he said he liked it in the seventh grade so at 26 , I should like it too -RRB- I dind ' t really know what I was going to get . Little did I know I was going to get Charlie from the Mighty Ducks . While he 's not the lovable winner from the show about ice hockey , he 's still the good guy and good guys win -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- .
 This movie did n't do much for me , the DVD edition here has some cool features -LRB- which were considered with the review -RRB- , however the movie is just there . In college one of my history professors told us about an `` secret society '' that existed with it 's roots in the ivy leage schools that spaned to upper gorvenment.The actions of this secret society were n't posed as being negitve -LRB- although politcal coruption is likely with any organization -RRB- but more a controlling entity that helps focus key descisions.I 'll leave you to be the judge of the turth in this -LRB- and does it really matter anyway -RRB- , The Skulls focuses around how such society can lock in it 's members by treating them extreemly well and then expecting them to bond even though corupt illegal acts.The story is drawn out at points , and leaves the viewer wondering how much footage was left on the cutting room floor to fit this feature down to a reasonable length . Somewhere along the way the movie just does n't mesh , the soundtrack is laced with good music that tends to pop up at all the wrong moments more so for the sake of `` being a good soundtrack '' than complementing the film . Somewhere along the way the movie stops making sense and becomes unrealistic to the viewer , while the script is still trying to portray a realistic story.The actors deliver in their roles . Especially Joshua Jackson -LRB- the lead character -RRB- who will hopefully use this mediocre movie to help launch his career .
 Horrible movie . This movie looked interesting in the previews , then I saw it . Boy I learned my lesson fast . It was full of scenes with unintentionally funny dialoge and Characters that are stupid and just for the sake of moving the script and story along . Only reason to see it is to look at Paul Walker . Skip and go rent Lords of Discipline or School Days ? This is a waste of money . Runnnnn !
 The idea was probably good - try to make a movie allegedly based on the real-life secret society Skull & Bones -LRB- of which many politicians , including George W. Bush and his father , and numerous influential business people are members -RRB- . Somewhere along the way , however , the train came off the tracks . This film makes the society and its actions hokey . If the filmmaker truly wanted the almost unbelieveable real story to come out , he should have made a documentary .
 Whoa boy , I 've seen some pretty lame flicks last year , but The Skulls definitely comes in as one of the worst . It 's a mind-bogglingly stupid tale about a pretty boy -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- who stupidly decides to join a secret society , and it seems all the members of this society , called The Skulls , are pretty dumb in their own rights , too . Of course , this did n't prepare me for the lame as heck finale , which features a duel , that 's right , a duel involving two flintlock pistols .
 I 've always loved the movie The Brotherhood of the Bell , so I assumed I would like The Skulls , which is basically a remake , only this time set in college instead of the real world.It 's about a secret society in an Ivy league university , where members are expected to put loyalty and service to each other above the law or any outside loyalties , secretly helping each other to advance in society with special favors . In the old version Glenn Ford was an adult who was called upon to repay his debt to the society , at a higher cost than he ever anticipated , and it 's intensely suspenseful , as he keeps trying to find a way out but learns everyone he appeals to for help is either loyal to the secret society or threatened and controlled by them . It 's a kind of paranoia suspense thriller , almost like Three Days of the Condor.Unfortunately in this version about college kids , you just get the feeling that the protagonist can simply walk away from the whole thing - they practically tell him that he can , at one point . And the secret society , with corny props all over , seem more like a children 's club , like something Opie would join on The Andy Griffith Show , rather than the realistic and subtly ominous organization of The Bell , reminiscent of old conspiracy theories about the Masons and such . Plus , Craig Nelson is just too much a light weight for the villain compared to Dean Jagger . Brotherhood of the Bell had a better cast all around , with great character actors like Will Geer and William Conrad.So it 's just because it was disappointing by comparison to that older movie that I can only give The Skulls 2 stars .
 This is a very bad film ... It is nicely shot , and the set location is good , but the plot -LRB- college kid outsmarts global super-powerful secret society -RRB- is just terrible . It 's one of those films where you actually hope there is n't a happy ending -LRB- we can wish , ca n't we ?! -RRB-
 The movie has a good story , but they messed it up with their begginig and silly end . It 's definetely NOT worth it .
 This is a simply awesome film . Suspense , action , thrills , this film has everything . Suitable for all age groups but if your 15 to 20 you will love this .
 As I was watching this movie it reminded me of Alfred Hitchcock 's films . The theme about an innocent being wrongfully accused , and now must go out and prove his innocence . I kept thinking , what if this movie was made 40 or 50 years ago . Hitchcock would of directed it , Cary Grant or Jimmy Stewart would have acted it in , and it would turn out to be a wonderful exciting , suspenseful movie . Instead we get , Rob Cohen directing it , and Joshua Jackson acting it . It sounds like a bit of a let down , does n't it ? A very mediocre film , with mundane performances all over . As this year has went on , I 've come to expect nothing short of trash from the movies being made this year . Everything I see , seems to be a let down to me -LRB- `` Me , Myself & Irene '' , `` X-Men '' , `` Loser '' , and `` Is n't She Great '' are prime examples -RRB- . And this film falls in that list too . Joshua Jackson plays `` Luke '' McNamara . He 's trying his hardest to get thru college and wants to get accepted into `` The Skulls '' , an elite group of graduates , who can seem to do anything ! Paul Walker -LRB- Caleb Mandrake -RRB- is also one of the students to get accepted into this elite society . After the death of one of the students on campus , `` Luke '' is the main suspect . Now , he and his girlfriend Chloe -LRB- Popular 's Leslie Bibb -RRB- must prove his innocence . But Craig T. Nelson -LRB- Judge Litten Mandrake -RRB- will do anything to make sure that `` Luke '' is caught ! When it seems as if nobody will believe his story , `` Luke '' fights for his life . I 'll give the movie some credit . Some scenes are okay to watch . Some are even a bit exciting . But most of the movie is a brainless , dull , and boring . It never really amounts to much other than being two things . 1 - a poor action teen flick , and 2 - an excuse for girls to stare at Joshua Jackson on something other than `` Dawson 's Creek '' . Unless your a girl who happens to be a Jackson fan I suggest everyone else stay away from this film and wait till it comes on cable , maybe even then you should n't watch it !
 I work at a video store , and I had heard this movie was bad , so for fun I decided to watch this movie before it came out . It was laughably horrible . I figured people would hate this film when it came out , but I have not heard ONE negative remark ! People always complain about movies that are different and refreshing -LRB- like Titus and Magnolia -RRB- , but no one seems to care that this movie is one of the worst of the year . Obviously , people do n't have good judgment about films , so hopefully you do and do n't buy this garbage .
 Find something better to do than which this dribble . Nothing makes any sense and the ending is incredibly stupid . Lousy acting and silly screenplay only add to the mess of this movie .
 at Yale University known for producing multiple U.S. Presidents , CEOs , Tycoons , etc. . However , this story does n't document the group but rather loosely uses it as a storyline backdrop only . It probably will leave most people dissatisfied although it is fairly well played and can be tense at times .
 I have gone to a museum and seen more life in a skull , than in the film The Skulls , a cheesy teen thriller about a college student who reluctanley gets into a secret society , named for the title , The Skulls and then procedes to find flaws in it , only then wanting to get out , and discovering the only way out , is to die . The only thing thats worth watching in this bore fest is Lesley Bibb , who we dont even get to see as much as we 'd like . There is no suspence in this suspence , and no depth with the charactors , other than that they would pretty much do anything to get into a `` secret society . '' The directings not all that bad , but it doesnt help , the actings not either , like i said with the exception of Bibb , and the writings not even all that swell . The Skulls did resemble a teenage version of The Firm , which was a way better film all together , but what can you expect from the whole set of the WB . Just kidding .
 Wow , I thought that the whole secret soceities idea might make a cool movie , but I was quite wrong . I mean , come on , horrible script , worse acting , and how long is this movie anyway ? It seemed many hours passed under the torture of one retarded scene after another . The only plus , if you can call it that , is that you can laugh at the moronic dialogue and situations that arise . Even funnier ... is that this movie actually takes itself seriously .
 A forgettable product , a weak effort by director Rob Cohen . Joshua Jackson is disappointing as the lading character in this movie about a `` secret '' society where everybody knows who is a member or not !!! The accepted members erceive twenty thousand dollars on the spot and spend it withno low-profile at all !! A bad movie , no doubt , but you can watch it if you 're totally out of options .
 This movie is so stupid I 'm not sure where to begin . Right from the start , you are subjected to poor acting , EXTREMELY pathetic dialogue , and an overall lame story . I almost enjoyed watching this for its laughable cheesiness . I give it one star because I was amused by the dialogue that was either inconceivably stupid or stereotypical , as well as the obvious homoerotic undertones between the 2 main characters . Several scenes were there for no other reason than to suggest there was more going on between these guys than was shown , if ya know what I mean .
 I am doing this review only because thus far it has a five star rating and I can not let that stand because it may lead some poor lost soles to buy this movie . Cheesy , badly acted , and very unbelievable . 1 star just because I think you have to give it at least that according to the Amazon review rules .
 I think that Joshua Jackson is hot -LRB- and Paul Walker is pretty cute , too -RRB- , but this was one of the worst movies that I have ever seen . When I went to see it , I thought that I might like it because the story about a powerful , but dangerous , fraternity/secret society sounded interesting . However , they failed to make a good movie out of a good idea . It had a poor , predictable ending . The last shot with the sunset was so incredibly cheesy as were a lot of other elements in the movie . Luke is so poor -LRB- he has no father and his mother died when he was one ... that 's a little extreme ... why do n't they just say that he was born in a box on the street ? -RRB- , but he 's going to an ivy-league school on a full scholarship because he 's great at rowing , and now he ca n't pay for graduate school ... boo hoo ... get a loan ! Things like this as well as the OVERDONE , CHEESY CINEMATOGRAPHY made this movie really irritating to watch . However , if you love to stare at Joshua Jackson -LRB- and not care what the movie is about -RRB- , I suggest that you see it because he is actually in more than two or three scenes . I give the movie 2 stars for two cute guys ... but that 's it .
 This movie is a joke . IT 's not a movie to make you feel anger , but definitely is a bad production . The plot is so full of holes I could not believe it ! Acting is poor from beginning to end -LRB- it 's sad to see McDonald , one of the actors from `` THELMA & LOUISE '' , in it -RRB- . The funniest part is to know that the `` SKULLS '' are highly secret . But the new recruited students accepted into it each receives a brand new Porsche , Ferrari , Thunderbird or whatever !!! Second funniest part is to know that the society is so well-organized that their leaders keeps a tape showing a cold murder is the same place and manner as all the others surveillance tapes they have !!! The duel sequnce in the end almos made me laugh , I thought it was a comedy . As for Joshua Jackson acting , forget it ...
 This movie stinks . I mean , it really does . It is a bad WB television movie gone wrong . The actors seem to know this also.Do not buy this . Rent it if you 'd like . . but you have been warned .
 This film is nicely shot and has a really good look to it , but these ca n't save it from a terrible script , wafer-thin plot , generally poor perfomances and lack of a single character with whom one could sympathise.Avoid .
 The Skulls -LRB- Rob Cohen , 2000 -RRB- Cohen , the man behind Dragonheart , directs this tale of the evils of Ivy League secret societies , complete with slimy overlord -LRB- Craig T. Nelson -RRB- and angry young idealist -LRB- the underrated Hill Harper , who most recenly showed up in the ill-fated TV series City of Angels -RRB- bent on exposing the inner workings of all things secret ; `` if it 's secret and elite , it ca n't be good . '' When you spell out your theme that plainly that early in the movie , what do you have left?Still , this flick had a whole lot of wasted potential . The main story focuses on the relationship between local-boy-made-good Luke MacNamara -LRB- teen heartthrob Joshua Jackson from Dawson 's Creek -RRB- and the Evil Slimy Overlord 's son , Caleb Mandrake -LRB- teen heartthrob Paul Walker , recently of Varsity Blues -RRB- , with minor attention paid to how Luke 's induction into the secret society affects his friendships with Harper 's character and his `` the audience knows they 're in love but he does n't '' girlfriend Chloe -LRB- teen heartthrob Leslie Bibb , from the TV series Popular -RRB- . There 's enough suspense to kill an hour and a half without wanting to throw the VCR out the window , but one gets the feeling that with a slightly more capable director -LRB- I mean , come on , the guy put Sean Connery in a rubber dragon suit -RRB- and less of a focus on casting teen heartthrobs , this could have been a real killer . Wait for it to hit the specials bin , but do n't go out of your way to avoid it just because the whole cast is on the WB . **
 Lightweight film , but interesting premise . The sons of wealthy , powerful families get inducted into an Ivy League secret society . In return for a vow of mutual lifetime assistance , they get all sorts of advantages -LRB- expensive cars , grad school admissions , forgivable student loans , old boy network at the highest levels of society -RRB- . Best of all , their darkest secrets are whitewashed , covered up , and forgotten.Darned if this does n't remind us of a skull currently running for president .
 This film lacks any of the suspense or intensity that makes good thrillers memorable . Cohen claims it is a message film aimed at teenagers headed toward college . The message I took away from it is find a better script before you start making your movie or it will wind up like this -- hackneyed and predictable.There are plenty of implausibilities and downright silliness , not to mention groaners in the dialogue and some serious over-acting . But if you think this movie is bad , just check out the sequel ...
 I am a William L. Petersen fan , But if I had a choice on watching this video again or being bashed in the skull . I would take the skull bash thank you very much .
 This movie is mean , man ... !!! It was clearly made with the best of intentions
 Yes , this movie is broken . It ` s boring , dragging and sleep inducing.The acting is bland . The dialogues are insipid . The pace drags and drags . I agreed with reviewer , Steven Kuroiwa , when he said this was the worst movie of Marlon Brando . I ` m glad I did not rent it . I borrowed it from the library instead .
 I love Marlon Brando , I consider him to be the greatest actor ever . He was/is my favorite actor . But I must be honest about this movie . It 's not good . I barely have words to describe how disappointingly bad this movie is . The pace of the film is off -LRB- the movie itself is off -RRB- , as well as , the tone . The script leaves much to be desired and the editing is perfunctory at best . On the whole the movie is boring , but the scenes with Brando provide SOME comic relief . But it 's like watching two different movies at once . The movie seems as if it is patched together with a lot of puzzle pieces missing . It was frustrating to watch . And the ending scene with the horses and carrots was beyond bizzare and Brando 's bonnet scene was simply disturbing . I sat through the movie wondering if Brando was high , or still recovering from the nervous breakdown he had after Last Tango in Paris , because I know that movie virtually destroyed him psychologically and had a profound effect on how he chose his future movie projects . I do n't know what he was trying to accomplish in this film -LRB- if he was trying to accomplish anything at all -RRB- or if this is the direction the director wanted to go in . Whatever the answer this is not a movie I will be watching again .
 I read in an old book of movie reviews that Marlon Brando had had script approval of the Missouri Breaks , and that he had forced the director , Arthur Penn , to make nonsensical changes in the script . This is certainly believable once you 've seen the film . It seems as though Penn set out to make a neo-Western in the McCabe and Mrs. Miller or Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid mold and that Marlon Brando tried to do everything he could to sabotage it . -LRB- If this sounds familiar , maybe it 's because you 've seen Apocalypse Now -RRB- . Brando is willfully bizarre -- particularly his increasingly ridiculous costumes -- and if you 're not too involved in the `` real '' story , the whole thing is actually quite funny . Brando 's performance is reminiscent of Peter Sellers 's in Lolita , except that Brando 's co-stars seem to be at a loss when he is on screen with them.The problem with all this is that , beyond its value as a curiosity , the film as a whole is just not very interesting . Whatever story , drama , tone or theme that was intended simply does not come across . It is a bit like trying to watch two different movies at once , Brando 's and everyone else 's , and it just does n't work . Jack Nicholson is fun to watch as always , but the lead actress is mediocre at best and thoroughly 20th century . She sticks out almost as bad as Brando does , and that 's really saying something.The Missouri Breaks is amusing to see once if you 're interested in watching Marlon Brando be completely loony -LRB- and in that case you 'll probably be tempted to see the totally awful Candy -RRB- , but otherwise I would not recommend it .
 I do n't know who gave this movie a PG rating , but they sure missed the mark . In short , if you do not like taking the Lord 's name in vain , and coarse language in general , do n't waste your time on this movie . It , also , is nothing like the old Westerns where the good guy was good and the bad guy was bad . In this movie , it seems that every one is bad , or willing to ignore morality when it would seem to benefit them at the moment . So much for honesty , character , valor , chivalry or any other virtues ; they do n't seem to be of concern in this movie .
 I saw this western when I was a big fan of violent action movies . Arthur Penn 's `` The Missouri Breaks '' is one of Marlon Brando 's very worst movies . `` Regulator '' Marlon Brando is hired to kill cattle rustler Jack Nicholson and his whole gang.This movie is one of Brando 's worst . The movie is n't particularly exciting or interesting . `` The Missouri Breaks '' is nowhere near as good as `` Little Big Man , '' another Arthur Penn western . Jack Nicholson gives one of his most forgettable performances . Harry Dean Stanton , arguably the greatest character actor in recent cinema , is wasted as a member of Nicholson 's gang . Brando probably does more than anyone else to ruin this film . According to movie legend , Brando walked off the set of Elia Kazan 's `` On The Waterfront '' during the filming of his famous dialogue with Rod Steiger because he could n't tolerate Steiger 's intense emoting . Brando 's hammy performance in `` The Missouri Breaks '' rivals Steiger 's worst work . His out-of-control performance adds an absurd tone to what is supposedly a serious western.I am also shocked that this film only received a PG-rating . `` The Missouri Breaks '' could be the most violent PG-rated film in movie history . The movie is more graphic than a lot of R-rated films.Only for those who merely want to see violent action or who like to laugh at bad acting .
 I watched this movie a few days ago at a time of night when infomercials are most prevalent . I began watching the film with no real expectations , but still happy that I might have stumbled upon some cinematic gem at 2 or 3 in the morning . But as the movie progressed I could only justify my further viewing of it as the choosing of a lesser `` evil '' . Sadly , this movie joins a long list of other films where a cornucopia of talent was assembled , but the result was ... . So many of the actors in this film are wasted on the material given them , and the only perfomance that really makes an impact -LRB- Brando 's -RRB- is simply laughable . One can catch a glimpse of the sad state Brando 's career will ultimately reach while watching this film . I 'm not even going to get started on the dull , meandering plot . Basically , just do n't watch this movie , at least if there 's something else better on ... like a Juiceman infomercial .
 I love this movie and I wanted to loan it to a friend to enjoy , but it would ` nt play on my DVD or theirs . Had to send it back . : - -LRB-
 This movie is a mess . It 's hard to believe that a talent pool this wide and deep could have produced such a terrible movie . The original critics were correct -- the plot is slim and poorly developed , the dialog is irritating and all the potential squandered in scene after agonizing scene . All the great reviews are an effort to canonize either Penn or Brando by calling this `` quirky '' or `` eccentric '' but honestly , that 's all crap.Brando is not an actor here as much as doing some performance art loosely constricted by a movie structure . Honest to God for no reason at all he shows up in women 's clothing in one scene , his accents are all over the place , and he seemingly refuses to engage with any other character in the film . I 've read that Penn basically gave up trying to direct him , that Nicholson did n't respect him because he could n't remember lines , and that he had final script say . That explains most of the movie 's problems - his performance is genuinely lunatic , he and Nicholson have no chemistry at all , and the mood of the thing is all over the place . Originally you think you might get a little examination of the morality of the frontier , but it gets so bogged down in an utterly unbelievable love story and Brando 's scenery-chewing that the thread is lost long before the movie ends . Is it pretty ? Yep . Damn beautiful . Are there some decent performances ? Well , yes ; notably Nicholoson and Harry Dean Stanton . Should you buy this thing ? Well , I guess if you need it to write your PhD thesis for film school . Tastes differ , for sure , but I think the Missouri Breaks is really not a movie most people will enjoy .
 The movie is a good one and the product was clean and on time ------------------- Only ------------- movies from Europe will not work on American Equipment . They tried to blame me for not noticeing that it was from overseas -- IF IT WO N'T PLAY IN AMERICA -- DO N'T SELL IT IN AMERICA !!!!!!
 WARNING ... be careful of buying this unless you have a HD DVD . Too bad I bought this DVD as none of my players can view it and can not return it .
 I bought it . Too bad we ca n't view it . NONE of the computers , laptops , portable players or televisions the family and extended family own will open the program .
 WARNING ... be careful of buying this unless you have a HD DVD . Too bad I bought this DVD as none of my players can view it and can not return it .
 I bought it . Too bad we ca n't view it . NONE of the computers , laptops , portable players or televisions the family and extended family own will open the program .
 The movie it self is 4.5 stars but when i bought this it was a cheap pirated one the case was paper and from other reviews im sure that the quality would have been bad . Do n't know why Amazon was selling this in that manor .
 While the movie itself is okay . This DVD is a RIPOFF !! It looks like a grainy youtube video . It 's Blurry ... pixelated ... mono sound . This DVD also states on the box `` more Israeli films available at -LSB- ... -RSB- '' . Just a heads up as to where your money is really going if you buy this . Save your money and wait for an official release .
 Cocteau 's Beauty and the Beast is a universal masterpiece . But the transfer for this edition -LRB- Criterion Spine # 6 -RRB- is not up to the editor 's usual standards
 As a serious film , this one is a real dud . However , as a piece of hilariously inept production , it 's a real winner . The plot is ludicrous , and the acting is equally poor . Still , some of the scenes are rather good , particularly the bizarre sequence which takes place in the village of the lunatics . Of course , the greatest lunatics are the people who produced this silly little film . No stars for quality , but 2 stars for pure comedy value .
 This film marked the singularly unspectacular acting -LRB- ? -RRB- debut of champion gymnast Kurt Thomas , and attempted to cash in on his Olympic fame . However , good athletes do n't necessarily make good actors , and Kurt 's performance proves it . The rest of the cast is n't much better , and the script is dreadful . However , there are some fun moments in this film . The scene in the village of the lunatics is pretty bizarre , some of the extras are truly creepy-looking , and the sheer lunacy of the plot provides some good laughs . If you have ever wondered what Ed Wood could have done with a martial-arts film , watch this one .
 I read the original book this movie was based on -LRB- The Terrible Game by Dan Tyler Moore -RRB- long before the movie ever came out . Excellent novel and absolutely worth the read - I HIGHLY recommend reading the book -LRB- used book store -RRB- . PLEASE do not think the book is anything like the movie - it is not ! I am incredibly disapointed with the movie adaptation . The acting , stunts , and general filming were very poorly done . Do n't watch the movie , but please read the book if you can pick it up at a used book store . Watch at your own risk ...
 I 'm very proud of this movie as Kurt Thomas comes from my home state . This movie has it all , karate , bloodsport , a gymnast , crazy balkans people , an old guy that waves a sword and of course guys wearing black hoods holding flags . Kurt 's wooden acting is astoundingly bad . Perhaps they should have hired Bart Conner too . Imagine 2 tiny gymnasts kicking ninja butt ! The utter convenience of a pommel horse showing up in the middle of a town just when you need to beat up people while doing a gymnastics routine is classic.Rent this movie ! Kurt Thomas needs the money !
 ... I think so . Horrible acting , horrible stuntwork , bad camera work and a ripped-off script . Kurt Thomas was a fine gymnast , but he ca n't even fake a fight scene , and he deffinately ca n't act .
 This movie is so bad I think Erik Estrada would have turned it down . I actually used this movie to * win * a bad movie party competition . The acting is made laughable by the fact that everybody in the movie seems to be taking this trash seriously.My personal highlights are when Kurt Thomas -LRB- a diminutive Olympic hardbody -RRB- fights the baddies in the town square using a well placed -LRB- and poorly disguised -RRB- pommel horse so he can show off his only real skill while kicking the bad guys who continue to attack him rather than simply waiting for him to make a mistake . The Romainian judge could have simply given him a 5.65 which would have just killed him.The other -LRB- dare I ruin the suspense -RRB- is when Kurt discovers that the uber bad guy is really his long lost father . Arrrgh ! How anybody expected people to stay in theaters long enough to watch this movie without resorting to bear traps and crazy glue remains a mystery to me .
 I remember overpaying for this movie at a budget double feature -- I think I paid $ 2.00 . This was literally the most painful movie to watch . It was like receiving the clockwork orange treatment regarding movies to the point that you wanted to fall to your knees gagging . The argument that maybe its so bad its good does n't work . This movie is smallpox . This movie is the plague . Filled with scenes of Kurt Thomas using a pummel horse routine to launch a mighty gymnastic attack against village crazies is not a motivation to view this film . It is easily the worst movie ever made .
 ROBERT CLOUSE
 What can one say about Gymkata?If you want to see the worst action film ever committed to vinyl , you could n't go wrong here . The plot is a laugher , the acting is worst , and everything else in the film falls somewhere between the two.However , this film is so bad it will probably become a cult favorite in the years to come . It makes Ed Wood Jr look like Steven Spielberg . Simply put , Gymkata has no equals when it comes to low-rate films . That 's why it should be ported to DVD and every person who likes films SHOULD have a copy of this movie . But I feel the distributor should PAY the viewer to take a tape or disc of this film off their hands , instead of the other way around.Gymkata will make you laugh more than most comedies . The action scenes are predictable , unrealistic , etc. . . And look for some good flubs , too . Although the characters are supposed to be native to some remote areas of Asia/Europe , the blond antagonist often reveals a strong New York City accent . Hysterical ! And watch closely how nervous that same guy looks riding a horse - obviously a first timer . You will laugh so hard you 'll cry . < This review is based on the version shown on premium television channels >
 What a tremendously bad movie `` Gymkata '' is . In parts , the sheer terribleness of the film overwhelms its audience . Having seen the film a couple of times , I wondered how Robert Clouse got the movie to stick to the celluloid . That 's no hyperbole - It really is that bad . The plot involves some kind of nonsense about setting up a stars wars defense site in a fictional Eastern European country called Parmistan . The premise of the film is , if Kurt Thomas can win a bloody , ancient tournament called , `` The Game , '' he will be granted one wish by the King of Parmistan . That wish , as already established , is to use Parmistan 's stategic location for a Star Wars laser defense site . As you can well surmise , the film drips with Reagan era jingoism and American chauvinism . Somehow , every single person is Eastern Europe is either retarded , or suffers from some visible infirmity . I urge all who read this message to see `` Gymkata '' at least once . I ca n't fathom the possibility that there is a worse movie out there .
 One of the worst of the genre ... Kurt Thomas is about as thrilling to watch as paint drying ! I think Kurt is back flipping burgers at McDonalds in Seattle ! Bad plot , lousy script , stupid concept ... and they are the film 's assets !! Move on to something better from Jackie Chan !
 I could hardly believe this film was being high-listed for possible DVD release during the Amazon.com voting ... let 's be honest , it is not that good a movie -LRB- neither acting nor plot nor cinematography -RRB- , unless you have an intense need to see some gymnastics and Kurt Thomas . But do make a point of reading VICSARJOO 's review , for a delicious satire of over-blown and mis-guided reviews . If you enjoy that review -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- there are some other classics by him if you link to his other reviews , though some seem a little half-hearted compared to this review by him . Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death is another fine example of his dry wit . Thank you VICSARJOO for making me smile .
 Gymkata was one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . But , it was so cheesy and poorly done that it was hilarious ! I 'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys finding humor in bad movies .
 1st . off being a very big Martial Arts fan this movie does n't even come in the same category as a Martial Arts Movie , the reason it has n't been released so far is because the Movie Sucked Big Time . Conan Lee was in this movie which is the reason I went to see it when it 1st . came out and he gets killed within 10minutes of the movie . So do n't even waste your time or money to buy this . I had to give this 1 star because it does n't have a 0-Star rating .
 If you love creme brulee , then watching this is like eating dog turds wrapped in fig leaves.That 's not to say this film does n't have it 's unique contributions to American culture . I can think of no other film that has both gymnastics , and a Balkan wearing a mask behind his head who moons the protagonist.Recommendation
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** A criminal burglarizes the home of a wealthy opera singer in London , looking for a set of expensive jewels . During the burglary he murders the opera singer but when the singer 's nine year old niece interrupts the crime , the criminal flees after failing to discover where the jewels are hidden in the home . This is essentially the opening of the old Hollywood chestnut , ` Gaslight ' , starring Hollywood icon , Ingrid Bergman , as Paula Alquist Anton , the protagonist of this rather slow-moving , dated ` mystery-thriller ' . Following the murder , little Paula is sent to Italy where she studies to become an opera singer like her aunt . Now as an adult , her music teacher becomes exasperated with her as her mind is never on her music studies and she can never give up obsessing about the murder of her aunt . She ends up returning to the old house in London where her aunt met her demise after meeting Gregory Anton -LRB- played by another Hollywood icon , Charles Boyer -RRB- who is her piano accompanist during her opera lessons and an aspiring composer . All the courtship scenes between Paula and Gregory set in Italy serve as unnecessary exposition and it takes quite a bit of time before we get to the meat and potatoes of the story
 Cukor 's film is a remake of a very fine UK original starring Anton Walbrook and directed in 1940 by Thorold Dickinson . The American release title was Angel Street . When MGM purchased the movie it was supposed that all negatives and prints were destroyed . Happily a print was rediscovered in the studio vaults . You can decide for yourself which version you prefer . There are some terrific performances in the British film , and brilliant directorial flourishes . Walbrook 's particularly good as the cold-blooded husband pushing his frail wife -LRB- Diana Winyard -RRB- over the edge . Great atmosphere , wonderful supporting cast Enjoy !
 So I read all the reviews for this product and was so excited because I have n't been able to find the 1940 original gaslight anywhere ! Imagine my disappointment when I watched this DVD and found that it had only the 1944 version . :-LRB- not happy . I gave this two stars because I enjoyed the Ingrid Bergman version . Still pissed ... waste of money
 Is Warner Bros. really releasing classic films like `` Gaslight '' , `` Grand Hotel '' , `` Mrs. Miniver '' , `` Mutiny On The Bounty '' and `` The Great Ziegfeld '' in COLORIZED versions . What are they thinking ?! These films were released in glorious black & white , which , along with the casting , direction , story , cinematography and editing , made these films classics . I ca n't imagine a studio with any sense of pride stooping so low as to release their classics in anything other than their orginal versions . If this is true , all I can say is I 'm glad Warner Bros. is n't in charge of the Louvre . They 'd probably recast the Mona Lisa with Britney Spears sporting a big , toothy grin . Smarten up , Warner Bros. . I do not plan on buying any film that has been butchered like these films will be .
 This DVD does not contain the original movie with Charles Boyer . It is a later version with a lower quality of cast and poor acting .
 the box says Ingrid Bergman and J Cotten . Its a lie . They are theiving from us . The box says it is Ingrid Bergman . How cna yoyu sell it as such when it is not her movie .
 This film really made me angry and pissed off I bothered watching it . The characters were cardboard and I ca n't believe Ingrid Bergman starred in this junk.The main character totally lost it , believing all what her husband was saying about her . She was totally unthinking in the whole episode until it was revealed that her husband was a con .
 Biohunter is pretty much stock anime . Its not boring , but it is predictable . The animation is okay in a 1980 's kind of way . If you like cutting edge anime dont watch this , but if youre looking for a bit of rental fun and do n't expect too much this would be just fine . Thanks for your time .
 i ordered this movie off of amazon 2 months ago because my uncle in lebanon wanted it so i ordered it a month and a half in advance and i still have not gotten it this is horrible .
 I 'm a big fan of the car chase/road trip cult films from the 1970 's , so I thought this film would be worth checking out . I was n't expecting anything Oscar-worthy or mind-blowing from the script , the dialogue or the plotline , but I was hoping for some decent car chases and/or crashes . I got neither . ` Cannonball Run II ' was more enjoyable than this , and HB Halicki 's films had better acting and dialogue than this puppy did.It 's only worth seeing to cross off the list . I highly doubt anybody would go back for a second viewing . I sure wo n't .
 Before David Carradine experienced a career revival of sorts in Quentin Tarantino 's `` Kill Bill '' movies & crossed ; swords with The Bride , Uma Thurman , he was Cannonball , A Man on the Run.The plot is completely nonsensical ; it involves a cross-country race.David Carradine gets helped by car geeks , has a strange convenience store brawl , shows off his chest for no reason whatsoever & a ; squeaky voiced Marilyn Monroe lookalike goes to bed with an unpleasingly plump bad guy.Okay , it 's a cross country race , David Carradine has to win to clear his name -- it 's good dumb fun.Need I say more ?
 I need to send this dvd back to you . It has subtitles in French . It does not say anything about this on the packaging nor did I order it this way . I was not satisfied with this dvd . I will ship it back and exchange it for a dvd in English with no subtitles . Sandra Birchfield
 This film starts out promisingly with some beautiful photography showing Indiana in the fall . It soon bogs down to repetitious basketball footage and cliche characters going about their wretched lives pointlessly . If you like shots of basketballs bouncing off of backboards , this film might be entertaining . To me , it was like being hit in the face continually with a basketball for the better part of two hours.Oh well , it beats watching the NBA .
 This must be the worst , most pathetic film I have seen . I bought this movie because I like Gene Hackman . The movie is boring and slow moving . I have never been to Indiana , and now I am sure I NEVER wish to go there . The movie is full of drab , dull , lifeless and bleak scenes . The acting is okay , and the music is good . What is so exciting about a school winning a state championship ? This happens all the time . Why do they make a movie of this ? I highly suggest NOT purchasing this movie . This movie is a total waste of time and money . I would have rated it with zero stars , but it would not let me do that .
 Buying the blu-ray of this cherished film is a veritable waste of money . Pitiful transfer . I almost sold my 2-disc Collector 's Edition after buying the blu-ray ; then I saw the blu-ray version I 'd purchased and wisely kept the Collector 's Edition.No extras to speak of -LRB- unless you like the trailers -RRB- with the blu-ray edition . The Collector 's Edition has the original game and plenty of deleted scenes . Someone here mentioned that it was an older film so it could n't be transferred well
 Purchased this dvd for my son 's birthday because he loves basketball and we wanted to share the experience of watching this great basketball movie with him . Although it was a brand new dvd , it skipped and froze up several times and the sound quality was terrible . I do n't know if this was some kind of bootleg , but I wo n't watch this dvd version of Hoosiers again .
 This Blu-ray transfer is just awful for such a great film . The colors are all washed out and the color contrasts are no different than what I would see on DVD . It actually looks a bit worse as you can see all sorts of color problems in the darker locker room scenes . If anything , the high definition blu ray actually accentuates how poor the transfer is ! I would almost think that I 'm watching an old VHS tape .
 DVD is viewable , but is a home made copy the should not be allowed to be sold on amazon . I was very disapointed !!!!!!!!! AND IT IS ILLEGAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 WHO TO BELIEVE?Hoosiers -LCB- Blu-Ray Version -RCB- , April 18 , 2008By Sam - See all my reviewsGREAT SPORTS MOVIE ! INSTEAD OF REVIEWING MOVIE , WHICH WE ALL KNOW IS A GREAT SPORTS MOVIE , JUST WANTED TO SAY THE BLU-RAY PICTURE IS A HUGE IMPROVEMENT OVER MY OLD DVD . I 'M ONLY REPLACING MY OLD MOVIES THAT I LOVE BUT LOOK BAD ON MY NEW HDTV . WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE PICTURE QUALITY ON THIS . THE ONLY DRAWBACK TO THIS BLU-RAY IS THERE ARE N'T ANY EXTRAS EXCEPT FOR A TRAILER . BUT IF YOUR LOOKING FOR BETTER PICTURE QUALITY , YOU WO N'T BE DISSAPOINTED.Hoosiers good movie but not enough. , May 6 , 2007By J. J. Esquivel Becerra `` Charolin '' -LRB- Mexico City -RRB- - See all my reviewsIt 's a good movie but a poor transfer to Bluray .
 I found this movie utterly predictable and Dennis Hopper 's performance as the town drunk only tolerable . Gene Hackman is the new high school basketball coach in basketball crazy Hickory , Indiana in 1951 . He is a man with a past , although it is not as dark as it initially appears . Hopper plays Shooter , the town drunk whose son is on the seven man team . Despite his sodden brain , Shooter has a superb understanding of the game and Hackman selects him to be his assistant coach . You know immediately that Shooter is going to sober up and become a real coach . The scenes where Hackman is thrown out of the game and Shooter must take over are forced and unrealistic ; Hopper is unconvincing as a person stressed out over the combination of alcohol withdrawal and having to take charge.Even the scene when Hackman is attending a town meeting where the purpose is to decide whether he should be fired lacks a great deal of tension . It is not out of the apparent politeness of the townspeople , there is a lack of passion among all participants . This is supposed to be a town passionate about basketball and a coach passionate about the game.I was bored throughout the entire movie and struggled to watch it through to the end .
 I recently watched Hoosiers for the first time , which is somewhat surprising since I 'm such a big Gene Hackman fan . Unfortunately , even the venerable Mr. Hackman was no match for the colossal awfulness of Jerry Goldsmith 's soundtrack for this movie . What the hell were the producers thinking ? Nearly every scene is musically manhandled , telegraphing to audience which of two things they should be feeling
 Years ago , in one of the first `` Playbill '' magazines I ever read , there was an account of someone who saw `` Babes in Arms '' on Broadway . The author praised its wonderful Rodgers and Hart score , songs I had never heard of then , but later came to know quite well
 I bought `` Shine '' and found that the sound was inaudibly small with maximum volume control . So I complained and got a new copy which turned out to be the same.For this dvd of a story of a mentally unstable genius pianist the sound is the most crucial but it failed.I advise you that you should have checked the quality of sound before you put on this item for sale .
 Shine is an good movie in some sense with obviously some touching moments . But the biggest problem is the potrayal of the pianist is not true . So even though the movie based on real life character but for most part especially the pianist talent is overrated or exagerated in the movie . I 've seen the way he 's playing in real life concert and it 's so dissapointing . It 's like watching a freak show . You expected a great pianist . But you saw an average talented pianist who happened to have some pshycological problem because of his childhood experiences . That makes me dissapointed with the movie .
 No . This film is not a triumph of the human spirit against adversity . Emotionally disturbed father does bad job of raising schizoid son with music talent . The end . You could `` enjoy '' the same character development by hanging out in an inner city bus terminal late at night and striking up a conversation with the people who approach you for spare change . So what was good ? Several truly beautiful performances of Rachmaninov 's compositions .
 Did not watch all of it ... Very poor sound-mix qualityStory-line was abusive , which I do not care forI give all of my DVDs to the local library once I am done with them
 This DVD has TERRIBLE packaging . Once you have opened the DVD case by breaking the plastic seal , it will never close properly again . I did n't do anything wrong - you 're supposed to break the plastic seals - but it 's just terrible!Scroll down to the ` Snapper ' type case : http://www.andreas-lenz.de/dvd/casetypes/index.php
 My father and I loved the movie `` Shine '' ; it should never have been advertised or presented as a true story of an actual person or his family . After reading David 's sister , Margaret 's , book on their family and David 's mental illness , I will never be able to view `` Shine '' in the same way . I believe Hollywood should have ethical boundaries in terms of what they portray as true or as a biography when the fictionalized account defames living people and misrepresents actual people and severe mental illness . I recommend people read the book Out of Tune to correct misconceptions about real people portrayed in this film . The cast for this film was first-rate and it would have been a boxoffice hit without stating that it was true or an actual biopic ; without it tied to actual people in this distorted way I would have rated the movie 5 stars . Bravo to all the people attempting to set the record straight !
 Too slow , not much going on . I could n't even finish it . There was no character study , no plot that I could see , nothing . I kept waiting for something to happen or for something to mean something or to see if there was any direction in it . Maybe it was just me , but I do n't get it .
 I have mixed feelings about this film . On one hand , it has a good storyline , good acting ... . but it is far from a reflection of reality . David Helfgott never actually triumphs or `` shines '' . His public performances , classical recordings of Rachmaninov with RCA Victor are absolutely pathetic . The real man ca n't play the piano anymore and it is sad to see how a man who does n't even know what is going on has been put on the stage and dressed up like a clown , manipulated by his wife Gillian -LRB- read the biography `` love you to bits and pieces '' -RRB- and commercial endeavours . It 's all marketing stuff when you start to explore what Helfgott is really like . And it just shows how ignorant the public is when they think that David Helfgott is the best pianist alive ... . there are more pianists out there who live less extraordinary lives and they just lack the opportunity to make the `` giant leap '' . And `` Rach 3 '' ... Rachmaninov 's third piano concerto , is indeed technically extremely difficult , but millions of pianists have to embark on it at some point in their musical education anyway.I can only suggest , therefore , is that one should watch this film as if it is not based on a true story ... it 's all fictional , then you 'll focus on the film itself and enjoy it fully rather than worrying about the real Helfgott . And try to get hold of some excellent recordings of Rachmaninov 's 3rd piano concerto by Vladimir Ashkenazy , Byron Janis , Martha Argerich ... . and not to presuaded by all the advertising and marketing rubbish to buy any Helfgott merchandise . I am not blaming David the poor chap , but just expressing my disgust about how commercial interest can attempt to twist reality .
 the dvd did not play on a dvd player . It had a restriction on the ability to play . it really SUCKED ,
 Blu-Ray should ALWAYS BE 1080P It is very disappointing when it is not . This is reflected in the image quality as well . Audio is not even remastered for surround and is in 1 Channel MONO . I ca n't believe they would even release this on Blu-ray this way as it is seemingly no better than standard DVD or even VHS ! I am very disappointed in the product . The movie is a great 80 's Flick but I just wish that they had taken a little more care and time to release it the right way ... . Do not buy if only upgrading from a previous medium . If you have not previously owned this title then it is , unfortunately , still the best way to go.Girls Just Want to Have Fun -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 In the name of all that is holy , never have I ever seen anything worse than this show . Even the presence of the radiant and stunningly talented Helen Hunt could improve this picture . Next time you see this movie on a shelf somewhere , do the world a favor and send it back to the depths of hell from whence it came . If a hobo tries to give it to you , have him arrested on assault and battery . This movie is a travesty of a waste of atomic particles , which could be better spent on 42 cochroaches . Does this make sense ? Not really . Is it true ? Every word . Narf .
 I was amazed how bad this movie was . I saw it when it was in theaters . And I did n't like looking at the horsey-faced Sarah Jessica Parker . That she became a star amazed me , and still amazes me .
 Just to clarify - I LOVE 80s movies , and have a pretty decent collection of DVDs representing the era . I got this movie since I have n't seen it before , and I liked main actors in it . But whoever directed this piece did a horrible job , acting is below even one star - I could n't believe that the same actors - Helen Hunt , Sara Jessica Parker and Shannen Doherty did such good jobs on TV and in movies later in their careers . Sarah Jessica looked like she was trying waaaaay to hard , and Helen Hunt and Shannen Doherty were just ... horrible . As far as the script goes ... well , it was just empty . Somebody compared this movie to a Center Stage - well , I would n't , since there is no good choreography here at all - absolutely NOTHING to look at and enjoy . I got rid of this DVD the very next day after I watched it ... Do n't waste your time .
 I am really dissappointed with Amazon . This product was meant to be delivered to me on the 19 March 2008 . To date it has not been delivered , i have paid for it . I have tried to contact Amazon customer services to no avail . I will never purchase anything from the amazon website again .
 this is one bad movie . It 's simply horrible . Even the dancing ca n't be saved . Oh wee a terrible movie . Girls just wan na good movie and this one is n't it .
 Beware!I bough the film in blu ray format edited by Twilight Time at a rather hefty price . Unfortunately it does not play . the menu shows up but I can not activate the start bouton on my all zones LG blu ray player . I own more than 500 blu rays old and new , all playing well , so I do not think its a software update issue , but rather a production defect . Has someone else experienced the same?The Roots of Heaven -LRB- 1958 -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 John Huston -LRB- Dir -RRB- once said , The toughest films to make sometimes turn out the worst , like Roots Of Heaven.He was so right.Errol Flynn gets top billing -LRB- Dont go get a cup of coffee or you might miss him . -RRB- A bad film with a great cast that went to waste.Trevor Hoeard -LRB- William Holden was the first pick , but thankfully , he was not avaiable -RRB- , Eddie Albert , Orson Welles , Paul Lucas , Juliette Grego , etcId pass on this one.Errol made one last film after this.Cuban Rebel Girls . -LRB- Bad as bad can be . -RRB- Two sad farewells to a great actor that made many screen classics .
 To say I was disappointed would be an understatement . I was expecting a little more in-depth discussion / . To me this seemed more like an infomercial . It does have some good information just not what I was expecting
 Poor graphics , taped radio broadcast , what was this production company thinking?In this day and age there are better graphics and audio editors available to make this a better programme , unfortunately I found out after I downloaded this poor excuse of an movie !
 This movie would be a decent one if you could watch it for free on the internet , but is absolutely not something to sell for money . Just some pictures , some music , and narration . No facts , no science , no footage . Very bad .
 I have great respect for Patrick Heron but this was a waste of 10.00 . As Charles Stump said it 's poor graphics and to use a radio tape on a DVD was ridiculous . If I had it to do over I would not have bought such a poor quality production.R . Fischer
 You know , I am sick of all of these so called `` scientists '' who make sensationalist claims with no evidence and expect us to believe it . This documentary is full of so much speculation and garbage that is passed off as fact , it makes me sick . Do n't bother with this video ; it is worthless ; absolutely worthless . `` We really did n't know anything about our universe until about the late 40 's . '' What ?! These people have no clue of the history of astronomy at all !
 I was extremely unhappy with this film . Speed-searching did n't even help . Do n't waste your time .
 For its tedious pacing , this butchered H.P. Lovecraft story might have been watchable if the actors could act or speak .
 This is a very boring attempt to film Lovecraft hampered by a low budget and terrible actors.Fans of Lovecraft will not recognise his work ... much of the memorable imagery of the original story The Color From Space has been discarded because the director was n't able to realise it . There are a ridiculous number of dream sequences to try to enliven this script but after a while this becomes irritating . There is a lot of religious imagery and a little bit of sex that have nothing to do with HP Lovecraft and do n't add anything to the film.For some random reason this is set in Italy which means that some nice scenery is ruined by having bad actors stand in front of it .
 This is a horrible film . I expect Lovecraft 's work to be modified when translated to the screen , but there was very little left of his original idea in this film . This film is slow , boring , monotonous , and predictable . It was so bad I found myself apologizing to a friend who watched it with me . Very disappointing . By the end , I wanted the characters to die .
 First let me begin by mentioning that the film title was obviously changed because they could n't figure out how to get a meteor to crash onto the property . Next is the cast , an American , a Scotsman , an English woman , and one lone Italian living in Italy . Kind of an odd array of characters , but I wo n't blame then too much considering the material they had to work with . Gone are the grey `` brittle cattle '' , the diseased pigs , chickens ... . dogs that gave such an eerie tone to the story . The cinematography was not stunning to me , but adequate . The night scenes horribly front lit . In general , a pretty boring movie with the exception of the bloodletting , which did n't belong there anyway!The story had so little to do with H.P. Lovecraft 's story it was n't even funny . And the sex scenes ? ... sure maybe any movie but a Lovecraft vehicle ... H.P. Never wrote sex scenes in any of his work . I am so sorry I actually bought this movie ... and watched it ! You want to see a close version of an H.P. Lovecraft story ? I highly recommend `` Dagon '' ... it has it 's faults BUT is VERY close to the source material , great suspense , creatures , makeup FX , locations , sense of dread , etc. . I visited H.P. Lovecraft 's grave ... . He was actually spinning in it.To the reviewers that praised this film ... . did we watch the same film ?? ... what movies do you consider `` Brilliant Masterpieces '' ???? ... . Have you ever actually read any Lovecraft ? I 'm guessing ... no .
 If you want a good movie based on `` The Colour Out Of Space '' by H.P. Lovecraft , look no further than `` Die Farbe '' - that is a masterful film which is fairly true to the original story and remains true to Lovecraft 's Mythos throughout . This is a wretched little film . It is void of Lovecraft 's mythos .
 I 'm sorry for all of you who absolutely have a strong affection and tenderness to horror-fantasy writer H.P. Lovecraft . Director Ivan Zuccon 's Colour from the Dark -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was horrible , very dull , tedious and not frightening at all . This is probably one of the worst movies based on a H.P. Lovecraft story.Let me just say , this film is n't scary , it is n't entertaining and it is n't fantastical . The casting is wearisome , lacking in force , intensity , sharpness and the actors do not live up to their extravagant H.P. Lovecraft roles . Ivan Zuccon 's story goes on for too long with too little happening in the middle and has an ending you can see coming from a mile away.Debbie Rochon -LRB- as Lucia -RRB- expressing little or no sensibility , and non-acting , drags the whole movie down . So an hour and a half later , when I woke up , Pietro and Lucia were still on the isolated farm and this ugly Alice was walking around yelling . Ineffective visual F/X never reaches the heights of something fun like Boris Karloff 's H.P. Lovecraft , Die , Monster , Die ! -LRB- 1965 -RRB- . The dull camera video is below average for a b-movie . If you are looking for pure terror avoid it , or for a fun horror movie , Colour from the Dark is not what you are looking for either.I was really disappointed by this movie .
 This is a boring and very predictable movie ... the plot plods along slowly , reminding you of much better films.Its pretty obvious what is going to happen from early on but the director tries to distract from this by adding dream sequence after dream sequence ... this does n't work and is just annoying . There are n't many effects , which is wise because what there is look poor . Good acting might have still saved this but these people 's talent is n't up to much.I regret buying this . Not recommended .
 This lame excuse for a movie would make `` Dumb and Dumber '' look like Shakespeare in the Park - complete with the raunch , toilet humor , and sophmoric hi-jinx you 'd come to expect from a loser of this kind . Survived the first 45 minutes before giving it the Gong -LRB- & before the early stages of permanent brain damage of my own could occur -RRB- . Just a total waste of time , energy , money , and talent - if there was any . Save your money , or put it to better use by giving to your favorite charity !
 I have seen this movie three times -LRB- against my wishes -RRB- and it just kept getting worse and worse with each viewing . This movie completely , totally , utterly su ** s . The pathetic attempts at comedy work for the film 's first thirty seconds before becoming unbelievably boring and stupid . Not only are the jokes -LRB- if you can call them that -RRB- not funny , but they beat you over the head trying to make you laugh so hard when all you really want to do is burn the VCR -LRB- or DVD or whatever the hell you 're watching this on -RRB- . Trey Parker and Matt Stone should forget about acting ever again and stick with making construction paper swear , and watching Jenny McCarthy try to act is just about the only thing worth laughing at here . Seeing Ernest Borgnine and Robert Stack in a movie this crappy turns my stomach . I really ca n't say enough bad things about it , but if I have to sum it up , Baseketball f *** ing blows .
 It 's obvious by the multitude of five star reviews that people love this movie . For the life of me I can not figure out why . I really wanted to like this movie . I watched `` South Park
 South Park is fantastic . Orgazmo is a truly entertaining movie . Trey and Matt are obviously pretty smart and funny . But Baseketball is not really very good at all . In fact , it made me cringe often to see so many celebrity cameos that just fall completely flat . I 'm sure they tried very hard to make this work , but it just does n't . Watch Orgazmo instead .
 I was looking forward to seeing this film , when I did it was a disapointment . South Park is funny . You 'd think these guys would be AS funny . No . This film was like Airplane or Naked Gun , but not funny . I would n't buy it or rent it .
 This is a funny movie , however , the case for the DVD was in pretty bad shape . It was cheap so I guess I should n't complain .
 Move over Star Wars and make room for this fabulous and wicked movie , the two outragouse creaters of South Park have done it again and pulled out another comedy great . Only that one was actually funny and successful , and the other is a guarenteed qualifier for the WORST movie ever made in the history and the face of this rock we live on . Watch this movie and you 're automatically part of somthing special , the other end of the spectrum of what the movie industry has to offer .
 I laughed two times during this movie . . it starts off hilarious and then just gets dumb and dumber . South Park can be pretty funny . . why ca n't they translate that into live action?honestly this movie has two or three laughs in it and the rest totally bombs . There is nowit . Trey Parker and Matt Stone have some wit and know what 's edgy , but this movie is basically composed of jokes that will just make you roll your eyes . Do n't get me wrong I thought Souht Park Bigger Longer and Uncut was great ... but this . . this is a huge wasteof time and money . . I give it half a star . . Parker and Stone did n't even try
 South Park is funny because it shocks you . It does things that just make your eyes open wide and scream out `` Oh My Dear God !! '' Your only defence system is to laugh . I still remember the first time I saw poor defensless Kenny get decapitated and the look on my face . Baseketball just repulsed me where I had to turn my head in defence . I 'm not going to get into much detail , because I do not want to ruin any of the `` jokes '' , but they 're just bad and lacking any real wit that can be seen in South Park . Most of these jokes can be seen a mile away . There is the odd laugh -LRB- there was one or two where I was laughing hard I will admit -RRB- , but overall , it was a painful 2 hour -LRB- !!!! -RRB- experience . -- wcg
 It 's hard to believe these two imbeciles are the same guys who write Southpark . Everybody kept telling me this movie was hysterical , so naturally I rented it thinking it would be worth the money.To say the * least * , I was so disgusted with how saturatingly idiotic and boring this movie is , that I actually demanded a refund from Blockbuster -LRB- and told them the true reason as to why -RRB- . They of course did n't give me the refund , but oh well.I ca n't recall even a single moment during this movie where I laughed.The only part that amused me -LRB- very slightly , mind you -RRB- was when the guy got catapulted through the rafters of that building . Other than that , I 'd say this movie is a total disaster , and I 'm very surprised it was even allowed to be made with a script this ...
 The acting was horrible ! I do n't see how any young hooligan would ever want to see such a blasphemous `` movie ! '' If I made a movie I would make it a beautiful love story ! That 's the only kind of movie that should be made anyway ! - Miss Gardenheimer
 This movie is the worst comedy -LRB- if not worst movie of the decade -RRB- of 1998 . To the reviewers who say it is the best movie ever they must be under the influence of some substance or homosexual like the two actors who tried to pull in more money off their Southpark fame . Theatres that showed this movie should shut down and anyone bored enough to see it 8 times should seriously consider suicide .
 The movie was funny at times . The DVD is horrible . There is nothing `` extra '' about it . The VHS version has more `` extras '' than the DVD.Huh?Avoid this like the plague .
 I saw this when it came out , watched it once -- but not all the way through and then got rid of it . It was SO very tacky . It was very , very low budget . Poor acting . Ignorant.These guys need to stay behind the scenes and do South Park . Their over-the-edge humor and voices are more histerical than their acting.Stay away from this film . -LRB- gag -RRB- And watch South Park instead .
 ` BASEketball mocks the platitudes of the lachrymose , ` inspirational ' TV-movie-style sports film - suburban losers become champions ; defeat the evils of big business ; help sick children ; get the girl -LRB- s -RRB- - with lengthy , relentless and unfunny attempts at ` low ' humour , usually centring on the comedy of the body -LRB- fluids , size , vulnerability , decay etc. -RRB- . The ` joke ' , of course , is that sport , which -LRB- ideally , anyway -RRB- depends on a ruthless perfection of physical control , has been reconfigured for aging , indolent geeks who eat , drink and onanise too much , skimping on any exercise . The problem is that there are n't any jokes . Bad feel-good movies , sports corruption and the corporate devouring of ` alternative ' activities are the easiest of straw targets , but even these are missed by the scriptwriters and performers , who must therefore be even more inept than their doltish heroes . The ` stoopid ' humour is neither crass nor peurile nor actually FUNNY enough , the kind of lame cracks you might offer dazed friends after the drinks have run out . As a commentary on Parker and Stone 's own commerical selling-out -LRB- mentioned here , as if THAT will excuse it -RRB- , from purveyors of ` South Park '' s savage scatology to ... this , the film rings only too true .
 While there were a few key moments of humor , for the most part it felt like a whole lot of vulgarity and tired old cliches . I can only assume that if your sense of humor is geared towards Southpark or Airplane , then you 'd probably like this movie as other posters have said . I gave it a chance and it was a total letdown for me .
 I tried watching this movie ... twice ! I absolutely love South Park -LRB- written and voice overs by Parker & Stone -RRB- but this movie was incredibly stupid . Yes , it is vulgar like South Park but in a kinda forced way . You may enjoy it but I did n't .
 I enjoyed this movie , but it is not their best work . There is a lot of down time between jokes , but that is not Trey and Matt 's fault . They are excellent writers and actors . The first time I watched BASEketball , I had to rewind the `` Road Kill '' clip . I died laughing each time the announcer said , `` Road kill , caught on tape ! '' and you see all the animals hitting moving vehicles . Unfortunately , that was the funniest part of the whole movie . If you 're a Trey and Matt fan , go check out ORGAZMO ! It is definitely the best work by the two talented guys .
 Steven Balderson 's adaptation of the novel by the same name would be yet one more piece of indie picture dead wood were it not for the quality of its source material . For its production value at a budget of 300,000 it is quite good and will likely continue to accrue greater cult status as time passes . However it must be said that this film betrays and falls short of the promise of art made and delivered by Dr. Joseph Suglia 's novel.The single most glaring flaw was the selection of Matt Riddlehoover for the role of Jonathan Barrows . We take Jonathan Barrows at his word when describing the glory of Himself based on the reactions of others to him - he must fend off many , many sexual advances . Riddlehoover is sufficiently good looking for the world of this film , - convincingly desirable he is not . One is simply confused at the lustful advances of these people because his features do not and would not merit it . Not even from the cretins populating the town . Riddlehoover is Balderson 's Jonathan Barrows , and not Suglia 's . Riddlehoover 's vocal effeminancy utterly violates the Greek God physical perfection of Jonathan Barrows and is completely at odds with the source material . -LRB- Ryan Reynolds is likely the only good candidate for this role . Billy Ray Cyrus fits the former rockstar profile Suglia mentions in pre-2008 interviews , though he is aging . -RRB- Despite Dr. Suglia having his hands in the creation of the script , Director Balderson failed to translate his language into film in such a way as would indicate a nuanced and sympathetic understanding of the source novel . This film is Balderson 's best guess : - the film he made demonstrates neither adequate apprehension of - nor sufficient insight into what Suglia penned , and what he arranged for him.Director Steve Balderson 's slaphappy approximation of Watch Out will be amusing and adequate for most , especially those who do not read . All pretense to charity aside , it is an unfortunate vulgarization of genius . Then again , just as Suglia said `` F *** the reader . '' so said Balderson shortly thereafter `` F *** the viewer . '' The message of this review in two words
 Very badly done written and acted . Nothing fits together . Matt Riddlehoover should stick to doing porn . I would stay away from this and most all films he is in
 I earned a PhD from one of the top state universities , so I 'm not totally stupid . But , even after watching this movie TWICE -- once on Netflix and once on Amazon -- I still have no idea what it is about . Why did i watch it twice ? Because Matthew Riddlehoover Is stunning and prancing naked through much of the film . I can tell you in excruciating detail what happens scene-by-scene , but I can not for the life of me tell you what it all means . The first portion of the film is some sort of satire or parody I suppose , but the second half departs from that theatre-of-the-absurd genre and becomes a sort of strange * maybe * commentary on megalomaniacs and psychopaths . Boring . The anti-hero is unlikeable , and portrayed in sneering malice by Mr. Riddehoover , who whether naked or clothed is beautiful . However , the budget for the film was apparently so small that the producers would not spring for an iron to press the wrinkles from Mr. Riddlehoover 's costumes , nor would they authorize the expense of tailoring his sportscoat/blazers to fit him in sleeve length . He 's an actor with some promise , and beauty to spare , but the material he has to work with here is , to say the least , weakly crafted .
 people keep making such crap films ? This is can be ranked as one of the WORST FILMS EVER -LRB- along such `` masterpieces '' as `` I want to get married '' , `` Hey happy '' or `` Denied '' -RRB- . Acting is so horrible that I had really made myself to watch this `` horror '' till the end titles ... Plot ? Even worse.There are some full nudity scenes in , but believe me , 90 % of blue movies is better than `` Watch out '' ! I have found a couple of positive reviews on Amazon.com , but I am really puzzled reading them . How anyone could find this drag thing attractive?I wish I could give big zero * . You have been warned !
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Bad writing . Bad acting . Bad plot . I can not understand any of the good reviews . Save your money and your time .
 The only thing that saved this boring B movie was Matt Riddlehoover 's cuteness . The script was bad , the acting was bad , but Matt is oh so cute . That 's all that this movie is worth is to see Matt . Should 've been ` more ' of him to see , though , to make up for the dumbness of the movie .
 Not only is the central character in this terrible film self-absorbed and self-indulgent , so is the film itself ! This silly little diddy relies far too much on narration to make its rather inane point . The script is abyssmal and the actors are mediocre . The film has the look of a slightly more polished , but certainly not more entertaining , Troma film -LRB- the makers of `` Toxic Avenger '' and other cult favorites -RRB- . But it possesses none of the skill Troma is known for in telling campy stories . I wish I had n't wasted money buying this nonsense .
 If you 're in the mood for a film arranged around the relentless , overenunciated narration of a surpassingly bland main character , `` Watch Out '' is the film for you . I beg everyone else looking for the kind of shocks and outrageousness behind this film 's advertising campaign not to make the mistake I did -- put on a blindfold and pick out anything by Russ Meyer , Herschell Gordon Lewis or Guy Maddin and count your blessings .
 An-ill prepared amateur pilot flys with a bunch of wackos . The result is predictable except for the supernatural twist -LRB- a hairy octopus flying in the air and supposedly causing trouble with the weather !? -RRB- . Boring .
 As one of other reviewers very cleverly noticed , this little film could be easily mistaken for a slightly overextended episode of `` Outer Limits '' . Five young people board a little plane to go on holidays . The girl who pilots , Sara -LRB- Jessica Lowndes -RRB- , just got her licence and therefore she is quite happy that it will be a short flight and the weather is expected to be very good . But soon after the take off , troubles begin , with the plane getting out of control and flying very high , into an unexpected stormy weather . And then REAL problems begin ... The story seems really like one of those described in `` Outer Limits '' series and even if at one moment things begin to look a little bit silly , ultimately everything is very cleverly explained and the solution is not stupid at all . There are some really scary moments and the dark storm cloud in which most of action takes place gives to this film a unique -LRB- and quite opressive -RRB- atmosphere . Last but not least , Jessica Lowndes is a very attractive young lady and she plays quite well.The bad thing are the dialogs - they are really really poor . Other than Sara the `` heroes '' are rather pathetic and they act mostly stupidly . There is not much humor and many developments -LRB- not all -RRB- are quite predictable . And this film is definitely too long - cutting it down to 70 minutes would be a very good thing.All in all to my personal taste this is a little horror/SF film , not too bad , not very good , to see once . And I would rent it rather than buy , as it may be hard to sell later .
 The main character -LRB- Lowdnes -RRB- can be praised for her efforts in this movie . Not only is she the only person in this movie who makes sense , but she is also the only one who is n't a whiny high schooler.I 'm sure the other actors are just playing the script , but they were so annoying that I had to resist the urge to throttle the tv , and slap some sense into their heads.I only paid $ 2.00 for this movie . I only paid that because of the monster I saw in the previews . I really need to stop watching any movies that begins with the sypnosis of
 Great storyline ... possibilities ... hopes ... but this one FAILS . A horrible script...so-so acting ... drawn out scenes ... and horrible special effects makes this a total bomb . It remined me of a Twilight Zone TV episode ... only 90-minutes too long . It could have been accomplished in 30 minutes -LRB- with commercials -RRB- . This one stinks . Rent it ... do n't buy it . You wo n't want to watch it more than once ... then again , you may not finish watching it the first time . It is one of the slowest thrillers I 've ever seen . Odds are you 'll never see these actors or actresses in a quality film . And that 's good . The over-reactive cast and dialogue was laughable . How can you spend 90 minutes on a plane that is destined to crash talking about relationships , jealousies and teenybopper diatribe ? AVOID ! Even if it comes on TV free of charge ... AVOID ! Watch an old episode of the Twilight Zone instead .
 The cover deceives you into thinking the movie is more than it actually is . Not scary . I want to be scared out of my wits when I watch a so called scary movie . Young people go up in a small plane with their friend who just got her pilots license who is totally useless when things start to go wrong . The friends are stupid for going on this little trip . No one put a gun to their heads . And the ending did n't make much sense -LRB- to me anyway -RRB- . I wish I would have rented it , I would not have bought it .
 I loved the whole plot of a malfunction causes a pain to increase in height with the passengers loosing their minds , but the whole supernatural aspect was what ruined the movie.The acting wasnt that all bad but the plot really got bizare ... in a bad way with the last 30 minutes left . The ending was predictable . I was thinking that was the case 20 minutes into the movie ... at the latest.They should have removed the crappy supernatural aspect and kept the plot simple and this movie would have been good.Skip this movie.Pros : - Plot first hour-Acting not that badCons : - Plot for the last half hour-The twist ending ... was so predictable
 It 's hard to write a review on this film without it turning into a complete spoiler . Mainly because there is so little in it to give away.In a nutshell
 `` Eject '' is becoming the most used button on my remote control , especially with films such as `` Altitude . '' Save your money for something more substantial .
 Payed money for a DVD case . Was no DVD included in case . Wished they could send me the DVD Instead of me having to deal with returning and repackage the package .
 THIS MOVIE WAS GOOD FROM THE START ONCE IT ENDED IT SUCKEDTHE ENDING MESSED UP THE WHOLE MOVIE AND THEY COULD OF HAD SHOW THE MONSTER MOREAND HAVE A BETTER ENDING !
 What a waste of time and money if you must watch it go rent it I would n't pay to see it again really stunk !
 I guess I would have enjoyed ALTITUDE a lot more if
 The green screen 270-degree sheet that surrounds most of the plane gives us some good CGI of the storm outside . The filmmakers outsourced the CGI to China , but it 's a shame they also did n't outsource the script , direction , and acting as well.The film 's fails on most levels , but a production begins and ends with a strong script , and this film simply did n't have it . Characters have to be likeable in order for us to care about their fate , and these 5 are very often cartoonishly obnoxious . I did n't care that their lives were in danger . In fact , I could n't wait for them to be killed off.There are some films that are so bad , they 're good . This one is n't . It 's so bad , it 's bad . Even clocking in at 82 minutes before the long 8 minute closing credit sequence , it feels long and ponderous in most places.Not even worth a rental .
 Five young adults charter an airplane for a getaway weekend . Sara pilots the plane which includes one other woman and three boys with testosterone problems who vie for her attention by putting each other down . The movie consists of a lot of blue hue scenes and facial close-ups . The `` monster '' in the movie was apparently created by the Pastafarians who wanted to introduce their god , the `` Flying Spaghetti Monster . '' The characters were bad and unlikable . Most of the movie consists of bickering among the people in the airplane . While the five of them are in the plane , they ascend into storm clouds and are unable to escape the clouds which are the domain of the multi-tentacle monster you see on the cover . I thought the ending of the movie made the movie Twilight Zone-like , however the poor execution of the plot leading up to it , the inability to use the twist cleverly in the story , and the otherwise lousy scenes made the movie a stinker . It would have made a good 30 minute Creep Show episode . If facial close-ups of Jessica Lowndes is what turns you on , then by all means get this movie . -LRB- Worse than `` Frozen '' ! -RRB- The movie is rated R for language -LRB- rare f-bomb -RRB- and a `` sexual gesture . '' That sexual gesture is one of the males pretending to be self-stroking a long shaft , which makes a statement about this movie .
 There 's a movie logic one has to follow when you go into films - the creators establishes ` this fact ' and ` that fact ' . And once established , as filmmakers , that 's your guidebook . Regardless how monstrously ridiculous your story -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- you have to follow your own guide.So when you accept a floating monster hiding in a storm cloud - that 's your logic - you work the script from within that logic . What you do n't do is create any number of illogical character inconsistencies to facilitate ... nothing . There 's no purpose to a solid one-third of what 's seen in the film , pointless and truly misdirected character conflicts.False drama is possibly one of the worst sins you can commit when scripting a film . Superimposing contrived energy when none should exist - thus breaking the guidebook - just to bunny-hump dramatic tension is a movie crime.The fault lies with the director , Kaare Andrews , who clearly did n't or could n't envision his own end product . What 's called for is a gradual build-up toward a tension-filled climax , not filling every single minute of the film with melodrama . Seriously , this would be the movie equivalent of having every passenger screaming their heads off five minutes after boarding theTitanic - days before it hit the iceberg . ` Altitude ' is , at its core , a Twilight Zone episode , with an obvious nod to William Gaine ` sEC Comics . Tighter direction and this might 've worked.Still , I hope that Director Andrews -LRB- who I later learned comes from the world of comic books -RRB- learns from his experience and moves on to other film projects - he has the requisite skills.A much better flick utilizing a similar set-up
 Okay . Just skip it . I plan on spoiling the movie for you . Just trust me when I say it will be even more spoiled for you if you watch it on your own . I enjoyed laughing at this flick even though everything was spoiled for me . Hell , the movie poster spoiled the movie for everyone ! I 'll just leave the very end a disappointing mystery for your own viewing disapproval . The effects are too bad for theaters but feel just about right for the sci-fi network , if that good.Five friends -- Sara -LRB- Jessica Lowndes ; The Devil 's Carnival , The Haunting of Molly Hartley -RRB- , Mel -LRB- Julianna Guill ; the Friday the 13th remake , The Apparition -RRB- , Cory -LRB- Ryan Donowho -RRB- , Bruce -LRB- Landon Liboiron ; The Howling
 I think most people who have seen this movie agree that it will not win any awards . It is n't very memorable except for the characters being obnoxious and annoying . Thus , it 's not very likely I 'd recommend it to anyone ... over the age of 12 . Then again , if you have a group of 5 + people with nothing to do and ` naked twister ' is not an option , play this movie and grab your alcoholic beverage of choice . Trust me , it 'll make the experience that much better if you think of it as something kitschy , like your neighbor 's Pomeranian in haute couture.Bottom line
 An intriguing premise crash lands with a tremendous thud . Is ALTITUDE a horror movie ? A disaster movie ? A sci-fi/Fantasy ? All of the above ? Possibly , but it 's too disjointed to succeed on any of these levels.It becomes tedious with annoying/unlikeable characters trapped in a plane . The CGI is subpar and leading actress Jessica Lowndes -LRB- 90210 -RRB- overdoes it pitifully . The cop out ending is the final bomb . A good idea gone awry .
 This is an hour and a half of my life I can never get back . There was a guy sitting around smoking weed one day in his apartment and had a `` great idea '' for a film . Through a series of unfortunate events he was able to not only find people to be in such an abortion but also the money to film it . The actor 's greatest acting acomplishment was convincing someone they could act to score a role in this . If I could watch glitter in place of the time that I took out of my life to view this , I would do so . twice .
 Is there really much to say about this movie , besides that it sucks major ### ? I liked only 1 actor . Graphix were good from time to time . But what the hell with the guy who 's fears turned into reality , huge monster floating in the air that look like octopus . I also wonder how no one freezed to death while constantly opening the door in the plane while flying ? Only half of this movie literally was wasted on dialog of those friggin ### hole teens .
 I was disappointed overall - but I have to give Shane Free props for pursuing what interests him and filming it . I like his passion and enthusiam - but nothing on this DVD made me jump or squirm or feel weird - ever.So - pretty dull even though I 'm interested in the paranormal . I just did n't get into it personally - sounds like a lot of folks on here loved it . So watch it and see what you think : -RRB-
 This guy 's name is Shane Free . Shane thinks he is a paranormal investigator . Do n't we all ? Shane traveled to Gettysburg to the Cashtown Inn , the Queen Mary in California , and Ohio 's Prospect Place - all places that have been investigated before on television more times than I care to mention . I 'm not sure why Shane Free bothered to make a DVD of his excursions . To show the world that he is not too bright , perhaps ? Shane believes in orbs , and he showed many cringe worthy shots of dust particles that he swears are orbs and spirits . In fact , one small `` orb '' is in front of the faces of two investigators in one shot , and as they enlarge the footage , you can see that this orb miraculously has little legs making jerky little motions . Shane Free can not tell a spider from an orb - or excuse me - dust particle . That 's really embarrassing . And guess what else ? Shane bought a Ouija board just for his trip to Prospect Place , even though we are warned again and again and AGAIN that you should never EVER use a Ouija board during an investigation . It is inviting trouble that you do n't want and it is stupid . And dangerous . And did I mention ` stupid ' ? But this is not all ! Shane makes sure that the Ouija board that he buys is haunted . Yeah , let 's not only use a Ouija board that can invoke seriously nasty evil spirits that will follow you home and to the Dairy Queen and anywhere you go , but let 's make sure that it is already certified ` dangerous ' as it comes with a guarantee that it is haunted.Shane opens the package when he receives it and , because he is apparently a seasoned paranormal investigator , throws the enclosed package of sea salt he is supposed to spread around when he is using this board , to the floor . Gosh , now he is ` careless ' and stupid . So on to Prospect Place , where he and two other suckers balance this board on their knees and have a session with it . What do you know ? That little thing is really moving around that board and eventually goes off the board . And while one second Shane is beaming , self-satisfied , that he got a response from his haunted Ouija board , in the next second he is whipping this same board up into the air because he suddenly flew off his chair like someone lit a match under his butt . Apparently , something touched him on the back of the neck and he nearly did a number two in his pants . Suddenly I am beaming , self-satisfied , that Shane got a taste of why you should never EVER use a Ouija board on an investigation.Nothing Shane Free got as ` evidence ' was trustworthy or exciting . It seems anyone can make a DVD nowadays and call themselves a paranormal investigator . Look , if you do , at least act responsibly and do n't be stupid , and if you are stupid , certainly do n't film it and then put it on a DVD to sell to the world to show them just how stupid you really are . Take up cooking instead and use the haunted Ouija board to chop carrots on . And stop taking our money for this nonsense . Please ?
 I did not even finish this one , it could not hold my interest , and I was surprised that it was reviewed well .
 I do n't care for the creator of this film , he seems kind of off-putting and it makes me weary to trust some of his findings . The fact that he snuck the Ouija bored into the hotel room and did n't respect the owners beliefs and rules about having it in the inn bothered me a lot . That being said , he seems almost like a kid in a candy shop , and he seems eager enough to ignore the inn keeper 's rules in order to capture evidence , and so a part of me thinks he would n't make anything up for that reason . He is am amateur though , and a lot of his evidence reflects that . Its a cheap film , and if you 're bored I would suggest renting it , but I would n't look too much into it ... after all , there is a reason why Ghost Hunters rejected him .
 As an avowed fan of the paranormal , I found `` Investigating the Afterlife '' a bit dull and predictable . Not much different from what is shown on TV 's documentaries of the paranormal . Mysterious noises , footsteps , doors that open or close on their own , unexplained lights and shadows showing up in pictures , etc. , etc. . For me , the DVD did not show anything new of what is already being featured on this documentaries . Admittedly a waste of money .
 Beautiful scenery and certainly a topic of our interest . Tourist vacation souvenir aptly describes this DVD . The narration fails a professional standard ; text clearly read with occasional lapses of grammar with a voice sounding much like a teenager rather than one of a well-modulated professional . The package of picture and narration disappoints although the pictures are interesting . At the end of the DVD my guests were more happy that it was over than excited by the act of having seen something beautiful . A bit amateurish was one comment I received .
 Most of the reviews of this DVD are positive so all I can say is buy with care . The quality of the images is only fair , though the subject matter is wonderful . There is much repetition , particularly in the humped back whale section . The narrator sounds like he/she is reading from a prepared script without much preparation . As one reviewer put it - `` it sounds amateurish '' . You may want to look at DVDs made by the National Geographic Society or Alaska Geographic as well as others available from Amazon .
 Absolutely the WORST video I 've ever seen ! It should not be sold on Amazon as I 've bought countless DVD 's from this site . We have a HD projector with a 92 '' screen and the quality of this video is horrendous ! The color was gray , out of focus and worse than the VHS tapes we had transferred to DVD . I was so frustrated with this video both for the picture quality and the narration that it was turned off before it was 1/3rd seen . We have some beautiful DVD 's both Blue Ray and HD which present Alaska in it 's best form . Nothing I 've ever seen was as discusting as this DVD . I 'm sure it is n't even the lowest resolution for HD . It should be dumped in the nearest trash can.I would n't want anyone to think that the beautiful state of Alaska looks like this DVD . We lived in South Central as well as South Eastern , have taken the state ferry through the inside passage and the scenery is unsurpassed . Too bad this DVD was ever made as it is an insult to our most beautiful state . I STRONGLY recommend that you delete it from your inventory!Bonnie Loberg
 Everything Little bear wrote reflect my reaction to this video . I could n't have said it any better . Waste of time and money . I would return it , but since I would only get half my money back , I will keep it for my 8-12 year old grandchildren as it is at their level of intelligence .
 This video is worthless ! The information regarding the vidio is maybe ok but it does not tell you any locations & the video quality is antequated . I would not recomend buying this at all . Save your money & time & buy a book.Nick
 To me this is a waste of time more on the level for kids and I would not recommend this DVD !!!
 The special effects were pretty good . The acting was over the top and the characters were unappealing . Listening to the silly dialogue was difficult.The first astronauts reach Mars and find it inhabited by arrogant and superstitious goths who look like us and speak English . It would have played better as a parody of the old space operas . Several die in quite gross ways , like eyes popping out and heads exploding ! A Mars vamp wants a murderous earthman to take her husband out of the picture . The commander is a bit of a psycho ! She does the customary dance and strip-tease seduction . He wants the secret of their energy source to take back to the corporation for which he works on earth . -LRB- Yes , it is another one of those movies which stresses how bad corporations are , especially those wanting to make a profit . -RRB- One of the actors and some of the sets and props look like leftovers from a television Stargate episode . There is a further similarity in the presence of highly advanced technology while the people themselves seem primative , like something out of an old gladiator film . They discover that the warrior class are proposing an invasion of earth . Their priests suggest cooperation instead . Not wanting to spoil things further , you would have to watch the rest for yourself ... if you really have to do so .
 Luckily , we rented this from our Library so it did n't cost us anything but the wasted time in watching . This thing is truly scary ! It is actually shocking how lame it is . My wife could n't take it after just 10 minutes and stopped watching . My 11 year old and I sort of zipped through the rest of it . The film has only ONE moment that is even worth watching as they do catch an unusual `` orb '' that is not a typical example that lasts for about 3 seconds . EVERYTHING else is complete rubbish . From the start we see that the motivation for this documentary is an eerie feeling and a curtain that is wrapped so that it vaguely resembles a screaming head from a distance during the shooting of a scene for another movie . They then show later the curtain is now untied and looks normal with no explanations or guarantees that no one was upstairs . Should have known just how flimsy the documentary would be from that I guess ! SERIOUSLY , this film is crud on ice ! During review of some evidence they also pronounce something `` unexplainable '' instead of the MUCH more accurate unexplained .
 I do n't even know what I watched ... how did anyone get funding to make and produce garbage like this , and why would AMAZON choose to carry it -LRB- do they screen these things first ? -RRB- .
 Very disappointed . A complete waste of time could not finish watching . It hard sometime to write a review . I am a great Indyfan but not this one .
 Biohunter is pretty much stock anime . Its not boring , but it is predictable . The animation is okay in a 1980 's kind of way . If you like cutting edge anime dont watch this , but if youre looking for a bit of rental fun and do n't expect too much this would be just fine . Thanks for your time .
 this movie had to many twist and turns and hard to fallow alot of the time you was wondering what is going on
 At the end of this awful movie I was begging for the two hours back . Figured out the hidden meanings and plot in about 15 seconds . A real stink of a movie . The investers in this must still be hoping to recoup their $ 18 ! Oh , a worse movie has yet to cross my path .
 This movie sucks beyond belief . Do n't waste your money.You have no idea what 's going on until the end of the movie ... when you do find out what 's going on , it 's so dumb and pointless , you 'll want to get back the hour and a half you just wasted .
 I first saw this movie many years ago on late night television . It looks like it was done on a much more modest budget than any of the Blake Edwards films . Despite the Clouseau character , this is n't nearly as madcap as it should have been , and often comes across as a made-for-TV 60s comedy . Alan Arkin 's done much better work than this and to his credit does his best to make the character his own rather than an impersonation . Die-hard fans of the series will probably want to see this movie for the sake of completeness . But without Peter Sellers , Blake Edwards and Henry Mancini is there any reason to have a Pink Panther movie ?
 No good ... as bad as the Curse of the Pink Panther ... . unwatchable!Frankly there is only one Peter Sellers and no doubles can compare just as there is only one Herbert Lom without whom there is no Pink Panther either ! If you are a fan get the S.Martin remake , it is rather good and Dryfus is well defined . But do SKIP this one !
 This is brutal . Arkin is terrible as the Chief Inspector . Clouseau is inept as a detective , but unfortunately Arkin is more inept than Clouseau in this .
 I had not heard of this film until I found it in a bargin bin at one of my local DVD shops . For a few dollars I thought it might be worth a go , ... wrong ! This had to be one of the worst spinoffs that I have ever come across . It makes me wonder if the script writers and Arkin had even bothered to watch any of the other versions . Arkin comes across as an arrogant tot , not like the much beloved fumbling fool as we have come to know in other films . The language he uses it nothing like what we have come to expect from the inspector , and the accents are some of the worst on screen , and if not for the scenery of the day , it 's hard to find anything worth watching in this film . I had to fast forward to the end , just to see if there might be anything of interest . Unless you can find this for a dollar in a used ex-rental bin , do n't bother with it .
 I 'm a great fan of the Pink Panther series and a great fan of Alan Arkin . Some reviewers make much of the fact that Arkin does n't attempt to recreate Sellers character bringing his own take to the film . I , however , believe in not following the formula more closely than he did as created by Sellers in the first two movies , some of Clousseau is also lost . The opening segment of the Inspector disembarking the plane is about as close as the character gets to the one we know so well . Sure , there are flashes of humour throughout but at times you 're left questioning whether your watching a comedy or a drama . If you 're a die hard fan by all means purchase this for posterity but do n't expect it to see the light of day from the shelf too often if at all . As much as it tries to emulate it 's predecessors it never quite makes the grade .
 Despite the presence of screen great Alan Arkin in the title role , INSPECTOR CLOUSEAU mostly falls on its face . I think the problem with this movie is that the character of Clouseau was still in its infancy - leaving Arkin -LRB- and the writers -RRB- little to go on . There is no Chief Inspector Dreyfus . No Phantom . No Cato . No Pink Panther.It was n't until THE RETURN OF THE PINK PANTHER that Inspector Clouseau became a huge success . And that was because he became more of an overblown - but lovable - cartoonish character.I will have to admit that the musical score by Ken Thorne is one of the few highlights of the movie . His main title theme ranks amongst those of the immortal Henry Mancini.Interestingly enough , INSPECTOR CLOUSEAU is better than any of the Pink Panther movies which followed after Peter Seller 's passing .
 Hey , I like have a complete set of films in my collection for each franchise . So , this is part of the Pink Panther legacy and although Arkin tries , he 's no Peter Sellers and the plot is so weak that it collapses at the end and the movie finishes so fast you 'll think that that ran out of time .
 I overcame my reservations about this movie because , well , it has Alan Arkin . He 's funny , right?Well not in this thing , though you can tell that he 's trying , but he 's dealing with lousy direction , a horrible script , and he 's trying to play a character that has been definitively played by one of the comic geniuses of the century.The plot , as feeble as can be expected for the genre , would actually have some interesting potential if it could have exploited today 's digital technology . Imagine a dozen Clouseau 's bumping into each other as they all accidentally rob the same bank.I have n't seen the other Clouseau flicks recently enough to remember if they all were like this , but this G-rated flick had enough gay innuendo to almost consider that this was brilliantly hidden subversive material . Somehow , though , I doubt it .
 same as season 2 not something I really want on my computer . I can see how it could be addicting , not something I want to spend time on .
 This season of he L word is probably the worst written season thus far . The story arc is disjointed , the individual character storylines appear to not have anything to do with the previous season 's story arc and the camera work is pedantic . The music which was a standout element in season one and two is equally lackluster.If you are a fan of the show save your money , and if you are a new to the show invest in season one or two .
 Poor Stephen Baldwin . Poor Nicolette Sheridan . Poor viewer . LOST TREASURE features the ubiquitous Baldwin as a map cryptographer whose cop brother -LRB- Corey McLaughlin -RRB- stumbled upon a rare map in an art heist . Seems like millionaire Hannes Jaenicke had arranged for the theft of this map and he wants it back . Said map is supposed to be for the whereabouts of the lost treasure of Christopher Columbus at some place in the Panamanian region . Cop brother is kidnapped by Jaenicke , leading Baldwin on a chase to find the brother and the missing overlay of the map that will lead them to the fortune . Baldwin enlists the pilot services of tough , distracted Sheridan . Along for the ride
 This documentary had zero footage of Django performing . Lots of filler graphics not needed and was long and dull.Audio was good and it was informative , just could have been way shorter way better and GET some licensing for video footage instead of spinning and flashing the same photo 's . Not recommended .
 To say that I disliked `` For Better Or Worse '' would be an understatement ... a very large one . Perhaps it takes quite a talent to make a comedy this awful . Personally , I think everyone involved with this film should be ashamed.The worst offender in this movie would have to be Jason Alexander . Not only is he the main character but he directed this flop as well . It is painfully obvious that in nine years of `` Seinfeld '' he probably never once contributed any material to the show . He evidently does n't have a clue as to what is actually funny.Alexander plays a perpetual loser named Michael Makeshift . One day , his scummy brother Reggie -LRB- James Woods -RRB- shows up on Michael 's doorstep with his new bride Valerie -LRB- Lolita Davidovich -RRB- . She 's unconscious . Reggie asks his brother to look after her for a couple of days and then leaves . It turns out that Reggie has to meet up with a couple of goons , played by Jay Mohr and Joe Mantegna , in order to develop plans to rob a credit union . Great lengths are taken to try and squeeze humor out of the fact that they are robbing a credit union instead of a bank . Why this would be even remotely funny to begin with is absolutely beyond me.This all culminates in one of the most horrendous bank robbery scenes ever put on film . The soundtrack to this movie only makes things worse ... if that 's possible . It was so unbearable that I would rather listen to nails on a chalkboard.Even if you are a die hard Jason Alexander fan , you will be much better off watching a thousand episodes of `` Seinfeld '' instead of watching this movie even once .
 I like watching movies , but I HATE acting and LOATHE coherent plots , so you can imagine that there are n't too many films out there I actually enjoy . Thank goodness for Actor Slash Model!I mean , just the other day I was complaining that too many films waste time with compelling characters and do n't have enough footage of hunky guys walking around aimlessly and maybe working out or something and then getting stabbed off-camera . Well , that was the sickness , and Actor Slash Model is the cure!This film is perfect for those quiet afternoons when you have literally done everything else there is to do on this planet , nay , this universe . Dear god , I am burning up with fever and the prescription is more Actor Slash Model .
 Another entry in cult director David DeCoteau 's `` 1313 '' horror franchise , `` Actor Slash Model '' tells the story of an embittered young actor frustrated by losing all the good roles he thinks he deserves to `` meat puppets '' , fellow actors whose only talent is looking good without a shirt . So he prowls the halls of a Hollywood mansion neatly dispatching his rivals with his trusty carving knife.The standard DeCoteau touches are here
 Just horrible . Good looking guys but that does not make make up for the long periods of boredom.One of the worse movies I have EVER seen .
 I wanted to like this film . I was rooting for it . I love artsy sepia-toned horror films like LOST SOULS and THE RING and GOTHIKA -- but SILENCE BECOMES YOU is none of that.It 's not a horror film . It 's hard to say what it is . I kept waiting for something to gel ; a story , a theme , a point ... something ! But NOTHING!The events -LRB- it 's hard to call this a story -RRB- concern two young women living alone in a mansion . Their father was an alchemist . They allude to a `` plan , '' which seems to involve finding a young man to mate with so they can have a baby.Well , one of the sisters picks up a drifter in a bar and takes him home . Then ... nothing much . Lots of talk and flashbacks and superimposed images . I mean LOTS of superimposed images , all throughout the film , but to no clear purpose.We see images of the young women as children , superimposed all over the place . At one point , the man is asleep , then he 's woken by one of the women as a child . But it means nothing . Is it a dream ? A flashback ? An imagining ? Alchemical magic ? Does it occur in the future ? The past ? Another dimension ? `` Who is beside you ? '' the man asks without moving his lips . `` No one is beside me , '' the child answers . `` You 're just a child , '' the man says . `` I am eternally a child , '' the child replies.Uhm , okay.These images -LRB- of the women , their parents , the young man -RRB- are constantly superimposed , with sounds too . LOTS of magical-poetic gibberish , with no clear rhyme or reason.The film seems to borrow a bit from D.H. Lawrence 's THE FOX in that these two women become jealous over the man.All in all , a confusing mish-mash . Beautiful sets , photography , sepia colors , but so BORING as it 's all for naught . Just gibberish , and superimposed images , and wandering in the snow , and just sheer nothing.Yes , there 's an ending . Or rather , the film ends . Do n't ask me to explain it . There 's a fire . Or was there ? It seemed a big fire , but then the house seems unaffected . The man seems to have died , but later we see him superimposed beside one of the women . One seems to have lost her baby in childbirth -LRB- or did she ? -RRB- while the other woman is pregnant . Was it all a dream ? A magical alter-reality ? Who knows!I 'm sure some people will be bowled over with stupefied admiration , but I like a story to go with all that pretty photography.An artsy-fartsy , none-horror , sorta Jane Austin type Gothic suspense thriller -LRB- the women watch an Austin movie on TV -RRB- , but really , WHAT IS IT ?
 My wife and I rented this movie , expecting to see a quirky thriller ... well , quirky we got . Thrills we did n't . This was a pointless film , unless you like movies without a point -- in that case , `` art film '' might describe it . It 's something that Roger Ebert might have given a `` thumbs-up '' to , but that usually means that it 's dull , depressing , and/or Oscar worthy . This film might fit the first two , but it 's about as Oscar worthy as `` Attack of the Killer Tomatoes . '' When it hits the $ 5.00 bin at Wal-Mart , offer them a dollar for it -- and keep the receipt !
 This movie will leave you staring dumbfounded at your screen in disbelief - that you actually sat through 88 minutes of this appalling excuse for entertainment . The characters were as superficial as the plot was non-existent . A couple of cuss words and Sienna Guillory 's breasts were thrown in to give it an R rating but truthfully the DVD box should have carried a government health warning . Whatever you do DO NOT buy this movie . Do n't even waste the time or money renting it . Alicia Silverstone and Joe Anderson fail to explore their relationship in any dimension whatsoever , and resort to repeated meant-to-be passionate clinches because they literally have nothing to say to each other . And that 's it !
 A pointless film that 's trying to be as mysterious and mystical as possible and winds up being nothing but boring . Watching the film , there 's a sense that there will be some big revelation , something in the script that will make the movie tie together , but that something never appears . In fact , the ending is even more ambiguous than the rest of the film . This movie is nothing but an exercise to show Alicia Silverstone in different stages of undress , and even those scenes are n't very revealing . The entire movie winds up being one bad mind game , or maybe a good one -LRB- depending on how you look at it ; after all , the game is to get you to watch the movie -RRB- . The scenery and photography are pretty good but do not make the film redeemable by any means .
 Do n't you wish you were in Joe Anderson place ? Come on , all guys do . Still can that save this movie from total boredom ? Probably not . You have 2 ladies trying to have some fun but from watching this ... you get the sense that they were little daddy 's girls . Trying to have fun yet do not want to disappoint their daddy , whom i assume past away . Alicia tries to be sexy and it shows but the plot is ho hum ... boring!I can see some people might like stuff like this but it 's not for me . Watch it if your a Clueless fan cuz that is what you will get by watching this ... get it ?
 This has got to be the worst movie ever made in the history of humankind . The script writer lacks all the atributes that a good writer needs to have , even if you go to her website , her art is aweful and tasteless . I ca n't beleive any movie company would ever agree to make such a bad movie . It was a waste of my whole one dollar I paid for it in the clearance section .
 If you are not initiate to the world of backyard wrestling , this might be a good place to start , if you want to see something of the pure drive and horrors of this trend . Just like pick-up games in the dirt , youth in all corners of America are making their own wrestling federations , with of course no training outside of watching television and having a love for the game . You may say that backyard wrestling is far more dangerous than any kind of baseball or football game in the mud -LRB- especially when barbed wire and flaming tables are into play -RRB- , and you would n't have too much of an argument from me , but the question here is how in-depth and revealing and objective this documentary is.This film delivers a good range of proto-wrestlers , from The Lizard , who does aspire to be a proper professional wrestler -LRB- and puts his money where his mouth is and actually auditions for a WWE Tough Enough and goes to a wrestling school -RRB- , to kids throwing each other on thumbtacks and slicing their own foreheads for a handful of fellow kids in their yards . Some seem like angry kids who would rather find ways to cut themselves open , and others seem totally lost and have no idea that they are working towards one day being fed through a tube . Some of them even show how their performances channel them through great pain in their lives -- Scar , for example , was a sickly kid who went through mutliple surgeries when he was just a small child , and hardcore wrestling seems to give him a place to take control of his body , which was taken away from him for so many years . One boy plays out his history of abuse through his wrestling storylines , to somehow master the pain he has been put through . These are intriguing looks into some of the drives for what seems on the surface a horrifying youth trend.But what drags me away from this movie are the thinly disguised manipulations on the moviemakers ' part . When two brothers reveal to their grandmother the extent of their matches , it is clearly a moment set up for the camera , and so loses any appeal of seeing any true reaction from the grandmother . When a boy decides to arrange a match with a fellow kid who goes by the name of The Retarded Butcher , the Butcher 's mom ` suddenly ' shows up , again a clear arrangement by the moviemakers . Even Rob Van Dam 's brief appearances in the film feel like obligatory ` counterpoint ' and not a full examination of the sport vs. the backyard shindigs.Ultimately , _ The Backyard _ falls short of trusting the subject matter and has too many rough edges , and unfortunately they are not the rough edges that might cut open a scalp or two .
 This movie portrays backyard wrestling in horrid light , and is not an accurate representation . Not all BYW is about bleeding and crap . Some of the cats in the backyard are trained professionals who just have not found a promotion to join .
 Do n't judge this review by the stars and title , I was a hulkamaniac and would still pay to see Hulk wrestle.However what I am not a fan of is reality TV . I only picked this one up because a lot of friends said it was not that much of a reality TV show , but funny.However , after watching it , I can see what they where saying , but what it 's left me feeling is that Terry Bolleah is an a ***** . The way he treats his daughter and telling her she needs to be thin and should only eat healthy to me was just wrong . And the way he tells his son he ca n't date a girl because he should be looking for more girls is fubar.I can understand he is a protective parent , but there is a limit , like secretly stalking your daughter by a gps unit and calling her every time they go down a street that they did not inform Hogan of ... . come on , let them live a little , teach them how to have safe sex if there going to do it , not tell them sex is a bad thing and they are not allowed to do it.Plus , a lot of things seemed to be copying stuff I saw on the Osbourne 's . And it makes me wonder if anything they show is legit , or if it 's scripted . Seems strange you see maybe a dog or two in one episode , then the next there is 100 animals everywhere ... . is it selective editing , or someone coming up with something that might be interesting for that episode?From a few clips I saw on youtube , it seems like season 2 got funnier , I might check that one out later , but as for season 1 , i have lost a lot of respect for Hogan if that is the way he really treats his kids .
 This is one of those movies that sounds great on paper -- then you finally get the chance to watch it and see that it was forgotten for a reason . The story concerns a virus that wipes out all grain causing mass starvation and anarchy throughout the world . It follows one family -LRB- including lovely Lynn Frederick from Vampire Circus -RRB- as they attempt to get out of the city to the safety of a family member 's farm . The film is certainly dark and angry and makes some strong points about the way some blithely over-consume while others starve and about the dangers of turning a blind eye to pollution going on all around us -LRB- although this was made in the days before the creation of the EPA and modern environmental laws -RRB- . It also paints a bleak picture of what humanity will resort to in order to survive and suggests that maybe we do n't deserve to . The problem is that director Cornel Wilde does n't have the filmmaking chops to pull off what he is attempting . The direction is clunky , particularly during the scenes involving violence which tend to be more sloppy than exciting . To give just one example , early in the film the family is forced to kill two police officers to get through a road block and escape the city . The violence is supposed to have an emotional impact -- one of the characters vomits immediately afterwards . But the scene is staged so poorly that it comes off more ridiculous than disturbing -- and the stiff upper lip style observed by most of the actors is completely the opposite of what is needed to make the scene effective . Imagine The Road Warrior made by a stodgy World War 2 era filmmaker and you will get a pretty good idea of what No Blade of Grass is like and exactly what 's wrong with it . It 's a shame that a lot of these rare Warner Archive titles are n't available for rental or streaming because many of them definitely are n't worth watching more than once .
 Not a great movie . Vincent D'Onofrio is my FAVORITE actor , but his acting skills are wasted on this movie . Can not recommend this poor movie .
 I saw this movie for the first time on Showtime last night , and I think that it stunk ! No wonder it never received any publicity when it was released last year!First of all , they should have called this movie `` New Jersey '' because most of the movie was filmed there ! Secondly , this movie just validates the fact that Staten Island is filled with gangsters , gangster wannabes , white trash , and morons.Vincent D'Onofrio -LRB- who 's most famous movie role was Private Leonard `` Gomer Pyle '' Lawrence in Stanley Kubrick 's masterpiece , `` Full Metal Jacket '' -RRB- was especially awful in his role as a mentally unbalanced gangster . Ethan Hawke 's performance as a septic tank cleaner was ok , but it was a far cry from his performance with Denzel Washington in `` Training Day '' .
 Do n't waste your $ - it was n't worth buying the blu-ray version . I should have rented the dvd first before spending the blu-ray version .
 This has to be one of the most poorly written and poorly shot movies I have ever seen in my whole life . Such a weak plot and ridiculous story , I do n't even know how I made it through all the way to the end . Then to make matters worse the ending had nothing to it at all . The only enjoyment it brought was that it was finally over . I would strongly recommend to you that you spend your time on better activities like cleaning the bathroom , rather than watching this .
 This season really took the show from a comedy to a drama . I was a huge fan of HIMYM , however this last season left me feeling sad after nearly every episode . I rarely laughed , far different from the first few seasons that had me laughing out loud nearly the entire time .
 I 'm a huge fan of HIMYM . The first four seasons are excellent . Season 5 disappointed me with its poor handling of the Robin/Barney relationship , and then a bunch of fillerish episodes . Season 6 redeemed itself right away , setting up a new mystery with the wedding where Ted will meet the mother . The season contained small hints at whose wedding it might be , but there were also a lot of strong arcs involving Marshall and his father , and Barney and his father . There was also Ted , who spent the majority of that season in a relationship with the antagonistic Zoey . The finale revealed to us that one of the people getting married at that wedding `` a little ways down the road '' was none other than Barney!Season 7 starts off strong with `` The Best Man , '' but quickly falters from there . Much of the first third of the season are lackluster episodes , as we follow Barney pursuing a relationship with Nora , Robin pining after Barney and then presumably giving up in favor of her therapist-turned-boyfriend , Kevin . Ted ties up some loose ends with Victoria , and Marshall and Lily try to figure out where they want to raise their child . The action picks up a bit in 7.9 , `` Disaster Averted , '' which is another standout episode in the season , which takes the tension between Barney and Robin up a notch by having them hook up again . That plotline continues in 7.10 , where despite having a discussion which may lead to their getting back together , Robin mercilessly rejects Barney in favor of Kevin . 7.11 is nothing special with a very misleading cliffhanger , and 7.12 is a tearjerker of an episode with a very cruel twist.And from there the season completely sputters . Despite all the build-up between Barney and Robin , long stretches of episodes go by without them addressing anything that 's happened . Instead we get a lot of lackluster filler episodes , like `` Tailgate , '' `` The Burning Beekeeper , '' and `` 46 Minutes . '' Barney gets a new love interest just as Robin and Kevin split , and Ted takes the breakup as an opportunity to once AGAIN tell Robin he loves and and wants to be with her . Mercifully she does n't reciprocate his feelings , and ends up moving out of the apartment , but that does n't stop Ted from moping about her for practically the rest of the season . -LRB- Had n't these two already made peace with their past relationship ? Like ... many times before ?? -RRB- The season ends with the bride reveal , which while not surprising in the least is a step in the right direction , and Ted taking off with Victoria , who has skipped out on her wedding.There were so many issues with this season . Lack of a real plot for Ted , who spends the majority of the season either playing odd third wheel to Lily and Marshall 's pregnancy , or pining after Robin again . He does have a few moments , such as with Victoria and the Slutty Pumpkin , where we remember what the show is actually about , but those are few and far between . Marshall and Lily spend so much time deciding to move out to Long Island ... and then move back a couple episodes later . Talk about going in circles . And Robin 's character takes a nosedive into the absurd when she 's stripped of just about every quality we ever liked about her . She breaks Barney 's heart , accepts a marriage proposal from a man she 's only dated a few months , is mopey and whiny and insecure . Not to mention , I 'm not sure what was up with the wardrobe this season , but she looked awful . -LRB- Which is ridiuclous , since the actress is quite pretty ! -RRB- Barney breaks a record by having two serious outside love interests in one season.Overall , this season was extremely disappointing . Here 's hoping S8 can pick up the pieces and get back to telling the stories we love about the characters we love . I 'll probably be buying this for completions sake , but aside from a couple of standouts , this one is definitely a season to catch on Netflix or in reruns .
 I used to love this show , but it 's just too ridiculous now . This season we 've only watched so we could see how Ted meets the kids ' mother ... . But I just do n't care any more.Security pulls guns on Barney at the airport but he has no reaction ? Barney 's apartment is decorated like a Hello Kitty fanatic 's place ? How stupid.I have n't laughed with this show for a LONG time .
 Many weeks ago I bought this product and it is not shiped yet , when you will send it to me ?
 ok seriously robin sucks and ruins this show especially in this season . the last episode was great up until the last few seconds of it . err made me soo mad
 The content is fine , but I purchased it expecting to be able to download it for offline viewing on my Android tablet -LRB- this is why I use the Amazon MP3 store - easy download and use anywhere -RRB- . Amazon Videos do NOT have this capability as of now , no way to download for offline use unless you are a Windohs user.Sadly , I wo n't be able to use this service until this capability is added .
 I was not trying to buy this because I already bought the entire season . I just could not get it to play so I think I ended up paying again .
 HIMYM 'S season finale was the disatrous end to a disastrous season . Unfunny , implausible , and utterly lacking in the heart that often redeems HIMYM 's lesser outings.Instead we discover that Ted , far from being a romantic with an occasional roguish streak , now looks to be little better than a sleazeball with no conscience about doing unto others what was done unto him . At a stroke , he is no longer a sympathetic character , but is just a junior league version of Barney.The two finale episodes were rife with implausible and impossible situations that effectively neutered the humor . We laugh when we can relate , but Barney 's adventures with airport security were so impossible as to drain any empathetic humor - and of course , finding out at the end that it was all for nothing because Barney 's intended is destined to get dumped helped matters not at all . Another pseudo-climactic conclusion that promises much and delivers nothing.This was compounded by the return of Victoria - in a wedding dress at a bar . Naturally . Oh sigh , here we go again - another recycled romance - and of course , again , not THE ONE . This pedal on the organ has been pumped way too many times to be even remotely interesting let alone funny . This is no longer plot twist or even plot tease - it is just tiresome.As to the birth of Marvin Ericsson - and do n't get me started about the absurd middle name - it lacked all emotion . Marshall 's miraculous turn from stone drunk to cold sober just in time for his `` just in time '' appearance in the birthing room , sans sanitized hospital garb , was nonsensical , unrealistic and so lightning fast as to be utterly without warmth or depth.This was a problem made worse by the fact that , yet again , we are treated to the presence of the whole group gawking at the baby instead of what would have been a far more touching family moment between the parents of the new baby . I do n't know what it is , but whenever the writers of HIMYM attempt a touching moment between Marshall and Lilly , it falls flat - see their wedding as Exhibit A - and about the only thing that can be said about the baby Ericsson birth is that it continued the tradition of failed moments.This season started awful , improved only slightly in the middle , and now has ended as it began - vapid , stalled , repetitious and unfunny . Clearly HIMYM has exhausted its premise - even the acting has become formulaic and `` phoned in '' as the stars begin to pursue new projects and are devoting less energy to the show . It is time to have Ted meet the girl of his dreams and put this show out of its exhausted misery .
 So , who wrote this , because it had to be a man . Of course , women could never survive without a man , could they ? And would n't they just do the silliest possible things imaginable ? Treat each other terribly ? Or run around with flowers in their hair and dance all day ? Not one of them would be able to grow their own food , and for sure - they would absolutely drug and abuse any other women out of what ? jealousy ? Oh please . The only good part of this is the end where the only man alive after the rain is GAY!This is just awful , not campy . It belittles women in every possible way . Save your money .
 I found this movie had very little story line I could follow . I am trying desparately to remember what happened but my recall of this mivie is a better description . A movie length nothing ! No politics , no made you think moments whether for or against your own thoughts.I was glad to buy it because now I can tell my friends what not to waste there money on!Sorry nothing positive to say about this film .
 TRACK OF THE MOON BEAST was filmed in 1972 but four years passed before the film found a distributor . There is a reason for that . Now and then a film is bad but amusing or has a strangely goofy charm , with such films as PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE and ATTACK OF THE 50 FOOT WOMAN cases in point -- but most of the time a bad movie is simply that
 Concept is familiar -- man turns into a monster , not too different from old werewolf films . But this film has no appeal whatsoever . The writing and the acting are so wooden that it is impossible to care about any of the characters . It 's not scary , it 's not funny , it 's just a boring waste of time . How did something this amateurish ever get OK 'd and produced ? -LRB- On the other hand , it is kind of fun to think about a double-feature pairing `` Track of the Moon Beast '' with 1959 's similarly plotted but not as awful `` The Hideous Sun Demon . '' -RRB-
 Poor acting , a tired lifeless plot , poor production values , cheesy special effects . Any teenager with an interest in film-making could have produced a much better movie . Do n't waste your money .
 Barely worth the time to even write a review . I have struggled my way through bad movies before , but this one took the cake . Could n't make it all the way through , though I tried . Not a single redeeming virtue .
 I tried to watch it . I really did . The 5 star review here is either
 i did not even watch all of it this movie is bad and i like movies that make fun of movies but this one is bad
 Horrible actors -LRB- definitely NOT the Charlene Tilton from Dallas fame ! -RRB- , horrible acting , horrible story -LRB- if you can even call it that -RRB- , was not at all funny , and is actually soft-core pornography . Unfortunately , I based my choice on the first review -LRB- which was the only one at the time -RRB- which is obviously a feeble attempt at sarcasm , or it was written by the producer . If you 're going to post a review , at least tell the truth . It would have saved me an hour of my time -LRB- as I fast-forwarded through most of it hoping for a miracle -RRB- and $ 1.99 of my money .
 A terrible example of what happens when a talented director imitates an attention-seeking enfant terrible , Bertolucci 's Partner is forgotten with good reason - his Godardian take on Dostoyevsky 's The Double is pretty awful . Like Godard , it 's full of slogans and soundbites which do n't gain in profundity by being repeated six times or more at varying volumes instead of substance , constantly throwing them at the screen in the hope that something will stick , but he amps up the surrealism with Pierre Clementi 's absurd -LRB- in the dictionary definition -RRB- performance . Whether he 's shouting at the screen or fighting with invisible enemies or himself , there 's never any danger of him being remotely believable or entertaining so that when he finally does meet his double -LRB- who he keeps in a closet -RRB- we 've already dismissed him as a tiresome attention seeing moron on day release from the local asylum . It 's the kind of performance that 'll have you yearning for the subtle underplaying of Crispin Glover . He does improve as the film goes along and the characters exchange identities , but he 's successfully alienated you from the film by then.Technically it 's impressive , with the shot in-camera effects scenes of the two Clementi 's extremely well-timed , Bertolucci even acknowledging the artificiality of the device by having them disappear mid-frame in one memorable moment . There 's a little bit more involvement with his theme than you get with Godard - for all the surface ` provocation ' -LRB- read tiresome and infantile attention seeking -RRB- it does acknowledge that the intellectuals it wants to address -LRB- and does directly in the end -RRB- are incapable of real revolution because they tie themselves up in imaginary intellectual knots rather than act . Just as Easy Rider now plays as a film that puts you off drugs because the characters just act like uncool morons when they 're high , this now seems more a parody of self-important radicals proposing ineffectual actions than a document of a real revolution . And there 's a nice sendup of Fellini and other Italian directors ' use of numbers instead of dialog when shooting without sound -LRB- Bertolucci shot with live sound at a time when most Italian films were shot mute and dubbed later -RRB- . The 2.35:1 transfer is good , and the film has a nice artray of extras , including a substantional interview with Bertolucci and mute audition footage as well as a booklet.Pierre Clementi 's screen test for Partner and an outtake from the film overdubbed with new dialog urging the audience to resist or accept the film but to at least react to it rather than simply use cinema as an escape form 's the opening of Edoardo Bruno 's His Day of Glory / La Sua Giornata di Gloria , included on the NoShame DVD of Partner as an extra . It 's a typical forgotten piece of agitprop from ' 68 , more interested in the sound of its own voice than effecting any change , although it does have the virtue of sincerity . Clumsily shot in b & w ; , it 's mostly a series of political discussions that lack the depth to do more than scrape the surface , although it does make clear that these revolutionaries are too concerned with defining the revolution in contradictory terms than ever acting . Still , if you want to see three people talking very vaguely about Bertolt Brecht before acting out a bit of Mother Courage they ca n't remember the words to , this is the film for you . Mostly painless.A decent transfer considering the source material , with another good selection of extras , including director interview and mute screen tests and outtakes .
 When I first saw the trailer for this film I thought `` Oh , Boy ! This is just the movie for me ! '' I love guitars , and rock music , and have followed the music of Page and The Edge for many years . I 've built instruments , watched many rockumentaries . Sounded fascinating.It is n't . First , the central concept of having these three guitarists get together and talk shop just never catches fire . Page and The Edge may be brilliant people with a lot to say , but they do n't say it in this film ; they 're deferential , introverted , and apparently just not motivated to engage in a lot of talk about what they do . Page seems like rock aristocracy with nothing to prove -- true -- and just hangs out , making benign , genial small talk . The Edge talks about how he likes to make effects , which is fine , if not revelatory.And then there 's Jack White . Many people have commented that he 's the odd man out , not in the same league as the others as far as either musical prowess or influence , and I have to say , I agree , although it may reflect my being in an older generation than his fans . But I found him very pretentious and peculiar , with his constant emphasis on how deeply into the blues he is , and how authentic he is , and how he plays plastic guitars , and wants making music to be a struggle . He dresses up his mini-me son to look just like himself -- looking like the Blues Brothers , and just as authentic . Nothing wrong with being eccentric if you make great music -- bring it on -- but at least in this film he plays nothing to distinguish himself.I expected these guys to at least talk with their music and play some interesting stuff together , but no . Maybe it was unreasonable to expect , given how different their styles are , but still , I was surprised at how uninspired their jamming was.Lacking any real chemistry , and any great musical interplay , the film includes a lot of archival footage . Some of this interesting -- I loved seeing Jimmy Page performing as a youth , and early U2 footage , in which they looked like the Bay City Rollers . But I would n't say it was worth sitting through an otherwise slow , full-length film for those snippets . I 'd recommend this to hard-core fans only , and especially fans of Jack White , since any Zeppelin or U2 show is a lot more entertaining than this .
 As an amateur guitarist with a broad appreciation of rock music spanning every generation , I naturally found the concept of this film intriguing . As for the three guitarist in this film , I would only consider myself a fan of Jimmy Page and Led Zeppelin . I like a number of U2 songs , but I would no way call myself a die hard . As for Jack White , I am pretty familar with the White Strips and the Raconteurs , like some of his licks , but have always thought he was pretty overrated as a guitarist . The fact that RS ranked him # 17 all-time Guitarist is insane . Anyways , as for the movie . It lacked a lot of actual substance . As much as I like Page , he was rather uninteresting and revealed very little about himself . The Edge was disappointingly dull as well , in addition , he basically admits that his expensive gear gives him all of his sound , not his surprisingly lack-luster playing ability . Jack White is the only guy who seems interesting or at least interested in the project . Though , through his awkward `` Age 9 self with current self '' story telling method , it increasingly feels as his entire persona is forced and it trying very hard to seem like he does n't care at all , if you know what I mean . At one point in the film , he admits to copying his `` style '' from a 2-piece band he saw in North Carolina -LRB- name of band I can not recall -RRB- . Also , there was actually very little guitar playing . When there was any , it was n't very inspiring . There was maybe 15mins of good material in this entire movie .
 Because I do n't care about the repercussions of negatively reviewing a popular movie
 First off , Jack White does n't deserve a place in this film . Everything about his `` persona '' is irritating to me.I like a few White Stripes and Ranconteurs songs ... but overall , he 's too over-rated for my tastes.The whole child version of himself watching him play , dressed in similar clothes ... . meh ... Seems way too contrived.When they finally get to meeting each other , it is cool to see them play their riffs in a group setting . Page playing Ramble On solo is a highlight for sure.Edge is cool ... he goes back through his demo tapes of riffs from Joshua Tree , but really nothing new if you have seen the Classic Albums JT dvd.Overall a good rental I guess , but I would n't buy this for $ 20 . Rent it first and decide for yourself .
 I 'm a huge fan of all three of the guitarists featured here , but this documentary is just plain boring . It 's kinda cool to see each musician play at first , but the longer the movie goes on , the more you realize there is no over-arching POINT to any of it . It 's basically just one giant mash-up . It could have been a great movie if it just had something -- ANYTHING -- to say . Instead it just piddles away a couple of hours without making any kind of real impression .
 Judging from all the enthusiastically positive reviews of this film , I thought that there might be some kind of surprising chemistry or musical magic that occurred when these three very different guitarists got together -- well , there was n't much , as it turns out . The bio sketches of these three figures were interesting as separate clips , but the jam session/discussion was REALLY lame . It was just all too contrived . It was funny when Jack White was asked what was going to happen when the three guitarists got together and he answered `` Probably a fistfight . '' Not likely , of course , but I expected a fistgight more than seeing the three guitarists sitting together and all three just plain ol' strumming the chords to `` The Weight . '' Boring ! Any one of them -LRB- or any novice guitarist , for that matter -RRB- could have handled that . What was the point ? That song is n't in any of the three guitarists ' reportoire , anyway . Could n't they come up with some kind of jam that exemplified each of these three guitarists ' individual styles ? That happened to a slight extent on the `` In My Time of Dying '' jam , but overall the jams mostly just had them playing the same thing . And sorry , Edge just looked out of place playing a slide blues song , even if he did a fine job , of course.And do any of these guys really care about what strings the other guys use ? I 'm sure none of them could care less , and in fact I think Jack White said that he really could n't care less about what strings HE uses!Yeah , this was just a goofy idea to have them sit around together and practically read a script for a discussion . The most fascinating parts of this video were the opening shot of Jack White making a miniature diddley bow , and the rare , very early footage of Page in his pre-Zeppelin days . Edge 's soundcheck in the goofy `` living room '' was the most interesting part of the documentary in that setting -LRB- the `` discussion '' -RRB- , although it was just thrown in as an extra in the Special Features.Watching Jack White write and record a song was cool , I guess , but the resulting piece was pretty much a throwaway tune , as I 'm sure he would agree . I mean , how inspired are you going to be to write a song when some film director requests it and sticks a camera in your face while you do it?This was a novel concept of filming this so-called `` informal '' dicussion , but it did n't generate anything interesting , IMO . Anything that is so contrived just is n't going to be natural , nor will it result in any real synergistic artistry . OVERHYPED .
 U2 is my favorite band , and The Edge is one of the reasons . I saw a brief clip of this movie on Utube , profiling him . . I thought , boy , a whole DVD profiling him and the other two musicians should really be awesome . Watched it , and wished I could have got my $ back
 This project sounded like a documentary director 's wet dream project
 A bit disappointed in this documentary-Got bored and shut it off after an hour . Jack White was boring and wierd , but Jimmy Page and The Edge from U2 were OK . It was worth a try : -RRB-
 A wasted opportunity might be a suitable answer to the above question . I may be wrong , but I watched this -LRB- on HBO , thankfully -RRB- thinking that it was about guitarists playing guitars . Being one myself , the prospect seemed riveting , even if I 'm not a fan of the Edge or knew much about Jack White . I foolishly thought they would be sharing tricks of the trade , swapping riffs , jamming , talking about effects , and all things guitar.There is some of this ... but only a smattering and nothing developed . We do get however , the early histories of each musico -LRB- ! -RRB- , as if endless documentaries on the matter do n't already abound . We see the Edge going back to his old school -LRB- twice ! -RRB- , commenting on the IRA -LRB- how relevant is that ?! -RRB- , White recounts childhood stories in a Mexican neighborhood -LRB- yawn -RRB- , and some more than familiar Page memories . Then , there is much footage on each musician on his own working at home , the studio -LRB- although hardly any on Page -RRB- , and even in concert -LRB- old Zep reels -RRB- . And the guys sitting around jamming ??? Precious little.You see , I thought they would be together in a room playing away , LIKE THE TRAILER SHOWED . This is but a fraction of the movie . Do not get your hopes up . The only ONE real jam is on Page 's `` In My Time Of Dying '' , and then the movie briefly worked for me . -LRB- They do get together at the very end to sing The Band 's `` The Weight '' , but it 's pretty forgettable . -RRB- My last quibble . Jack White was virtually unknown to me & may remain so
 Very disappointed . Should have been called `` It Might get Boring '' . If you like Jack White then by all means buy it but if you are a life long Jimmy Page fan you are better off with The Song Remains the Same . Would have rather just seen Jimmy playing in his living room .
 Three amazing musicians of different backgrounds get together to share ideas and approaches . Great concept ! This is how this movie was marketed.Unfortunately it is not what is delivered . 90 % of it is looking back with voice overs of the individuals talking about their history and only 10 % of it they are actuallytogether playing and interacting . It 's okay but not what was promised in the trailers . Many of the things they express I 've seen on youtube and magazinesover the years . Nothing new . I was excited to see the dynamic of them together and was disappointed in how little there was of it . Sony Pictures should beashamed of marketing this the way they have . A great idea unrealized and then deceptively presented to make a quick buck .
 I 'll make this short and sweet.I followed the hype on-line for a year until the film was finally release and made its way to a theater 60 miles away . I made the drive and was incredibly underwhelmed by what I saw and heard.I did n't care for the pacing or organization of the film ... slow and disjointed . The selection of The Edge and Jack White must have been purely convenience motivated as there is a long list of more interesting electric guitarists whose inclusion would have made much more sense . The only shared performance was `` The Weight '' and I might add , they could n't even get the chords right . Utterly embarrassing.I 've seen the process of how a bad film gets made in spite of the best intentions of those involved . My only guess is that this film went down that same road.If it were n't for the scene of Jimmy Page in his music room listening to Link Wray 's 1958 innovative bombshell `` The Rumble '' , I could n't even give this film 1 star.Save your money .
 I honestly do n't know how a film maker could make such a boring piece of dribble with a -RRB- the budget , b -RRB- the time spent on the film c -RRB- three guitarists of this caliber.Anyone hoping for insights on the craft , technique , gear , or anything of depth for that matter might be disappointed . So much of this film was staged or scripted , it barely feels like a documentary.On the other hand if you 're the type that can listen to droll guitar playing for an hour and a half , and gets excited seeing stock footage of U2 and Led Zepplin , then this is the film for you .
 This DVD is almost all talk and hardly any music . Very misleading . Save your money .
 If Jimmy Page , the `` Edge , '' and Jack White all linked arms and jumped off the Empire State Bldg , which one would hit the ground first ? Who cares ? And now `` they 're doing a DVD '' on these three sort of following each other around ?
 This move was disappointing to me . For starters , I found the combination of those three personalities to be odd , but not in a good way . In Jimmy Page , you have a genuine rock legend and a gentle soul . In The Edge , you have a quiet , intellectual , journeyman musician who has nothing to prove to anyone , but is visibly in awe of what Jimmy has accomplished . Finally , we have Jack White , the pure embodiment of pretentiousness . It was a real eye-rolling moment when Jack made a strong anti-technology statement about music , just moments before they showed Edge 's huge rack full of guitar gear . It was immediately apparent that Jack and The Edge had very little common ground musically , and were merely trying to remain civil with each other in order to make it though the day . The whole thing felt contrived and would have been a total failure , if not for Jimmy 's good humor.I think the producers should have focused more on the segments of each player individually and completely eliminated any scenes with all three together . Better yet , they should have simply made a two-hour movie about Jimmy Page . THAT would be a must-see .
 I think this was all about Jack White and how great he thinks he is . There was about 10 seconds spent on The Edge 's sound , and Jimmy Page wondering around some old castle . Way too much time spent on silly Jack White montages . If you were hoping for some good jams , you will be severely disappointed .
 As a guitarist and a huge fan of all three players this documentary focuses upon , I was ultimately disappointed in the film . I really ca n't understand the large number of 5-star reviews . Leading up to the release of the film , I was thrilled by the concept ; these are definitely three iconic guitarists of their respective generations , and getting them together seems a brilliant idea . Unfortunately , other than getting them together , the film 's creators do n't seem to have had much of an idea of what to do with them once the cameras started rolling . With no interviewer serving to spur on discussion , Page , Edge , and White are left to figure out how to interview each other , and sadly do n't do a very good job . It 's very telling that so much of the film is actually recaps of each individual 's career , with interviews done away from the `` summit '' that is ostensibly the centerpiece of the film . Given how uninteresting the actual summit footage is , it 's really not surprising . There is a lot of awkward silence , abortive attempts to teach each other songs , and muddled discussion that never really goes anywhere . There are some interesting moments , such as when they are jamming a bit on Zep 's `` In My Time of Dying '' and Edge takes a pretty cool solo ... but they are outnumbered by the moments of awkwardness . This reaches its height when , at the end of the film , they manage to work up a rendition of `` The Weight '' by The Band , of all things . Utterly bizarre.I also did not get the impression that the film 's creators really knew a whole lot about guitar , which is allegedly the subject matter of the whole film . There 's a sequence titled `` Jimmy 's Strat '' which details Page 's first electric guitar purchase . Page is so iconically linked to the Les Paul -LRB- and so rarely linked to the Fender Strat -RRB- that this just seems ridiculous . There 's also this whole series of scenes featuring White and his 8-year-old self -LRB- i.e. , a child actor -RRB- , which , while kind of novel , seems gimmick-y and out of place . Again , I think it is patently obvious that there was little salvageable footage of the three together , and thus the film needed padding.While not a total loss , the film is far less than it could have been . There 's really nothing insightful here for guitarists , and the biographical info will be well known to anyone who is already a dedicated fan of the respective subjects . It was certainly worth a Netflix rental , but even as a massive Zep and U2 fan -LRB- and slightly less massive fan of White 's -RRB- , I am really in no hurry to pay money for this.The filmmakers obviously wanted a rock guitar `` My Dinner with Andre . '' What they ultimately produced is , at best , three unfinished episodes of `` Behind the Music '' crammed on to one disc .
 My friend said it was a good movie and it ad some potential but the acting was just horrible . This is a movie that i would grade a maybe not a F because it showed it had potential to be a good movie , but a d - because it did n't show that potential .
 I have this rented for the next seven days , wish I could end my rental now . The actors must have been in their first week of acting school and flunked out . they were making up their lines no joke . Line
 This does n't even deserve one star ... it 's that bad . The acting must be done by people who have never even taken an acting class . Whoever directed/produced should probably find another career . What I saw of the story was stupid , but I had to quit watching it because it was that ridiculous . I never review movies even if they 're not good but this one is really , really dumb . Plus I felt like , since I want my own money back , maybe I could save someone else from wasting their money on this .
 movie was very low budget.silly plot.not very good acting.i give this movie a 1 star.i would give it a zero if there was one .
 This was by far the worst movie all around that I have watched in as long as I can remember . I am a HUGE fan of B movies and have sat through just about every Troma film ever made -LRB- kind of sad -RRB- ... that being said those Troma films have Meryl Streep , Al Pacino caliber acting compaired to this rubbish but that can be overlooked because who rents this type of movie for the acting ... the story line is terrible ... I was looking for a Kidnapped or even Funny Games style movie but this was just blah ... in a film you expect to see blood and guts and nudity this movie scores ZERO . . maybe a 1 on nudity because in the begining they show some boobs ... Save your $ 2.99 because this one I would be upset if it cost me .25 and I am serious !!
 Do n't get me wrong , I actually like some of these no budget type horrors , so thats not my issue . This movie just does n't deliver what most of those slice em up slashers are supposed to give you . It just just boring .
 I do n't know who gave high rating for this crap , maybe producer friends ?!? Keep your money . Except two minutes near the end this is a very cheap movie .
 The acting is not good , but not horrible . It seems like a college level movie and not professional . The actors seemed like they were forcing the script , so I am thinking that the script was just badly written . It did seem that the script was very rushed . All-in-all , it was pretty badly directed and written with amateur acting at best .
 Movie remakes of TV Shows need to actually follow the story , or at least mirror what happened from the original show . The original Land Of The Lost TV Show was cheesy at best , but this film is just dumb . It 's not funny . The story is just a movie that has the title `` Land of the Lost '' so people who liked the TV series will watch it . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I did n't have high hopes for this film , seeing how it was a bomb at the box office . Now I know why . Seems they put a lot of money into effects and then just let Will Ferrell and Danny McBride kinda improv through the entire thing . They miss more than they hit , that 's for sure . I imagine if you were sitting a room of half drunk frat boys , it 'd be hilarious , but I barely cracked a smile through the whole thing . It 's unfortunate also that the old series was family oriented and this is barely one step below R-rated humor . Skip this film -LRB- like most people did when it came out -RRB- and rent the original series instead .
 Okay , we all know that Will Ferrell movies are pretty hit and miss.I was very surprised at how much I loved `` Step Brothers '' . Maybe I needed to be more familiar with the original T.V series to appreciate this movie , but I do n't think so.I do like Will Ferrell allot , going back to his SNL days , so believe me , I wanted to like this flick . WARNING
 There were some funny scenes that made me laugh out loud . But there were some scenes that were very distasteful and disrespectful which ruined it for me .
 To begin with , I am an old fan of the original Land of the Lost TV series . I am also not a fan of Will Farrell . Yet I was willing to give this thing a chance . I almost wish I had n't . The best thing I can say about the film is that it was not as bad as the reviews led me to believe . The fact remains that it is still a terrible film in almost every way.The cheesiest thing in the film was how they worked the original lyrics of the opening theme into the script and then later had Will Farrell sing a terrible version of it as if to slam us over the head that this was supposed to be based on a beloved television series . The overly-intelligent dinosaurs were an insult to the intellect of the viewer . The story of the rivalry between Enik and the Zarn seemed artificially grafted into the film instead of being an integral part of it . Personally , I was miffed that they made Enik a megalomaniacal villain -LRB- he was originally a neutral character helping the Marshalls for his own selfish but understandable reasons -RRB- and the Zarn into the victimized guardian . In fact , they completely changed the nature of the Zarn altogether -LRB- originally he was a being made of colored lights who was sensitive to human thought and emotion and was more neutral than evil -RRB- . The story runs that disgraced physicist Rick Marshall has invented a machine which can open a doorway in time and space . A grad student named Holly convinces him to to build it and they use it to open a portal to the land of the lost , inadvertently taking a tour-guide biker named Will along with them . Once in the Land of the Lost , they rescue Chaka , a Pakuni prince , from being sacrificed by userpers of his throne . Rick Marshall acts superior to everyone and everything in this place , which pisses off Grumpy , the genius T-rex who , for some reason , understands English . We also have no good explanation why working with Chimps has made Holly fluent in Chaka 's language . After lots of bad jokes based on the original series , they find the Lost City of the Sleestak . They included the message scrawled on one of the rocks `` beware of Sleestak '' from the original TV show without explaining it properly . They have been led here psychically by Enik who is trapped inside . Enik tells them that his people 's mortal enemy , the Zarn , is planning a Sleestak invasion of Earth . Rick must find his device which was lost when they entered the Land of the Lost in order to defeat the Zarn and get home again . It just goes downhill from here . The film ends with Rick Marshall and Holly falling in love , Rick Marshall making friends with Grumpy , the T-rex -LRB- Grumpy was grumpy because of an intestinal blockage . Do n't ask how it gets fixed -RRB- , and Will remaining behind with Chaka and his people . And the invasion , which is really being planned by Enik , is stopped.What really gets me is that the original television series has a number of episodes which could have been strung together and , with a bit of tweaking , become a nice two-hour film
 Can I do 0 stars?Saw this at the $ 1.00 movies.Not one laugh.Not one
 The only `` Laugh out loud funny '' about this movie is how I wasted two hours of life watching it . An absurdly ridiculous movie , not funny , and hardly anything made any sense . Maybe I was expecting a kinda ` Jurassic Park ' or ` Lost World ' with some funny characters thrown in to the mix , but men in cheap monkey costumes , a T-Rex with scooby-do type slap stick expressions , and no plausible plot , I did not expect . Ok , the two seconds that the monkey suited man fondled Anna Friels ' breasts were ... but , I digress . All in all , probably the worst movie I have ever seen .
 `` Land of the Lost '' had it 's good points , including it 's many references to the '74 tv series . At the same time it 's a far cry from the series , due to it 's constant `` crude and sexual content '' ... and crude is a very accurate word . If you like that kind of humor you 'll probably enjoy the movie . It is by no means kid friendly -LRB- it really does get disgusting in a few places -RRB- so if you 're a parent and have kids under 16yrs old you 'll probably want to watch this before you let your kids see it.In general
 This is really nothing like the fun show of the 70 's . The only thing similar are the idea of going back in time , dinosaurs , the character names only . The rest has been transformed into modern day sexual and bathroom humour.Remember years ago when special effects played secondary to a good script ? This is n't years ago.If it 's one thing I miss is just how funny comics were in the past without resorting to potty humor.If you take this an do not compare it tothe actual show , it 's an ok time waster movie . But if you put them both side by side , what a disappointment this movie really is .
 Will Ferrel has a knack for turning a great idea for a comedy into an utterly stupid movie . This remake of the old classic is a perfect example . Mr. Ferrel plays a mad scientist in this movie , one who builds a machine that can take him to another dimension that fuses different times and places in earth 's history . He has two unwitting fellows on his trip , a nerdish groupie played by Ann Friel and an unknown actor playing a redneck with some good intuition and common sense . The three of them have a hell of a trip that blows the bounds of knowledge and logic . And like any typical Ferrell movie , we have toilet humor , scenes with dangerous animals , narcotics , weird foods , and other props found in a slapstick comedy . But some scenes were just too dumb , like the part when Ferrell 's character passes thru the digestive tract of a T-Rex , and comes out with his hair in perfect condition .
 hi Hate this remakewhy did they bother making this movieif they we 're not going to do itright . thank god i only watched it on hboi am so glad i did n't buy itTerry
 Aside from the fact the comedy itself is bad my main beef with this movie is that LOTL is supposed to be a scifi genre . This was not scifi but very poorly done comedy . I ca n't believe they took a somewhat decent show and ripped it to shreds . Hopefully someday a remake that does justice to the series will be done .
 A true disappointment . Maybe it 's because I do n't appreciate this type of sense of humor , but I really thought this was a disaster from the get-go . It was much like a made-for-cable movie , but I 've seen much better in that genre . With its sexual overtones and Chaka constantly grabbing Holly 's boobs , this misses the boat for the family as well . It earns `` 1 '' star for some of the special effects ... definitely not for the script or acting . This flick is eternally condemned to the `` Land of the Lost '' .
 Will Ferrell 's humor can go so far . He 's fine as a support character in bits and spurts , but to carry a film of a self-proclaimed classic tv -LRB- children 's -RRB- show is biting more off than it can chew . The special efffects and production values are great , but the comedy tone for this type of film does n't mesh and Will Ferrell 's comic character and he does n't gel with the rest of the serious-toned characters . This movie bombed on it 's initial release because it was up against the superior THE HANGOVER . However , it would have bombed even if it had been released if no other movie was released in any given weekend .
 This has to be one of the worst shows I have seen in years . I bought it on sale thinking if it is only rental worthy I did not spend to much more then that to own it . Bad idea , it is not even worth the rental/PPV fee . I do n't consider Will Ferrell to be a good actor at all but I had high hopes that this would be at least a B movie given the shows roots from a 70 's series , it is not , it was a total waste of time to watch it . If someone really wants to see it I would advise to wait until it is free on TV , it just is n't worth money to watch .
 Land of the Lost stars Will Ferrell , as Rick Marshall , a scientist . It was so bad , I left the theater 20 minutes into it . First off , what 's up with the cheesy special effects ? -LRB- aliens -RRB- I guess that 's supposed to be funny , but it 's not . Right before I walked out , a dinosaur was running after them , and they stoped to take a picture , so that they had proof , of this new world . Yeah . I will tell you straight up that I 'm not a Will Ferrel fan , so maybe this was n't for me . But this is so utterly dull , uninteresting , boring , and idiotic , that I could n't even watch it .
 Product arrived fine , good shape etc. . Movie itself was just okay . NOT one of Will Farrow 's best .
 Pathetic might actually be giving this film too much credit . As I watched this movie I kept thinking `` This is supposed to be acomedy , somewhere along the line there just has to be something in here that is funny , not just stupid . '' Well , I stand corrected.There was n`t . That about says it all .
 Wow , the what an awful let down ! Did the screenwriter ever see the t.v. show ? Does will Farrell have to wreck so many movies with the same schtick ? Forget this junk , dont let the kids see it but , do rent or buy the DVD of the original 2 seasons and find what this movie lost .
 The amount of time I 'm going to spend reviewing this movie is probably : -LRB- a. -RRB- the same amount of time that the producers spent on creating the obviously cheap CG graphics , a candidate for worst of the past decade . -LRB- b. -RRB- the same amount of time the writers spent on dialogue a large part of which is not appropriate for anyone under the age of 15 , and humor -LRB- 3 genuine funnies , the rest just potty/sex dummy humor -RRB- . -LRB- c. -RRB- the same amount of time the director spent thinking , resulting in stupid science interspersed throughout the movie -LRB- but adequate for anyone under the age of 9 in IQ years -RRB- . -LRB- d. -RRB- more time than the actors spent challenging themselves to do anything different from what they 've always done.Careless unthinking goofs
 I do n't know who these shill reviewers are writing for the studio . This was the worst film of the summer . I am a HUGE Land of the Lost fan and this was not what fans wanted . It was not what anyone wanted . It was sophomoric , crude , and indicative of all the grist mill garbage that is spewed out of Hollywood these days . With such a big budget and a loyal fan base this film should have been a great nod to the original show . Rather what we got was a nod to ridiculousness . The original show , if anyone cared to watch it , has some very intelligent plot lines and was quite creepy . Will Ferrell went through the intestines of a T-Rex . Comon?Any execs reading this ? The film was terrible . Hire some real writers next time to bring a serious version of this to the screen . This could have been the best thing since the Matrix . Unfortunately it was the worst thing in 20 years . Anyone who likes this film has lower than low standards .
 There were a few almost-good moments , so we kept watching even after the smut-meter went off the charts . Too many foul words , too much crude humor , and at times it did n't even make sense .
 I bought this Blu Ray thinking that it would be a good movie to watch in HD ... Will Farrell comedy with dinosaurs ... This has absolutely got to be the worst movie I have seen in the last 10 years or so . It lacked humor , a plot and anything remotely appealing . I was so disappointed that Will Farrell stouped this low to make a movie that was this bad . I am going to be taking it to Movie Stop and trading it in ... that is if they will even buy it .
 Will Has Overstayed His 15 Minutes Of Fame By 14 . . ! ... I Stopped Watching SNL Long Ago ... He 's One Of The Reasons Why ! ... Will 's In A Class All By Himself ... Unfortunatly It 's Kindergarden . . ! ... This `` Film '' Belongs In The Buck Bin At The Box Store . . ! . Avoid This Pox On The Planet ! . . The Grande Kazoo Has Spoken !
 This is without a doubt the worst remake / `` homage '' of anything I 've ever seen . It 's not even funny on it 's own merits . The only decent thing in the movie were the Sleestak , who actually look very menacing . Outside of that single scene where the Sleestak horde menace the group , this movie has absolutely nothing to offer .
 Will Ferrell has been in some hilariously wonderful movies . Elf , Talladega Nights , Blades of Glory ... but this movie is NOT one of them . It was just ... holy mother of god ! Yes , this movie was supposed to be funny ... but it failed on pretty much every level . The acting is awful and so is the writing . The only reason I saw this was because it was playing on TV several nights ago , and I am glad I did not pay to see it .
 The original series was a cool Saturday morning sci-fi show that the whole family could enjoy . This movie is a wasteland of bathroom humor , sexual jokes with even an `` F-bomb '' thrown in . Sid and Marty Croft should be ashamed of themselves . I am so happy that this movie was the worst bomb of the year ! FYI , I have no problem with adult humor , but I do have a problem with them taking kids shows and converting them to fart and sex comedy fests .
 Fact # 1
 Some of the other movies Will Ferrell made were funny . This movie was not funny , but really silly . The plot was OK , and the acting was good . Will Ferrell invents a tachyon gadget and ends up in the parallel universe with dinosours and other creatures -LRB- looked like they were humans wearing cheap green costumes -RRB- . A few of the one liners were funny , but not enough to save this movie.I give it a thumbs down .
 Where to begin ? Let me start with some pithy one-word descriptions
 I watched the remake series of Land of the Lost when I was a kid and loved the series , and later I watched the original as reruns on tv land . They were both great , adventurous , entertaining shows . This movie is horrible . It simply makes fun of the stories that were these great shows . I knew the moment I saw the advertisments for this movie that it was going to be bad . Especially when it was announced that it would star Will Farrel . At that point I knew that this movie was going to be nothing more than stupid jokes aimed at making fun of the original shows.So glad I avoided going to see this in the theater .
 I have seen many movies , and I am a huge Will Ferrel fan.Will got paid too much in this `` piece of c -- p '' movie . There was n't any plot . The story was all over the place . They threw in some dinosaurs , and a pool scene . Why sit around and watch junk , you will thank me later that you passed this stupid movie up . If you want to see Will in the only good movie he has made . See Stranger Than Fiction . Even his most recent movie was a flop . I consider a flop when you experience `` forced laughter '' . The recent movie I am mantioning is The Other Guys . take care and happy viewing .
 Short Attention Span Summary -LRB- SASS -RRB- :1 . Bad dialogue2 . Bad acting3 . Bad script4 . Bad movie - bad , bad movie!Need I say more?Ferrell and company lamely limp their way through this uninspired big screen version of a seventies ' TV series.So horrid are the dialogue and plot that this movie makes Brendan Fraser 's `` Journey to the Center of the Earth '' look like a National Geographic special.The end result of watching this tale of a time-warp - adventure-gone-stupid is a splitting headache from trying to keep your eyebrows in your head.This is one that should remain lost.Amanda Richards , September 19 , 2009
 Hollywood studios know about the research linking on-screen tobacco imagery with youth smoking rates , yet they continue to produce G , PG and PG-13 movies that promote smoking ! That includes this summer 's Land of the Lost , a Universal film that was heavily marketed to children . Numerous tobacco images in the PG-13 film have resulted in as many as 125 million impressions.Land of the Lost IS THE WORST!This movie gives the classic 1970s ' A BAD NAME!Please BAN the Movie !
 How dare any of you on here praise this trash . I hope EVERYONE involved in this awtrocity gets severe intestinal gas.These losers took a BELOVED Saturday morning cartoon with MORALS and VALUES and turned it into degenerate TRASH . Thank you CLUELESS Hollywood libtards for yet MORE smut and filth.Raunchy , awful language with sexual/gay references . I am NOT a liberal and nor do I apologize for my truthful words here . This is a prime example of what is wrong with America .10 thumbs down and negative 5 trillion stars.UTTER Garbage.And WHO was that nasty thing playing Holly ??
 Some of Will Ferrell 's work I enjoy , and I hoped to enjoy this movie as well . Sorry . It failed miserably to keep up with the hype of the trailers . Juvenile in imagination , and jerky , at best , in plot movement -LRB- was there really any coherent plot ?!? -RRB- , it was a big disappointment . Might be pretty good to keep over-active 6 to 10 year olds occupied for the duration .
 Do n't bother . This movie makes no sense . And not in a good way , like Anchorman . What 's with the 1960 's Star Trek villain ? What was the budget for this P.O.S. ?
 Gag-reel type out-loud laffs abound , with second-grade humour . Not one of Wills better movies - this one will have you farting and giggling - or both - throughout
 I was hoping this movie was going to be more than just a spoof of the original show . It seems most of these classic shows are sadly spoofed instead the could have made a good sci-fi film rather than a so-so comedy . The movie was filled mostly with slap-stick comedy and sexual inuendos hardly bringing credit to the original show . It was more about seeing how funny Will Ferral can be again rather than how good of a story could have been made . I knew this would be the case so is why I waited so long to rent it . Its a shame as they could have done so much better and paid greater homage to a classic that many liked watching every Saturday morning as kids .
 There is something about Hollywood 's relentless drive to take any old script from a somewhat serious 70 's children 's show and turn it into a comedy . Gosh knows why . Lack of imagination ? Lack of drive ? I mean , if you really took the effort to take a show like the land of the lost and make it into a serious movie it would certainly generate lots of money for those who grew up in that era and would watch it purely for the nostalgia . Sigh , anyway , Hollywood has their own version of mathematics
 If you 're a fan of the 70s TV showLand of the Lost , you will definitely want to steer clear of this bomb . Without a plot and trying to force the comedy down our throats , this newly reinvented LAND OF THE LOST is a complete disaster . Yes , even with the much improved CGI effects.The film tries to pull in fans of the original by sucking the cast into a time vortex , similar to how Marshall , Will and Holly were in the original . But instead of being scientifically interesting -LRB- if outdated and impossible -RRB- , this time we get some serious low-brow comedy that misses almost every mark.Those of you out there who also are not fans of Will Ferrell -LRB- Talladega Nights -RRB- will want to avoid this film like the plague . He 's in full-on childish mode , getting more groans than laughs -LRB- trying to make out with a proto-human while high on a hallucinogenic ? Yes . Those kind of antics ! -RRB- . And he 's in the lead role as Dr. Rick Marshall , so he 's on screen in just about every shot.His supporting cast are just as lame as he , unfortunately . Anna Friel stars as Holly , and her interactions and supposed romantic attraction to Ferrell 's Marshall character are probably what 'll give most of you a good laugh . It 's so unrealistic you 'll wish that she 'd disappear down another vortex.The more unfortunate cast member , Danny McBride -LRB- Tropic Thunder -RRB- as Will Stanton , the owner of an extremely destitute theme park ride , plays the fool more often than Ferrell 's character , and not in a good way -LRB- is there one ? -RRB- . Which is too bad , really , as I like McBride in Tropic Thunder and SUPERBAD.There 's not much here to enjoy -LRB- in case you did n't notice my review rating -RRB- . More groans than laughs . More childish than adult fun . You might want to run away from this one as if a T-Rex were after YOU .
 This was the worst movie I have ever watched . I did not even finish watching it because it was so bad . If I could have given this movie 0 -LRB- or less -RRB- stars I would . There is so much crude , stupid so called `` humor '' that was not even funny and was very offensive . The plot was dumb and it did not even follow the original series at all . I would not recommend this movie to anyone .
 I was a childhood fan of the original series back in the 70s . It was campy , fun and an innocent tv show for kids . This movie made a mockery of the series . It seems like every `` TV-Based '' movie lately has modern day humor such as poop , fart , urine and sex jokes . The Land of the Lost movie was no exception . I do n't ever remember Will talking Rick Marshall into kissing Chaka or Will 's mouth next to Chaka 's groin while they sleep.And the movie industry is wondering WHY most of the movie theater seats are empty these days . It 's constant sex humor . It 's just not funny.They should 've kept it retro and keeping the 3 characters a family just like the series . But no ! They have to have Rick and Holly fall in love at the end JUST LIKE A MILLION OTHER MOVIES!Shame on Sid & Marty Krofft for allowing this movie to be made this way . I know their names were stamped on it as producers but they sold themselves out to the movie studio because I 'm sure the studio pressured them to make the move this way .
 No ... If your intention was to make an absolutely HORRIBLE movie based on a 70s Sat morn kids show , then Land of the Lost is what you 'd get . Just brutally HORRIBLE ! Of course , with Will Ferrell and Danny McBride onboard you know there will be some funny moments . But they are FEW and FAR BETWEEN . Surprisingly , this script was so POORLY written that even most of the crude humor was unfunny ... And that 's something that 's pretty hard to screw up ! Will Ferrell dousing himself with dinosaur urine after standing under a `` dino dong '' to collect it ?!? Will daring Marshall and Chaka to `` french kiss '' ?!? Two sleestak guards having sex ?!? I do n't know WTH the writers were smokin when they penned this one , but I bet it 's nick-named something along the lines of `` Career-Killer '' ... I 'm also pretty shocked that THIS kind of stuff now passes as PG-13 when it 's chock full of R material . This is NOT a kids ' Sat morning show movie . It 's a disjointed , rambling , even confusing movie that all-too-often reverts back to crude toilet humor when the plot stalls ... Which is basically every few minutes . If you have kids , you 'll be telling them to cover their ears and close their eyes with some regularity , which I find particularly offensive given the fact that they 're making a buck based on an old KIDS tv show . Land of the Lost sets a new standard for modern day Hollywood `` F-em if they ca n't take a joke '' writers and producers ... And by standard I mean a new LOW.There is nothing redeeming about this movie ... It 's not for kids ... It 's not for adults who used to watch the show as kids ... It 's not funny ... It 's simply another bizarre WASTE of acting talent and film negative . Truly sad and pathetic ...
 But this movie was BAD ! I loved Land of the Lost when I was a young , easy to please youth but if this movie was meant to duplicate that series or even to mock it in a funny way ; then it was a poor job . I even finished watching it , forcing myself to do so like a child forcing down their vegetables . I feel two regrets as of this moment . 1 . -RRB- I hate to give such a rotten review to a movie whose star actor is someone I admire . 2 . -RRB- I wish that I was n't one of those people that believed in `` Just say No '' , because I really think that I would have enjoyed it while under the influence .
 I love Will Farrell but the director did n't do him any favors with lame acting ! The story sucked , the acting was lame ... they paid him 20 + million for what?Don ' t waste your time or money on this one .
 Right around the turn of the century it became very fashionable to mine the nostalgia of the latest crop of people who are now adults with paying jobs - Gen X , basically . The truth is that many of the pop culture artifacts that have seeped into our consciousness earned their place not by being very good but by being very repetitive . There are many , many shows I watched not because I was interested in them but because you could n't swing a television remote without catching Happy Days , The Brady Bunch , The Love Boat , Fantasy Island , etc. . If you were a kid on a Saturday morning , this meant you could n't avoid Land of the Lost.Land of the Lost was never very good , but it did n't matter to me
 If any film deserves a ZERO , it would be this one . Its uncertain what `` genius '' thought turning the Land of the Lost kids show into a comedy was a good idea . The premise was ripe for a good action-adventure . Instead , Hollywood gave us a comedy based on a script that seems to have been written by a couple of 12 year olds . If you 're a legal adult , you 're about five years above the most clever bits of humor . The rest is just pathetic . In fact , its worse.The visual effects and acting are both adequate but haphazad . Those are truly the only positives you can say about this film . I saw a couple reviews saying you have to `` open your mind '' to enjoy this film . I 'd say that you have to open it with a chain saw and let your brains spill on the floor because this film is simply bad , bad , bad !
 Is Will Ferrell intentionally trying to become the next Adam Sandler ? I thought watching the original series again 35 + years later was a sobering experience ... I was wrong .
 The Good
 If you are a fan of the original TV series you will be sorely disappointed . This movie bears little resemblance to the TV show other than character names and some sleestak . If you are not familiar with the TV series and have no expectations then you might find it mildly entertaining if you have a `` simple '' sense of humor . But anyone with more than half a brain is likely to consider this movie really dumb .
 Horrible , stupid , its Will Ferril 's best yet ! This was the DUMBEST movie we have EVER seen -LRB- even worse than Freedom State -RRB- !!! Do n't waste your money ! Will Ferril is an amazingly stupid actor . If you have a brain the size of a walnut you will enjoy this movie ! -LRB- If your brain is any bigger please do not watch , it will destroy your brain cells -RRB- My IQ is now 60 ... it used to be 125 .
 Remember when Will Ferrel used to be funny ? I do . What happened ? Will he just agree to do any movie that comes his way no matter how witless it is ? This movie is a dog . All of the humor is crude and unimaginative , and if you were ever a fan of the original series , you will likely be turned off by this dull `` comedic '' reinvention of the Saturday morning classic . Glad I got this movie from the library so I did n't pay anything to watch it . Skip this one for something worthwhile - unless you 're into comedies that are n't funny . In that case , you wo n't be disappointed , as I was .
 This is the worst movie you will ever watch ... no plot , no story , terrible casting and nothing to do with the original series . Ugh . It sucks .
 Well I guess I did n't expect much from a film based on a low budget Saturday morning TV show , but this has got to be Ferrell 's worst film to date . Sure the effects look pretty good with some nice dinosaurs and the Sleestaks , but the jokes that work are few and far between . If not for Ferrell , I do n't think I would have laughed at all . Not only is the film bland , but it does n't even know who its audience is , with some jokes that are very juvenile and others that are crude and may not be suitable for younger viewers . I 'm not saying its unwatch-able , but there are so many better films out there than this boring turd . I did n't expect much , but with Will Ferrell I at least expect to laugh !
 Easily one of the worst movies I 've seen . Will Farrell has n't made any good pictures yet , but this project is bad even for him . I feel sorry for any kid who thinks this is any good , and feel awful for a parent who has to watch it .
 Awful , unbelievably stupid , boring movie . The kind that makes you think about hitting the Stop button after 5 minutes , and end up doing it after 15 ... Do n't be misled by those enthusiastic critics . This is definitely a complete and frustrating waste of money .
 There are a lot of funny moments in this film but none of them belong to Will Farrell . I wanted to like the film and to like him , but he just was n't funny . Watch the action going on all around him , instead and you will have some laughs . This could have been a good movie but it was too much about Will Farrell being certain that he 's funny and stopping the movie to prove it to us ... over and over and over .
 Has enough funny parts to keep you interested and before you know it the movies over .
 Thank God it was free . If I had to pay to see this movie , it would be like flushing your money down the commode . Although it is Will Ferrel 's better movies , it does not reach the level of being a real funny movie . My suggestion is , just borrow it from somebody rather than spending your well earned money on a almost totally worthless movie . It will probably be in the bargain bin at Walmart . Two thumbs down and one star on Amazon from me .
 OK , I was looking forward to this movie , because I just love Will Ferrell . But this movie is plain and simple stupid , boring and so not funny . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Having been a HUGE fan of the original series was really looking forward to this movie , what a letdown , this movie was horrible , and certainly not for kids . What a shame because i was hoping it would be good so that they would roll out toys and merchandise , but it was n't the case , have yet to speak to anyone who liked this movie .
 Rented it for my grandson . It is stupid . Would never watch it again . Not a will Farrell fan anyway and this movie is one of the reasons .
 I 'm not sure who the makers were trying to impress with this sad excuse of a movieMy review title sums it up
 Richard Brooks adaptation of Joseph Conrad 's fascinating work Lord Jim , was received in 1965 to mixed reviews.The movie is an attempt at recasting Conrad 's work in the action adventure genre . What is perhaps one of the most compelling works of character in English literature losses its power in the process . What it then becomes is lavishly told , ploddingly paced action adventure fare . And in this category it suffers greatly by comparison to the more recent Indiana Jones series of movies.The novel presents numerous challenges to the lead actor and director
 I saw this film , but did n't watch it ; I was too busy marking the wild and incomprehensible mangling of the book 's ideas and characters.I should 've been clued in to the direction the movie was taking when Brooks displays Jim 's romanticism early on by showing the equivalent of a cinematic thought balloon
 This movie was the worst . Do n't get me wrong . I have liked other movies in the past that have starred SNL actors like Tommy Boy and Happy Gilmore . But this was a waste . A huge waste . The funniest part is when he does a dolphin swim in the pond and that whole scene is on the commercial . Do n't see this movie .
 My son -LRB- age 13 -RRB- had heard this was a good movie , so I took him . We both felt that the time would have been better spent poking sharp sticks under our fingernails . It is insulting that Hollywood thinks so little of the time and money we spend on entertainment that they would stick something as empty and dumb into the theaters .
 It 's a sad day when a movie makes `` Deuce Bigolo Male Gigolo '' seem like a Shakespearean play , but `` The Animal '' accomplishes that very quickly . Marvin Mange -LRB- Rob Schneider -RRB- , a sort-of cop gets into an accident and is put back together with the innards of various animals . This seems like an extremely insane idea especially when it is considered that when given any new organ , large doses of medication are recieved by the patient and sometimes the body does not even accept the new organ . The reason that recieving animal body parts works in this movie is that it is stupid . It also makes no sense that he should inherit all of the attributes given to each animal . This movie feels like an extended SNL skit . Maybe the film would be funnier if it was cut into many pieces and shown on SNL but it was n't . Even with the popularity of Adam Sandler who produced it , this movie could only open at number three in the box office . This movie can not be considered to be a film but just a dumb movie . Total waste of time and money .
 I really did n't care for this movie . I 'm glad I did n't actually have to pay for it .
 The Animal is a painfully bad movie that I happened to watch last night on tv . Rob Schneider stars in this travesty of a movie . The plot is a joke and most have been written in a drunken stupor since it makes no sense . The jokes are lame and the plot is meaningless . The movie is 84 minutes long but it feels like one is watching it for hours on end and I feel like I wasted 84 minutes of my life . 1/5 .
 All the too many sub-plots of this movie do not fit together . It 's just like the director and writer tries to do anything to get to stupid jokes they can think of . Not worth wasting your time on .
 Unfunny and only for people with wild humor , or on drugs.This is definitely a Rob Schneider movie however , since all the gross out humor is right down his cat alley . The animals are n't funny , the script is n't funny , and even Ed Asner is not funny , which makes this , you guessed it , an unfunny movie . For a room full of 15 year olds only , but I think they might have better things to do besides this .
 Marvin Mange is a lowly , unhealthy loser who works as a file clerk at a police station . He 's constantly picked on by senior citizens , obese people , andDr . Cox ; he also has the tendency to lose his bowels , which at one point he tooted in front of future girl-toy , a tree-hugger named Rianna . When he received a distress call , he drove to the scenic route until a swerve got him flying across the bottom of the mountain , crashing into rocks along the way . Although that should 've killed him on the first collision , he just got comedically knocked out after several . He was then discovered by a mad scientist that implanted him animal parts to make him into a superbeing
 If you did n't throughly understand my headline let me reiterate ... THIS MOVIE IS AWFUL!Propbably one of the worst movies I 've ever seen ! I did n't even laugh once ! The jokes are dumb , and the comedic timing is so off its sad . AND THE ENDING IS SOOOOOOO STUPID ! This is probably Rob Schneider 's worst film by far . Painful to watch !
 One might say that I 'm being overcompitent by slap bagging the limp and distgruntled THE ANIMAL with a low one star rating . What is rendered for the film is what the film receives . It does n't expect anything more than over-blown pesky crud for itself . Why should the audience capitulate to the nonsense as well , and take part in upraising this below-the-belt butt scratcher ? Everyone sustaining this film complains that the film is `` stupid-funny '' . One ` half-chuckle ' was all that slipped from my mouth . This film , in my opinion , is suitable to be known as just plain stupid.Rob Schneider plays a nerd evidence investigator who 's low life living , and under-achieved dreams are suddenly shaken after he takes a crash down a steep hill , and nearly dies . After being found unconscience , a maniac doc figues that the only way to save his life is to put animal organs in him which include
 its a comedy with a hot gunbarrell pointed to your head begging for a good shot , this is what it was like fot me , good awful and my head hurt . though the funniest part is when he slaps the goat on the ass and it kicks his back , but otherwise , ahhhhhhh , -LRB- click -RRB- ... -LRB- gunshot -RRB- . . no more please . horrible acting and Colleen Haskell -LRB- Survivor -RRB- is cute but doesnt cut the fact that theres no story to this one . bury me now .
 IT IS REALLY SHORT . AND THERE IS NO POINT IN THE MOVIE.DON ' T SEE IT . IT IS THE 4TH WORST MOVIE I EVER SAW .
 This film is bad!I saw it on the first night it came out , and boy was it a waste of money!The film is about a guy training to be a cop but he never passes the test.Shortly after words he has a car accident . He is found by a strange doctor who replaces his damaged body parts with animal body parts , causing him to act in different ways.I am a fan of Rob Schneider but this just was not good.If you go see this film I wish you good luck.Later .
 Really , really , really , really awful .
 When Marvin Mange is involved in a fatal car accident , he is brought back to life as half man half animal . With his newly formed animal features , we are expected to laugh at the gags that happen as a result . But all these gags do is attempt to make the viewer less intelligent . This film heavily relies on toilet humour and it 's target audience seems to be aimed at younger kids . Are adults really expected to laugh at this low class humour ? If we do , we should be ashamed of ourselves!Utter tripe .
 Do n't rent this DVD and certainly DO N'T BUY IT ! Animal is terrible . The Movie has no point at all , plus is n't even funny . Do n't touch this movie . Horrible , pitifull . It deserves a half a star !
 The Animal is not an unimpressive movie due to the fact that it appeals to a low denominator , or because it is silly . It does n't pretend otherwise , so you can not hold that against it.What is bad about the Animal is its almost complete lack of humor . It is pure silliness . I can not say that I even snickered once . You may find it hard to believe that I thought Schnieder 's last movie ` Duece Bigalow ' was hilarious . I could n't stop laughing . So I went to see the Animal with high hopes , but my expectations were never met . Rob Schnieder clearly has the role of ner do well doofus down pat . But the Animal simply fails to deliver . While Colleen Haskell is a welcome prescence , she does n't save the movie from being a complete waste . Thumbs down .
 I have enjoyed his other movie , the Deuce Bigalow , but this one , the Animal , was slightly dissapointing to me . Especially one thing , the car accident , was too unrealistic . Some slapstick-type situations were very funny and in genereal I was laugihnig from time to time . I was really upset by the Regional Coding Enhancement protection on this dvd , because of which I could not watch it on my US-bought Apex 600 dvd and I had to use pc-dvd player . Shame on the distributoor ! Is this a way to fight piracy ? For me it is just a turn-off .
 Rob Schneider is okay , but let me make this perefectly clear , I do not like movies with monkeys in them . Collen Haskell is in her first film . She was a CBS SURVIVOR contestant on the very first SURVIVOR show . She did not win , but she did get the role with Rob Schneider in this film . With a good fresh face and a refreshing innocence about her , we can see why she was cast.Rob Schneider was a player on NBC 's Saturday Night Live in 1990-94 . Norm Macdonald was a player on NBC 's Saturday Night Live in 1993-98 . Norm plays a hunter in this film.Instead of this film , watch AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . Adam Sandler was one of the Executive Producers on this one . That should tell you something.DVD includes two audio commentaries , a 21-minute Comedy Central Network program on the making of `` The Animal '' . In `` Special Features '' , `` Badger Delivery '' , turn on this feature for cutting-room floor deleted scenes to appear when you click on the icon during the film .
 Once again , here comes another stinker starring Terrance Howard . Was he behind on the mortgage or what ? Terrance Howard and Ving Rhames are too talented for this . The thug gone straight routine is getting kind of monotonous . Why ca n't writers come up with something more original . With the downright horrible storyline and camcorder-like film , no wonder this mess went straight to DVD !!
 this movie was truley reched ... it wasnt funny and appeared to tr ytto use rob Scnhied playing with other animals falas 's to get laughs out ... however this was sad attempt and humor , they sued depections of hairy buttocks and horrses Love tackle to try to get laughs out of us ... and when rob went and made sweet lvoe to a orangetan it juist showed how awfulit was 1 star for the falsas and 1 star for him boning a monkey
 Let me start out by saying that this movie had me locked all the way through . I was never bored and I thought the performances were well done . But the thing that made the movie a four star movie for me AT FIRST was the Willie Lynch lesson I got from it . Being an African American -LRB- by the way , how come we 're the only Americans required to state our mother land before American . But anyway -RRB- I felt something bitter inside of me stirring at the thought of some master plan laid out long ago to control my community . But of course once the movie was over I did some research . It did n't take long for the movie to drop down to two stars ... better yet , MAKE THAT ONE STAR , VING ! For those of you looking to blame some stupid white guy for the current plight of the black community , I got some bad news for ya ... WILLIE LYNCH NEVER EXISTED AND NEITHER DID HIS LETTERS UNTIL THE EARLY 1990 's and only on the internet ! Shame on you , Ving , for such an obvious lack of effort seperating historical fact from urban legend . Black people , you can go on back to fighting each other now . We 'll just have to figure out why later . Maybe when one of the other races of the world figure out why they fight with each other , perhaps we can learn from them .
 I saw this is the movies a few years ago and this is what I have to say about it : I was having a really bad day . I wanted to see this `` Hilarious hit '' everyone was talking about . I realized that this was n't playing anymore in the big theatres , so I went to this low budget old theatre right next to the big one . The carpet was wet , -LRB- ... -RRB- and there were absolutely nobody there to take you 're tickets or anything . It was practically free . So when I sat down and watched the movie , I wanted to leave so so badly because it was just horrible.The jokes are stupid , Rob scheinder is just a terrible actor , I think . Same thing with his `` Hot chick '' movie . But what really I hated about this was the ending . I DO N'T WANT AN ENDING LIKE THAT ! DO NOT but this movie ! It is the worst thing money can truly buy .
 Comedies may be the hardest kind of movies to review because there is no type of humor that is funny to everyone . Even among a particular type , there is not universal agreement as to what 's funny and what 's not . Take slapstick , or physical , humor , which is what The Animal uses . I am in the group that is most amused by seeing witty , bright and/or sophisticated characters trip , fall or otherwise embarrass themselves . Another group most enjoys seeing clumsy and/or dimwitted people doing what they do best . I do n't think either group is right or wrong . It 's a matter of personal taste , and it 's those who enjoy seeing idiots doing idiotic things who will most enjoy The Animal.Rob Schneider plays Marvin , a hopelessly inept guy who works in the evidence room of the local police department . He has become a laughing stock among most of his coworkers because he has tried and failed a half dozen times to become a real policeman . One afternoon , the entire force goes off to play softball , leaving Marvin to watch the station . When a call about a robbery in progress comes in , no one at the game responds to Marvin 's radio call . He goes off in his car to aid the victim , but he never makes in . In an inspired bit of slapstick , he veers off the road to avoid hitting a trained seal . A screaming Marvin is trapped in the car as it rolls down an embankment . When if finally stops , Marvin tells himself that was n't so bad , but then the vehicle slips over the edge and rolls and rolls some more . It comes to its finally resting place , Marvin breaths a sigh of relief , and suddenly , a huge boulder rolls over it . Marvin then dreams he is on an operating table in a weird hospital . It turns out he has been operated on by a mad doctor who has repaired him by using animal parts . It is n't long before the hapless Marvin finds himself behaving like a horse , a dog , a goat , and even a beaver . This problem leads to a myriad of sight gags and one-liners . Since these involve animal behavior , you can easily figure out what comic level they are one.Rob Schneider is what he is , and he delivers the material his fans expect . His fan base comes from his stint on Saturday Night Live . He built on this by appearing is nearly all of Adam Sandler 's movies . Not coincidentally , Mr. Sandler was an executive producer on The Animal , as well as on Schneider 's 1999 hit , Deuce Bigelow.While this is not my brand of comedy , I must admit that it has its moments . Schneider certainly tries hard . The Animal is also much gentler and sweeter than most comedies this year . Even if you do n't much like its hero , it 's hard not to feel a little empathy for such a nice guy .
 I love Rob Schneider , but I really didnt find this film that funny . There were so many overused comedy cliches that it was boring to watch - especially the `` angry black man '' thing . I think thats been beaten to death already ! Also the `` farmyard animal love '' thing is tired . It just wasnt that funny ! I heard really no one laughing through the whole movie . I thought perhaps the theater was half empty and thats why , -LRB- you know when you sit near the front how you cant tell how many people are in the theater ! -RRB- , but when the film ended , I turned around and noticed the theater was abut 75 % full ! Colleen wasnt too bad , though luckily she didnt have too many lines because her acting obviously hasnt developed yet , this being her first film . There also was no plot until the last 10 minutes of the film ... its just Rob running around from here to there filling in time trying to be funny -LRB- sadly , it didnt work -RRB- . Lastly , Rob Schnieder is simply the wrong person to play this role . Someone with more comical physical dexterity like Jim Carrey should have played this role . I suppose SNL or Rob Schneider die-hards will like it , everyone else should wait for the 1.50 shows or the video release . Rob , I love ya , but this film really didnt do anything for me . Sorry !
 When i first saw the preview for `` The Animal '' , i was wondering if the movie would have been better if it were rated PG and aimed for a younger audience . This movie did have the plot of a Disney film , and it would have probably been a hit for the 5-10 age range if not for the crude jokes.In `` The Animal '' , Marvin Mange , played by Rob Schneider , is a police file clerk who is aspiring to be a cop to fufil the dreams of his deceased father , but , as hard as he tries , ca n't pass the police physical exam -LRB- even after taking it 4 times -RRB- . Marvin , to put it simply , is a big loser that gets no respect in life . This changes after he is terribly maimed in a near-fatal car crash and is rebuilt with animal parts by a mysterious doctor . After this incident , Mange discovers that he has superhuman abilites which he uses to fight crime , and he is finally accepted on the police force . The only problem is that there is a side-effect with his new-found powers ; Mange must control his overwhelming animal urges -LRB- sex drive , hunger , and bodily functions , to name a few -RRB- . This movie wans ' t much on plot , but the crude humor and silliness of this film gives you a couple of good laughs and something to talk about for a while . `` The Animal '' is n't going into my Funny Movie Hall of Fame , but i enjoyed watching it .
 I made the unfortunate error of renting this piece of trash of a movie . I was able to watch exactly 43 minutes and 21 seconds before I had to turn it off -- and the only reason I watched that long was because I wanted to see just how stupid it could get . It gets pretty stupid . Everything about this movie is stupid , the plot , the over - ` acting ' , the script , etc. . . I can not believe these people allowed their good names to be associated with this film . Here 's to hoping to see Rob `` Oscar Bait '' Schneider in a better movie soon !!! PS If you are 8-13 , you might find the potty humor in this movie funny .
 I 've told you in a previous review why I 've rated this movie a 2 . I 'm in the middle . I liked it in the sense it had Colleen Haskell of course . But it did n't show her for the good-natured person she is -LRB- well for the last half anyways -RRB- . She plays Rianna Huntingville Holmes , an animal shelter employee that spends a year in a tree so she can eventually save it . She first meets Marvin -LRB- unfortunately Rob Schneider -RRB- in a bathroom -LRB- the girls ' room was too crowded -RRB- Marvin gets off to a bad start because he farts -LRB- that word is so childish . lol . -RRB- and he does n't know she was in there . Rianna first labels Marvin as the `` Fart Guy , '' but then starts to fall for him because she senses he 's like one of her animals . She explains -LRB- or tries to to Marvin , currently wrestling an orangutan -RRB- that she prefers animals over people . Anyways if your sick of hearing me ramble on and on , then basically what happens later was kind of uncalled for . If you saw it , of course you know what I 'm talking about . I 'm a thirteen-year-old girl and I do n't even think it 's funny !
 Format
 Ouch , incredibly poor chopsocky film with some pretty poor acting . Lots of hitting but that 's about it . Save your eyes .
 This movie appears to be a collection of made-for-TV episodes with very poor editing . There appears to be some scenes missing . For instance , in one scene , the two brothers were fighting outside an old mansion at night . The scene ended with one brother choking the other brother lying on the ground . We do n't know what happened next because the next fight scene was a fight sequence on a hill top where the main character was fighting with a masked man in broad daylight . Where is the intermediate scene between the mansion and the hilltop ? At the end , the two brothers fought together against the soldiers on top of a wooden tower and the movie ended abruptly with the collapse of the tower . The movie did not show what happened to them , or to the emperor or the bald guy or whether the brothers succeeded in avenging the murder of their family members . The ending is so abrupt that it is as if the director and producer got tired of making the movie that they just decided to give up and quit . I felt cheated paying to watch this movie . This bad production is typical of old Chinese B movies and it is disappointing to see such movies still being churned out in this time and age .
 `` We crushed the 10 major martial arts schools , no one will dare oppose us now . '' Years after his family is killed Zhang -LRB- Tse -RRB- finally finds who he has been looking for , the murderer . The only problem is that it is his brother who he must defeat in order to get to him . Not being a huge fan of martial arts type movies I did think that this one looked good in the preview . What I found was a very low budget movie that was not that enjoyable . I will say that of the ones that I have seen have Jet Li and Jackie Chan in them , and the quality of action between them and the lesser known actors is huge . The choreography is very poor , and looks just short of what a school play would be like . The movie did have some pretty cheesy parts but the story was good . The only problem is that the bad action takes away from the story , it may have been better if the left the fighting out actually . Also , I do n't usually comment on the technical aspects of the DVD , like camera work etc. . . but the dubbing -LRB- I watched the original Chinese version -RRB- was so bad that the mouths did n't match the sounds . I can understand if they are off in the english dubbing , but not the original . It was almost so bad that you found yourself thinking about that instead of the movie . I do n't know if it says more about the sound or the movie itself . Overall , maybe hardcore martial arts fans will like this . I did not . I say C.Would I watch again ? - No I wo n't * Also try - Warrior 's Way & Fearless
 I dont do reviews I let people decide what they like and dont like , but this movie is so bad -LRB- and I 'll watch a bad movie if it entertains me -RRB- it pissed me off . I watched the whole thing when I realized Yuen Biao was in it -LRB- for all of 2 minutes . -RRB- I cant add anything that has n't already been said . One star is still to high , I would give it a minus 5 if i could . Watch at your on peril you have been warned
 The movie opens with some `` defy the laws of physics '' type of fighting , which I enjoy . It seems the Emperor wants to destroy all martial art fighting schools so he can reign supreme without fear of uprisings . The movie jumps 15 years ahead as a man tries to kill the Emperor . He is eventually captured placed in confinement , gets out , almost gets killed , gets better , gets arrows in both arms and can still fight 4 ninja warriors at once . He is helped and hindered by the Emperor 's daughter , who thinks she know who he is . The Emperor also has a son , who apparently was the son of one of the man he killed , but he does n't know that . He is also the brother of the would be assassin , who does know that . Got that?The dubbing into English at times was fine , but when they fought , the grunts almost seemed comical . The soundtrack at times was modern , but also resorts back to traditional Chinese style of music . It is a tough film to watch . I would recommend getting your ninja fix elsewhere . Do n't blame me , I warned you . Let me put it this way
 Whew I want an Hour and 32 minutes of my life back!By now we know that most english dubbing for martial arts movies are bad so we 've come to overlook it . However , from the way the movie ended , I think the producers ran out of film financing . oh where oh where do I start with the problems of this movie . -LRB- taking a deeeeeeep breath -RRB- The plot . Okay brothers torn apart from a young age who later find themselves at opposing ends of an assasination plot is compelling but it took wayyyyyy too long to get things going . The fighting was ok but even that got old quick . Now you know when the martial arts in a movie is no longer interesting it 's pretty much downhill from there.Also , the movie looks cheap in film quality . The film editor shouldve been fired for scenes that were either cut too long or too short . Note to Film editor
 Thank God I did n't pay more than $ 5.00 for it !!!! Saw the movie at WalMart for over $ 15.00 . The movie is not worth the money !!! Movie is very choppy -LRB- pun intended !! -RRB- , somewhat hard to follow , and cheesy . Looks good on the cover , but that is about it !! Save your money and buy something better made like Azumi -LRB- Part 1 & 2 -RRB- or 14 Blades !!
 - This movie looks exactly like a cheap TV show . Many of the sets look fake . - Some of the fighting scenes are good . Some are bad because of poor editing and filming . - The fighting scenes are non stop from the beginning of this film to the end . There 's no time for character development . For example , the 2 brothers fought against each other in many scenes . Each time , one of the brother had a chance to kill the other brother but he stopped it when seeing a big scar on that guy 's neck . Then the director did not give the characters time to investigate the scar further . He just showed the two fighting again and again in the following scenes . And then the same guy stopped the fighting when he saw the same scar again . It 's so silly that it 's boring . - In short , it 's a waste of money . I 'd rather watch Iron Monkey again .
 I thought it was a cheesy money-driven movie at most . The only way I could sit through it was because of the rare clips but any movie can have rare clips and that does n't make it good . This is `` Behind the Music '' treatment and the band had barely anything to do with it . This movie was talked about in the begining with much ambition in the fact that it was supposed to be featuring full - length live clips , unreleased interviews ect . The Who should be embarrassed . If someone showed this to me to get me into the band I do n't think it would do a very good job . I mean , it may be the gateway to TKAA do n't get me wrong , but I would surely not watch it again . I understand that there was n't very much money involved but they should n't have promised something brilliant and then release just another boring everyday documentary just because they want to make a few bucks before Christmas .
 I am a big fan of the Who and I will for sure someday purchase this DVD . Based upon reviews here , it promises to be very good.I have several other WHO-related DVD 's , -LRB- Kids ... Isle of Wight , etc. -RRB- The reason for the `` one-star '' is because I am protesting Pete Townshend 's constant sell-out of our precious Who songs for TeeVee show -LRB- a lyric from a Townshend song contains the line
 I was more than pleased with the Amazing Journey . I 've been a lifelong fan of the Who , and it was great to see their incredible story told with great interviews and amazing film footage.I really enjoyed the Quickies , in particular the ones on Pete and John.All rock fans should have a chance to see these two DVDs , because they really show what a fantastic band the Who was -LRB- and still is , although Keith and John can never be replaced -RRB- .
 A major pontification from 2007 about how safe nuclear energy is . I wonder what they 'd say post Fukushima . The US has plants subject to similar catastrophes . That kind of flies in the face of a lot of their analysis in this episode . In fact , seeing this post Fukushima makes them look pretty ridiculous . They 'd probably find some rationalization to rebut this , by interviewing the right industry spokesperson who will say Fukushima is exaggerated . Their general approach is to find somebody with credentials who agrees with them somebody without credentials who does n't , and then to call the latter person an obscene name . Hilarious when they 're right , and they often are , but shameful when they 're dead wrong , as is the case in this episode .
 I love this show , most of the time . But their extremely limited knowledge of the world sometimes screams loud and clear and never more so than in this episode . Did anybody notice that they talk about how great it is to have nations with such oppressive governments that we can happily exploit them for near slave labor , but they never delve into the history of how the situations in some of these nations came to be ? Why is there no episode about `` national security '' ? Among the most friendly of all nations for the US to export manufacturing to is Indonesia . Are these guys aware that the US overthrew their government in the 60 's , killing some 500,000 people in cold blood in a matter of weeks , to create such a business friendly place ? They scoff at `` socialism '' but never really go into any detail , it is clearly just like a religious sentiment to them . They are true believers . The fact is libertarianism is about as right wing as can be , in the form they love to praise . No criticism is seen about the lack of free flow of labor , just praise of the free flow of capital . The government intervenes in the foreign affairs of other countries to make investment friendly atmospheres . That 's the opposite of free markets , that 's the ultimate state control of business . And they see the end result and eulogize it . Most episodes of this show are awesome , but this one really puts their ignorance and arrogance on display . A shame , they should get it right , or add an episode on the real nature of ` national security ' or they should just stay way from such topics altogether .
 Ok , I assume I 'm going to get ripped for this review but here goes.The entire movie is basically one testimonial after another . My wife and I kept waiting for the `` data '' to be presented . It never came . We watched a parade of people telling us how great the Gerson Therapy is and at the end we still had no idea what the Gerson Therapy was.We got the impression that if we sent $ 39.99 somewhere we could find out.You get just enough info to ascertain it 's a juice and coffee enema diet . I guess I do n't need to know why puffing organic coffee up my butt is good for me or not.Never mind if the info presented is correct , never mind if it cures cancer or anything else because the info just is n't there . You do get tidbits of info such as over half the patients at a clinic in Japan are either cured or in remission after following the Gerson Therapy . This statistic is meaningless when you do n't put it in some sort of context.For example :1 . How many patients are cured ? 2 . How many are cured vs in remission ? 3 . What standard was used to determine `` cured '' ? 4 . What standard was used to determine `` in remission '' ? 5 . What sort of confounding variables might be at play ? I assume this regimen restricts calories , processed foods and by extension sugar intake . Since cancer cells lose the ability to reproduce aerobically and rely on anaerobic activity to reproduce , one could logically form the hypothesis that would allow you to ask the question , was this a confounding variable . Many others could also be raised.In fact , according to `` Overview of the Gerson Regimen '' . Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center . March 18 , 2009 . Updated April 22 , 2009 . Alt medical facilities have a poor track record of accounting for confounding variables and state the following when they tried to critique Gerson 's literature , `` A serious flaw in this study is its failure to control for additional variable therapies used by patients , and failure to specify any prior or concurrent conventional treatments used . `` 6 . Why have the people for the Gerson Therapy not applied for the NCI -LRB- National Cancer Institute -RRB- Best Case Series Program ? If they have and have been denied and they have complied with all NCI criteria , then they should be screaming about this . It should have been in this documentary . It should have been in 4 more documentaries . It should have been on there website , paid print , billboards and anywhere else you could write the words `` shafted by the system . '' It is n't , because I do n't think they have and I do n't believe they intend to.According to ^ `` Gerson Therapy Overview '' . National Cancer Institute . September 6 , 2007 . Updated April 22 , 2009 . The National Cancer Institute states , `` The NCI Best Case Series Program , which was started in 1991 , is one way Complementary and alternative medicine -LRB- CAM -RRB- approaches that are being used in practice are being investigated . The program is overseen by the NCI 's Office of Cancer Complementary and Alternative Medicine -LRB- OCCAM -RRB- . Health care professionals who offer alternative cancer therapies submit their patients ' medical records and related materials to OCCAM . OCCAM conducts a critical review of the materials and develops follow-up research strategies for approaches deemed to warrant NCI-initiated research . `` Worst case scenario they could fund there own double blind study and at least get the `` no published hard data '' monkey off their backs.At the end of the day , what anyone wants to know is this ; If one opted for the Gerson therapy would your odds of survival be greater than or less than that of traditional treatments ? The Gerson therapy does not have to bat .1000 but it does need to bat greater than something else . At the end of my day this documentary did nothing but parade a bunch of people at me , telling me a story that if true , God bless em ' . What I want to know is how many people ca n't tell me their stories because they did n't make it.These are questions that could be answered . These are questions that need to be answered . This is in no way a complete list of questions that should be answered . This documentary does not even ask these questions so if you 're looking for answers ... skip this one.I would like to conclude on a positive point lightly touched by this documentary.What is the true cause of cancer and most diseases in our society today?I think the film hit it dead center . Toxicity . When our bodies toxicity surpasses its ability to overcome that toxicity , I believe we begin to suffer all sorts of problems . Cancer and a whole host of other diseases is an acute manifestation of our body 's inability to regulate itself . Remove the factors that caused the toxicity and you give yourself a chance to heal . That may be one of the reasons why the Gerson therapy may or may not be effective.However , I ca n't tell from this documentary , it does n't go that deep .
 I am a huge consumer of fresh organic fruits and vegetables . I drink fresh-squeezed fruit and vegetable juices daily . I think there are many sensible reasons to pursue these food choices , including abundant nutrients , modest caloric intake , adds to liquid intake , impact on the environment , etc.However , the Gerson Therapy goes far , far beyond these sensible activities . It advocates a number of specific treatment options which I think most people would find odd
 This infomercial masquerading as a documentary gets 1 star for proving , beyond a shred of a doubt , that Netflix has some tweaking to do on their viewer rating prediction algorithm.Why else would it predict a 3-star rating for this film ? There has never been , nor will there ever be , even a micron of evidence supporting Gerson . The treatment simply does n't work . Not only that , it is dangerous -- coffee enemas are potentially lethal , as are the low sodium levels induced by this quack diet . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This film is kind of hokey at best and , at worst , a little deceptive and not terribly informative . The interviews are skewed and it is obvious that the film-maker has deceived the mainstream medical establishment interviewees into thinking that he is actually on their side , which is a little creepy . There are a lot of testimonials about the efficacy of the Gerson Therapy , which is really just a plant-based diet such as those advocated elsewhere , but little scientific evidence about why it works . In fact , the film tries to justify why it includes no scientific evidence by explaining that `` double-blind '' studies are not possible in this context . Not very helpful.There are several other films that explain the value of a plant-based diet much more clearly , with more scientific support and interviews with genuine experts -- especially `` Forks Over Knives . '' If you are looking to round out your understanding of plant-based diets and gain more expert knowledge about how and why they work , this is not the film for you . The Gerson Therapy may be very effective -LRB- although I do n't know about `` coffee enemas ! '' -RRB- , but the film does not do anything to counteract the idea that it is sheer quackery , and may actually set back the movement to encourage plant-based eating .
 I 've always been a Coogan fan but this was plain boring . I could n't even get through it . The jokes seemed straight out of the 1920 's .
 Being that I am a huge Alice Cooper fan , that was the only reason I rented this title . Being surrounded by stars like Malcolm McDowell & Iggy Pop , I expected this was going to be an awesome movie about a band that become vampires . I must say , I was actually looking forward to this , even being that I have had more then enough of these friggen vampire and zombie movies that infested the shelves over the past several years , but this one sounded decent enough to give it a try.So , a group of nobodies are in a band , the lead vocalist who is male sounds too feminine , and I knew the music was just going to be terrible from that first song they played . And by the end of the movie , yeah , it got no better at all , there was no decent music to be heard until the closing credits when an Alice Cooper song plays over it . The group end up getting a little recognition when their female bass player becomes a vampire and the bands popularity starts to buzz a little . Eventually just about everyone in the band become vampires , and they attempt to make it big , but along the way , they ca n't stop feeding on human blood and one has a conscious about murder and thinks it 's just not right , causing a bit of turmoil in the group.What happens in the end is up to you to find out if you want to know or not , see it , or do n't . I ca n't say you will kick yourself for ever passing this one by , but there are far worse movies out there , especially in the horror/comedy field . Why I give the movie only 2 stars is because , the start was n't all that captivating , and does n't really pick up till later in the movie , but then again , parts in between where very slow and boring , and you just do n't really care a lot of the times for why this and that is being shown . The end of the movie I thought was both dumb , and yet , cool at the same time . But at least Alice Cooper saved the very end from the movie going completely down the toilet . So I give it 2 stars , it 's not the worst thin I have ever seen , yet , now that I have seen it , I really have no desire to ever see it again , and it 's parts that lack in pace and where boring me , and on top of that , the fact it 's another damn vampire movie , I ca n't give it anything more then 2 and a half stars . Rental is my recommendation , but I ca n't see anyone wanting to own the movie because they liked it for reasons other then personal attractions/interests and enjoyments etc. . . but yeah , it 's not going to be a very memorable movie for years to come by anyone really other then fans of someone in this film , or perhaps you may have really enjoyed it for some reason?P.S
 Do n't waste your money . This movie Sucks . Iggy and Alice , are about the only redeeming qualities here . The only way this will ever be a cult classic , is if you are in a cult and your leader forces you to watch it .
 Im a huge Alice cooper fan & i saw this film thinking with all the cool people it would have to be good ? , dont be fooled this movie is totlay lame its about as scary as twilight and as fun as Buffy enough said .
 A film that features Iggy Pop , Alice Cooper , Moby , and Henry Rollins should have been a good buy.Starring the very sexy Jessica Par&eacute; as Jennifer this film is a massive disapointment ... if you 're a vampire film fan . Dimitri Coats is the vampire `` Queenie '' who 's make-up is some kind of throw-back to Queen of the Damned with Alice in Wonderland thrown-in . What started as a sensual vampire ` turningscene ended as a massive let-down . Jessica Par&eacute; is lead off by the vampire to be turned , she becomes mesmerised , but soon ends up in spasms in the middle of the floor and you never even see her bitten . Next she turns up to the rest of the band with odd couloured eyes and pale make-up and the band do n't think anything 's wrong.She has fangs and the first person she fees off she stabs with a plastic straw . If this works as comedy so be it , but as a vampire film it is just stupid
 This is supposed to be funny ? Talk about a slow burn that never followed thru . Horrible effects . Horrible script . Horrible jokes . Horrible movie . Where was the good music ? Wasnt in the version I saw . Pathetic `` Oh lets recreate famous album covers '' and was Moby supposed to be a take on GG Allin?This movie can eat dix . Avoid . Dont read the `` hype '' over this flick being great or good.This movie doesnt just SUCK it bites .
 From beggining to end i was wincing in pain about how unfunny and stupid the movie was . Maybe I do n't get it because i 'm not latino , but then again i find most latino comedians and actors very funny and entertaining , so it just must be this bag of crap .
 the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known Hollywood cliche in film making.I applaud the effort.the chicks in this Film are Happening Babes Fo SHO.but there ai n't much to the Film but it has some fun to it .
 Chasing Papi is another one of those embarassingly unfunny comedies that people seem to believe just the opposite . This `` film '' contains the ridiculous `` plot '' of a no-acting talent stud of a man who is involved with 3 women at the same time . They all find out and get mad and decide to get revenge . The film has no visual style at all , the situations terribly unbelievable , every joke UNFUNNY , and even at its short running time it gives that uneasy feeling in your stomach that you 'd rather be dead . Do n't rent this waste of time . Please , PLEASE do n't buy it . I work at a video store and I got to see it for free , and I would 've rather watched GIGLI .
 This is the worst film i 've seen in a long , long , long time . As i was sitting through this so called movie waitig for the credits to start , i found myself in mindnumbing agony . So i will not go in to the details of how stupid and just plain unfunny `` Chasing Papi '' actually is , because it would be just to painful -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- . I urge anybody who is considering to rent or even buy this `` movie '' not to do so . There are plenty of other stupit comedies out there that do n't make you whant to blow your brains out .
 This is just another proof that Latin American talent is ... in Latin America and not in The USA . Sofia Vergara and Eduardo Velastegui actors ??? The movie itself is nonsense , ridiculous , and plain dumb . Everything evolves around an average looking guy that the director tries to sell to the audience as the most handsome guy on earth , when again he is average ! It 's a shame that people from other cultures have to watch this and they may assume this is the best Latin America cinema has to offer . Want to watch a good Latin American movie ? Then ignore this one and go for `` Amores Perros '' , `` The Crime of Padre Amaro `` Ratas , rateros y ratones '' , or anything from Spain 's Almodovar such as `` Atame '' , `` Talk to Her -LRB- Hable con Ella -RRB- '' , `` All About my mother '' , etc. . Do yourself a favor and do n't watch this `` Chasing nothing '' as it lacks talent and credibility just as Ricky Martin and his quickly forgotten misinterpretation of Latin American music .
 do n't waste your money one of the worst movies I have ever seen no plot , vague story line , just terrible
 Linda Mendoza 's comedy Chasing Papi is light pleasant looking fun without a lot of substance . The film is interesting because it is an entirely Latino effort . The cast as well as the production crew are all Latin.The film follows the life of Thomas Fuentes who finds himself in love with three women in three different cities . There is CiCi the hot blooded Miami waitress who longs to be a dancer ; Lorena the Chicago lawyer who reads poetry and is uncertain of her attractiveness and Patricia the New York debutante trying to break away from her family.The plot develops when all three women show up at Thomas ' home . What follows is a slapstick comedy that finds the women learning who they are and what their heritage means to them.As an empowermrnt film the movie falls short on story . The slapstick elements take over and devices like plot are forgotten , As eye candy all three women are spectacular and large parts of the last third of the film turn into a scream and jiggle fest . But hey that not really a bad thing in this kind of film . All in all its light entertainment and worth a look .
 Though too fluffy and light-weight , ` Chasing Papi ' is not as awful as some opinions might suggest . Produced by none other than 20th Century Fox , one of the major Hollywood studios , it has enough budget to create the colorful looks and joyful soundtracks . Sadly , the film just does n't know the right way to use three surprisingly refreshing Latina-American actresses , and that 's the real problem.Well , but I think the opening chapters are awfully bumpy . Think about this . Thomas is dating three women at the same time ; a Chicago laywer wearing glasses , a street-smart Miani cocktail waitress , and a rich , sheltered , spoiled daughter in New York . Normally , this kind of guy cheating women , well-meaning as he thinks he is , is called Romeo , and I suppose most women would despise him , but because this Romeo , or Thomas , is so irresistible , the three women can not stop thinking about the possibility that SHE is the only one meant for him . I wan na ask whoever gave the green light to this project -- are you living in the 21st century?But to be fair , that is only the introduction , and wait a while . The real point of the film is the ad-hoc coalition to get over the embarrassing situation -LRB- like Thomas fainting and an FBI agent watching it ! -RRB- , which eventually develops to the friendship between them through joining in a beauty pagent or dacing on the stage.The film uses up its tricks pretty early on , and funny moments come very sporadically . In fact , the characters , stories , and gags are all too familiar today , and look exactly dead art , like pie-throwing . With short running time of 80 minutes , the film still looks padded out , and I did n't talk about the ` dream ' sequences -LRB- including that of a chihuahua -RRB- that have nothing to do with the story.As I said , the three leading ladies Roselyn Sanchez , Sofia Vergara , and Jaci Velasquez do act with gusto , and they did admirable job for their characters always remain likeable . And I like Roselyn Sanchez , who has curiously attractive charms like Sandra Bullock , and was the only good thing in terrible film ` Boat Trip . ' I just do n't understand why Hollywood must keep on wasting them in this awful films again and again.Innocuous , fluffy , but that 's not the problem . The problem is that they could think of only hackneyed ideas to fill the 80 minutes . And they used as many as four writers .
 A dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the US and abroad . I was very bored with this movie and found the plot to be very insulting . I enjoyed seeing some of my favorite latino actors and performers on the big screen , but for a somewhat mainstreamed movie that one can buy in target , I think it 's just a shame.The whole cast was pretty much of Latin America origin , but that did not do much to glorify latinos as capable and deserving actors on the spotlight . The plot and dialogue dehumanizies and insults many .
 The only thing going for this Latina chick flick is the eye-candy appeal of its stars , since the plot is a ludicrous rehash of an old formula . Charming Tomas -LRB- Eduardo Verastegui -RRB- has three girlfriends living in different American cities , who , of course , decide to surprise him all at once , only to discover the existence of the others . Severe lawyer Lorena -LRB- Roselyn Sanchez -RRB- is gorgeous once she removes her glasses , while hot chili Cici -LRB- Sofia Vergara -RRB- understands the power of cleavage . Add pampered rich girl Patricia -LRB- Jaci Velasquez -RRB- , throw in a drug money subplot that brings in yet another beautiful woman -LRB- Lisa Vidal -RRB- as the FBI agent , and you 've got the full range of this silly movie . Its theme of female empowerment is overshadowed by lots of shrieking , running around , and ridiculous plot turns . This is one of those movies I ca n't believe I actually watched.I gave this flick an extra star simply because of the charisma the performers bring to their slender roles . Men wanting a glimpse of these actresses in sexy garb and women looking for a silly women against the world flick wo n't be disappointed - as long as they are n't looking for an interesting plot .
 `` Chasing Papi '' is about a modern day Don Juan who winds up with more than he bargained for in the romance department . Thomas is a young Latino hunk who has three different girlfriends in three different cities . When his paramours finally find out about each other , a round of customary craziness ensues . `` Chasing Papi '' is an attempt to revive those old screwball comedies of the 1930 's and 1940 's , but it fails on virtually every level . It 's almost impossible to believe that it took four writers to come up with a screenplay as lame as the one we have here . Of course one does n't expect rocket science in a film of this type , but even in a screwball comedy a fine line needs to be established between the nonsensical and the stupid - and `` Chasing Papi '' crosses over that line with alarming regularity . It takes a certain rhythm and style to bring off humor in this vein and director Linda Mendoza fails to provide either of those qualities in this production . She has taken a cast of attractive , undeniably talented actors and actresses and forced them to overact so atrociously that any attempt at real humor is virtually eliminated from the very outset . `` Chasing Papi '' relies on maniacal behavior , nonstop blithering and corny reaction shots to achieve its laughs , but the laughs do n't come because the effort is so transparently forced and obvious . In fact after about 15 minutes of watching these stereotypical shenanigans , you 'll find yourself yearning for some much needed wit and subtlety . And an occasional time out for some therapeutic silence would n't hurt either . `` Chasing Papi '' is certainly pretty to look at -LRB- both in its characters and its highly colorful settings -RRB- , but the overall effect of the film is one of annoyance rather than enjoyment .
 Format
 A terrible example of what happens when a talented director imitates an attention-seeking enfant terrible , Bertolucci 's Partner is forgotten with good reason - his Godardian take on Dostoyevsky 's The Double is pretty awful . Like Godard , it 's full of slogans and soundbites which do n't gain in profundity by being repeated six times or more at varying volumes instead of substance , constantly throwing them at the screen in the hope that something will stick , but he amps up the surrealism with Pierre Clementi 's absurd -LRB- in the dictionary definition -RRB- performance . Whether he 's shouting at the screen or fighting with invisible enemies or himself , there 's never any danger of him being remotely believable or entertaining so that when he finally does meet his double -LRB- who he keeps in a closet -RRB- we 've already dismissed him as a tiresome attention seeing moron on day release from the local asylum . It 's the kind of performance that 'll have you yearning for the subtle underplaying of Crispin Glover . He does improve as the film goes along and the characters exchange identities , but he 's successfully alienated you from the film by then.Technically it 's impressive , with the shot in-camera effects scenes of the two Clementi 's extremely well-timed , Bertolucci even acknowledging the artificiality of the device by having them disappear mid-frame in one memorable moment . There 's a little bit more involvement with his theme than you get with Godard - for all the surface ` provocation ' -LRB- read tiresome and infantile attention seeking -RRB- it does acknowledge that the intellectuals it wants to address -LRB- and does directly in the end -RRB- are incapable of real revolution because they tie themselves up in imaginary intellectual knots rather than act . Just as Easy Rider now plays as a film that puts you off drugs because the characters just act like uncool morons when they 're high , this now seems more a parody of self-important radicals proposing ineffectual actions than a document of a real revolution . And there 's a nice sendup of Fellini and other Italian directors ' use of numbers instead of dialog when shooting without sound -LRB- Bertolucci shot with live sound at a time when most Italian films were shot mute and dubbed later -RRB- . The 2.35:1 transfer is good , and the film has a nice artray of extras , including a substantional interview with Bertolucci and mute audition footage as well as a booklet.Pierre Clementi 's screen test for Partner and an outtake from the film overdubbed with new dialog urging the audience to resist or accept the film but to at least react to it rather than simply use cinema as an escape form 's the opening of Edoardo Bruno 's His Day of Glory / La Sua Giornata di Gloria , included on the NoShame DVD of Partner as an extra . It 's a typical forgotten piece of agitprop from ' 68 , more interested in the sound of its own voice than effecting any change , although it does have the virtue of sincerity . Clumsily shot in b & w ; , it 's mostly a series of political discussions that lack the depth to do more than scrape the surface , although it does make clear that these revolutionaries are too concerned with defining the revolution in contradictory terms than ever acting . Still , if you want to see three people talking very vaguely about Bertolt Brecht before acting out a bit of Mother Courage they ca n't remember the words to , this is the film for you . Mostly painless.A decent transfer considering the source material , with another good selection of extras , including director interview and mute screen tests and outtakes .
 The acting is not good , but not horrible . It seems like a college level movie and not professional . The actors seemed like they were forcing the script , so I am thinking that the script was just badly written . It did seem that the script was very rushed . All-in-all , it was pretty badly directed and written with amateur acting at best .
 I was looking for something current and informative on designer wine ; the release date says 2008 but the footage suggests this was produced in the 70s or 80s . Overall , rather disappointing and just a tad bit boring to watch .
 `` Looker '' is a very stylish film and was always one of my favorite Michael Crighton efforts -LRB- even better than `` Westworld '' -RRB- and I would have rated it a solid 4 stars if it were n't for this * terrible * transfer job they did on it.The problem is not with clarity , color or sound -- it 's with the film gate . They must have used the absolute worst machine in the world , because the image constantly moves even during static scenes.If you watch this on a small -LRB- 26 '' or smaller -RRB- set it may not bother you , but anything larger will drive you crazy , I can assure you . Which is a terrible shame , because this little sleeper of a film -LRB- it went almost unnoticed when released -RRB- is worth seeing.It contains one of Crighton 's favorite themes -- tech misused or gone out of control -- and has the great Albert Finney giving a rare performance as an adventure hero.My advice -- definitely do n't buy this film . Rent it from Netflix and give it a watch , particularly if you do n't have a nice big screen TV . Perhaps if and when this is released on high def they 'll do a much better job -LRB- and then it would indeed be worth a buy -RRB- .
 And it stunk then . Time doesnt improve it any.WARNING
 Speaking for myself Looker was a terrible movie experience . Based on my lofty expectations for a Michael Crichton -LRB- MC -RRB- production I can only score it at one star . I realize the majority of Amazon reviewers do n't agree with me , but I have loved everything done by this amazing science fiction writer in the past , and this film just did n't do it for me . I even watched this movie twice , once without commentary and a second time with MC narration . It just did n't work . I am glad to see that the majority of reviewers really appreciate what MC can do , even on what for me was one of his `` off days '' . I also think the actors did a fine job under very difficult circumstances . I scarcely need mention some of my favorite MC films but I absolutely loved the Andromeda Strain , Coma , Jurassic Park , Congo , not to mention all of his other fine science fiction and non scifi novels .
 I 'm sorry , but I just did n't like Looker , and it was n't -LSB- JUST -RSB- because of the cheesy mustache . It 's a neat technological idea , and an insightful social warning of what is , has been , and will continue to happen in TV advertising , but it 's missing that `` something '' . Someone failed to sprinkle any `` science fiction magical pixie dust '' on the celluloid before it was sent to the lab for processing . It lacks any real depth and , although accurate with some parts of the amazing technology , displeasingly unrealistic in others . One thing they did tap into accurately was the creation of `` perfect '' computer models to take the place of real actors . Now , twenty-plus years later , that technology is quickly coming to fruition.Having these actors in this movie is like having seasoned journeyman carpenters build a doghouse out of mismatched plywood scrap and bent nails while downing shots of Jagermeister and watching skimpy swimsuit videos . There is no essence of greatness here . From moment to moment , I continually anticipated the acting would suddenly turn good . It never did.BUT ... if you have n't seen it , I do recommend seeing it . It 's not `` horrible '' , it just totally lacks any of the magic found in things like The Forbin Project and Blade Runner .
 Basically I only recommend this movie if you are a HUGE fan of Rik Mayall . He made this movie , and the scenes he 's not in are almost not worth watching at all ! Skeet Ulrich is a good actor , but this movie is almost an insult to his skill . As for Leslie Nelson , this is not a Naked Gun like movie for him , he does not come off as funny as he would normally . Although at first it seems to start heading that way but stops as if hitting a wall .
 Leslie Nielsen is finally in a film that did n't make me laugh much . That 's saying a lot for this talented gentleman who gave us so many laughs in THE NAKED GUN movies . But this lame effort from director Rob Spiers is so painfully strained for jokes that when a potential funny one comes along , you 've already expected it . Skeet Ulrich looks like he 's sleepwalking through the whole movie ; Natasha Henstridge looks embarrassed , and Lochlyn Munro looks constipated . There are few funny moments in this film , and it 's a shame Leslie is reduced to such a humorless performance .
 Corny humor and totally inaccurate portrayal of the Iditarod : * Canned dog food is too heavy to be hauled in the sled ; food and other supplies are flown to the checkpoints prior to the race . * Entrants must register months in advance , rather than last minute . * Idita-Riders purchase tickets to accompany mushers in their sleds from the race ceremonial start in Anchorage . * Intensive veterinary checks are required prior to the race and the condition of the dogs is monitored by veterinarians at every checkpoint . * Mushers and their dog teams are required to check in and out of every checkpoint ; therefore shortcuts are far fetched . * Mushers do not wear their bib numbers during the entire race . * Sled dogs train extensively prior to competing , a variety of breeds rescued from an animal shelter at the last minute is totally unrealistic . * The ceremonial start is on the first Saturday of March , not on a Monday . * The checkpoint names in the movie do not exist on the Iditarod trail . * The chute at the end is nowhere near as long as shown in the movie . * The final approach in the movie is not Nome ; the final stretch is on the Bering Sea , rather than mountainous terrain . * The trail is not marked with signs and arrows . * There are 16 sled dogs on a team . * There are no passenger buses between Nome and Anchorage .
 This Movie is tittled Kevin Of The North , in Australia . And I have had trouble finding it to give this reveiw . This is a great example of how bad a movie can be , and this is the only reason why I would recomend that you see this movie . Not even lesie nelson fans could enjoy this movie . The story line is bad so is the so called `` humour '' . The acting is terible . 3-7 year old kids may find some of the jokes amusing , but I didnt laugh once . It was almost embarising to watch the bad jokes . I would highly recomend that Nobody Buys this Movie , and that if you must see this movie -LRB- you should see it , just to see a realy bad movie -RRB- rent it . This sort of movie writing/acting should not be encoraged .
 I tried watching this film because I am a diehard Leslie Nielsen fan , long having been a fan of `` Airplane '' and `` The Naked Gun '' movies.This effort , however , was rather disappointing . Most of the comic moments are rather boring and predictable , and aside from the initial appearance of the mixed breed sled dog team and the `` bouncing bullet '' spoof at the end -LRB- the only bits that kept me from giving it only one star -RRB- , I barely even chuckled.There is none of the laugh-out-loud schtick one typically expects in Nielsen films . The fact that he had to play the villain in this one accounts for part of that , and his stereotypical gay and dumb British sidekick fails miserably in complementing his character.Sure , there 's romance and a little farcical tragedy typical of these films , but the plot is scattered and too many bits just do n't make sense . The main guy Kevin Manley , an overworked travel agent looking for a little excitement , by his words never took a single vacation in his life , yet still has a thousand dollars to offer to learn the fundamentals of sled dog racing , plus even more money to initially purchase fancy equipment and real sled dogs.If you 're a Nielsen fan , this might be worth a rent to watch once just to see him in a different type of role . If you 're looking for something entertaining , this film is a flop . I do n't recommend it .
 I bought this movie thinking it might be slightly entertaining , unfortunately I was wrong , very wrong . This has to be one of the stupidest movies I have seen in a long time , the parts of the movie that were meant to be funny were boring and just ridiculous.I would NOT recommend this movie , you would be better off doing something more useful with your time . I have seen Ulrich , Nielsen & Henstridge in much better moves than this .
 This makes for a good late night HBO movie when you are bored . Not worth the money spent to own , nor the time spent watching it . IF it was 20 years ago I might have said it was a good movie , but nowadays its just too boring and obvious .
 I thought this movie would be a great thriller . I 've seen Reese Witherspoon in enough movies to know she 's a great actress , and it sounded interesting enough from reading the jacket . BUT , I have to say that , overall , although the film was visually stunning more often than not -LRB- very stylized sets , nice color combinations , costume colors , interesting shots , etc , etc -RRB- , and the two main characters Nick -LRB- Alessandro Nivola -RRB- and Lissa -LRB- Reese Witherspoon -RRB- were likable , the film is n't much to write home about . My main complaint is that there was n't enough plot to go around , and that when the chips finally fall , you 're wondering why there were n't more of them ! I also wonder why the writer -LRB- or director/editor -RRB- , who ended up with a decent budget , nice sets , great actors , etc , did n't do more to flesh it out , or add a couple more twists/characters/background info . I think this quite easily could have been made into a great film . However , as it stands , its a stylish jaunt into film-making which , although not precisely shallow , per se , leaves a lot to be desired . Interestingly , after watching the deleted scenes and learning a bit more about the script and the changes that were made to the story/scenes , the film seemed richer and more complex , -LRB- better ! -RRB- than I 'd first thought . I think the DVD 's deleted scenes really would have added enough to make this luke-warm film , not great , but maybe `` good enough . '' The best thematic elements which explain the `` why 's '' and `` why-nots '' of this film , inexplicably seemed to end up on the cutting room floor . Bottom Line
 ... where do I begin . Probably with the fact that the only reason I watched it is because my girlfriend threatened me to . This is movie is sooo desperate to be a post modern crime thriller that it looks and feels so relentlessly superficial . Most scenes are decked out in unpleasant pastel colors and interiors are always lit with warm lights . Not very realistic . Something else that is quite unreal is the scene in which Nivola and Witherspoon discuss their forthcoming crime ... on a roof in front of a neon sign on a sofa . Yeah ... like people keep sofas on roofs in front of neon signs . This was obviously an attempt by the director to add a little sparkle to an otherwise BORING scene . Which is also the reason he throws in some cliched camera angles . It 's a `` film noir '' you see ... so diagonal shots on an ordinary scene are standard . Composer Craig Armstrong was obviously hired at the last minute when the director heard the score for Romeo and Juliet to provide an irrating and superficial -LRB- that word again -RRB- soundtrack . It sounds like it belongs in a totally different movie.One last gripe ... the `` twist '' was obvious to me . I guess it at the very start and the whole thing was SOOO predictable . It had the predictablity curve of paint drying and the interest curve of cleaning a 300-year-old stove with a 3-haired tooth brush and some spit . I also felt no chemistry between the 2 leads whatsoever.In case your wondering my girlfriend lists this as number 2 in her top 3 movies . Number 1 is Devils Advocate and 3 is Moonwalker ... ugh !
 I probably would have given up on this movie if I had n't been trying to figure out where I 'd seen Alessandro Nivola -LRB- of `` Face Off '' -RRB- before . The viewer is shown a part of the end of the movie and then we 're dragged through a grimy , rather dull story to find out how the characters arrived at this end . The movie simply takes too long to get to the point . The story is not fast paced enough to keep your attention . The twist at the end , which unfortunately comes to late to save the movie , reminded me of an O'Henry story . The plot would probably make a better book or short story than a movie .
 The only reason to watch this film is young Reese Witherspoon , who was 22 years old when the film was produced during 1998 by Dogstar Films . It bombed in the USA when it was released during September 1999 and I mean bombed , generating only $ 25,000 in box-office revenue . Reese does not list it in her biography nor does imdb.It is difficult to believe that Ted Griffin wrote the original screenplay , since he next wrote Ocean 's Eleven . I can not comprehend why Dogstar Films purchased the screenplay . The story is contrived and ridiculous . Alessandro Nivola plays a college student who returns home to care for his dying father , a history professor at the local community college . The story opens with him working at recycling center in `` Tropico , a dead-end town in California , which in reality was Bakersfield.Rushing to attend his father 's cemetery ceremony , he seriously injures a neighbor 's cat . He takes it to the local vet where he meets Lissa -LRB- played by Reese -RRB- , the vet 's receptionist . After departing the vet 's office he finds his car has a flat tire . Instantly , Reese drives him to cemetery and a few hours later they have wild sex . Things go downhill from there.Bryce -LRB- Josh Brolin -RRB- , Alessandro 's alleged best friend from college happens to arrive in town for a teaching job at the local community college . Meanwhile , Alessandro learns that he will not inherit several hundred thousand dollars because his father lied to the insurance company about his health , plus owes the IRS $ 200,000 in back taxes . At this point the screenplay becomes ridiculous.One of the losers working at the recycling center conveniently offers Alessandro an opportunity to make a quick $ 10,000 simply for driving the getaway car after the loser robs a local drug-dealer . Somehow , the drug-dealer learns Alessandro drove the getaway car and demands restitution or face death . Unfortunately , Alessandro does n't know the robbery was staged to extort his inheritance money because his co-workers think he is inheriting several hundred thousand dollars.This leads to Alessandro asking Reese to have sex with Bryce so she can steal a rare Abraham Lincoln document that is in the house which Bryce is house-sitting . Alessandro plans to sell it to a local thrift-store owner for $ 60,000 in cash , who in turn is going to flip it for $ 100,000 . Somehow , the local junk-store owner is plugged into rare document collectors looking for stolen items . Are you laughing?Then , Alessandro fakes killing Reese but while transporting her body to the recycling center , his car is stolen with her in the trunk . She is held for ransom by the fake drug dealer . Are you following this nonsense ? I could continue but the lunacy escalates . It is easy to understand why Reese does not list this in her biography.Dogstar Films made two other films during 1998 which were released during 1999
 since i cant rate it a 3.5 im going with 2 . first off space godzilla . ilike space godzilla but the director mustv been the hedorah faluire who i hear is directing the new godzilla movie . very bad and gives this pack a bad name . i recomend destroyah.now destroyah is really coll.and this movie did a god job ending the heisei series . the ending was depressing because 1 godzilla was melting 2 the muisic was sad 3 they did a good job with the camera . i recomend going to -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- destroyah only -RRB- if you can get it to the us . i have a goal of collecting every godzilla movie so yeah ...
 I was sorely disappointed . Sorry , guys , but this was a waste . I love BigG , but the writers were really stretching this time . To summarize the plot , a scientist revisiting the destructive power of the Oxygen Destroyer -LRB- `` Godzilla , King of the Monsters '' -RRB- creates -LRB- inexplicably -RRB- monster-sized micro-organisms which can , at times , mutate into one giant monster . This behemoth of a bacteria -LRB- Destoroyah -RRB- spontaneously degenerates into little bugs and reforms time and again . The whole movie is just too trippy for my taste -- I loved King of the Monsters , GvsMechaG , Destroy All Monsters , and GvsSpazeG , but Destoroyah shames the good name of Godzilla .
 I tried watching this film because I am a diehard Leslie Nielsen fan , long having been a fan of `` Airplane '' and `` The Naked Gun '' movies.This effort , however , was rather disappointing . Most of the comic moments are rather boring and predictable , and aside from the initial appearance of the mixed breed sled dog team and the `` bouncing bullet '' spoof at the end -LRB- the only bits that kept me from giving it only one star -RRB- , I barely even chuckled.There is none of the laugh-out-loud schtick one typically expects in Nielsen films . The fact that he had to play the villain in this one accounts for part of that , and his stereotypical gay and dumb British sidekick fails miserably in complementing his character.Sure , there 's romance and a little farcical tragedy typical of these films , but the plot is scattered and too many bits just do n't make sense . The main guy Kevin Manley , an overworked travel agent looking for a little excitement , by his words never took a single vacation in his life , yet still has a thousand dollars to offer to learn the fundamentals of sled dog racing , plus even more money to initially purchase fancy equipment and real sled dogs.If you 're a Nielsen fan , this might be worth a rent to watch once just to see him in a different type of role . If you 're looking for something entertaining , this film is a flop . I do n't recommend it .
 I bought this movie thinking it might be slightly entertaining , unfortunately I was wrong , very wrong . This has to be one of the stupidest movies I have seen in a long time , the parts of the movie that were meant to be funny were boring and just ridiculous.I would NOT recommend this movie , you would be better off doing something more useful with your time . I have seen Ulrich , Nielsen & Henstridge in much better moves than this .
 Basically I only recommend this movie if you are a HUGE fan of Rik Mayall . He made this movie , and the scenes he 's not in are almost not worth watching at all ! Skeet Ulrich is a good actor , but this movie is almost an insult to his skill . As for Leslie Nelson , this is not a Naked Gun like movie for him , he does not come off as funny as he would normally . Although at first it seems to start heading that way but stops as if hitting a wall .
 Leslie Nielsen is finally in a film that did n't make me laugh much . That 's saying a lot for this talented gentleman who gave us so many laughs in THE NAKED GUN movies . But this lame effort from director Rob Spiers is so painfully strained for jokes that when a potential funny one comes along , you 've already expected it . Skeet Ulrich looks like he 's sleepwalking through the whole movie ; Natasha Henstridge looks embarrassed , and Lochlyn Munro looks constipated . There are few funny moments in this film , and it 's a shame Leslie is reduced to such a humorless performance .
 Corny humor and totally inaccurate portrayal of the Iditarod : * Canned dog food is too heavy to be hauled in the sled ; food and other supplies are flown to the checkpoints prior to the race . * Entrants must register months in advance , rather than last minute . * Idita-Riders purchase tickets to accompany mushers in their sleds from the race ceremonial start in Anchorage . * Intensive veterinary checks are required prior to the race and the condition of the dogs is monitored by veterinarians at every checkpoint . * Mushers and their dog teams are required to check in and out of every checkpoint ; therefore shortcuts are far fetched . * Mushers do not wear their bib numbers during the entire race . * Sled dogs train extensively prior to competing , a variety of breeds rescued from an animal shelter at the last minute is totally unrealistic . * The ceremonial start is on the first Saturday of March , not on a Monday . * The checkpoint names in the movie do not exist on the Iditarod trail . * The chute at the end is nowhere near as long as shown in the movie . * The final approach in the movie is not Nome ; the final stretch is on the Bering Sea , rather than mountainous terrain . * The trail is not marked with signs and arrows . * There are 16 sled dogs on a team . * There are no passenger buses between Nome and Anchorage .
 This Movie is tittled Kevin Of The North , in Australia . And I have had trouble finding it to give this reveiw . This is a great example of how bad a movie can be , and this is the only reason why I would recomend that you see this movie . Not even lesie nelson fans could enjoy this movie . The story line is bad so is the so called `` humour '' . The acting is terible . 3-7 year old kids may find some of the jokes amusing , but I didnt laugh once . It was almost embarising to watch the bad jokes . I would highly recomend that Nobody Buys this Movie , and that if you must see this movie -LRB- you should see it , just to see a realy bad movie -RRB- rent it . This sort of movie writing/acting should not be encoraged .
 Oh , so very bad . Not `` good '' bad , but rather `` bad '' bad . There 's no accounting for taste , though , so I will say that if you really liked `` Battlefield Earth '' it 's worth giving this a shot .
 And now I ca n't because `` a viewer '' below ruined it . Thanks chowderhead . Hey amazon do n't be bananaheads and post spoilers ... bananahands .
 Wow , I ca n't believe I watched it until the end ... it was just awful!I had great expectations because the first movie is one of my top favorites , the second was decent , but this one ... I ca n't believe it was soooo bad ... I am very disappointed ...
 Do n't waste your time or money on this one . The original The Eye and the remake starring Jessica Alba were great so I ordered Eye 2 and this lemon . I do n't give it any stars but the site would n't accept less than one star . I did n't finish watching it .
 This is a remarketed title due to the recent craze of the movie , the Eye , thanks to the relentless bad American remakes of good Asian horror . This movie was originally called The Eye 10 . This movie came out quite a while ago and techniclaly it is the third installment of the `` Eye '' series . I am a huge fan of Asain horror , including The Eye and The Eye 2 -LRB- The originals of course -RRB- . However , the Eye 10 has had such terrible reviews I could not bring myself to spend any money on it . If it ever shows up on cable as a free movie , I would try to watch it just to see how bad it really is . I think it is crazy that this movie was retitled for Americans -LRB- even though it is not an American movie and has not been remade , make no mistake that this was renamed for the benefits of the Americans through Lionsgate to cash in on the recent aforementioned popularity -RRB- . If you want a proper review of the Eye 3 , google the Eye 10 and read -LRB- and weep -RRB- all about it !
 Wow this made it to dvd ? I 'm surprised it made it to vhs . Whoopie meets her match in Depardeiu as alternate reality WTF superstars in a movie that is hard to forget and the end result is you do n't know why . While watching the commercial for `` bogus '' before my mind thought it my mouth said it `` I must see this movie '' but I did n't know why . Even though I did n't laugh at any of the comedy , was n't convinced at any of the performances , did n't take to the cuteness forced upon me from the kids , I still sat through the entire chinese torture , and I do n't know why . I thought maybe it was the dance sequence between these two megastars the total grace they showed or maybe I wanted to see them fall on their big over-rated asses . That would have been great but only a fantasy . `` bogus '' beats Adam Sandler to the punch with irritating slapstick insanity as trollish Depardeiu apears as an imaginary friend to a troubled kid . I checked myself into alien abductee therapy and even that did n't work . I still lose sleep over this movie and maybe soon I will be the next `` manchurian candidate '' or the youngest man ever to get dementia all because of Whoopie 's bogus . I thought offering it to satan as a sacrifice would be a good idea but even he rejected it . I tried to get rid of it by throwing it in the ocean but as soon as I got home there it was under my pillow . * update after watching scanners 3 multiple times , I 've been able to move on with my life .
 The Whoopi Goldburg charter is disturbing to say the least . She wants nothing to do with Albert -LRB- Haley Joel Osment the little boy from THE SIXTH SENCE -RRB- because the kid is white . Turn it around for a moment , what would we say about a white woman who with holds love from a black kid because of the color of his skin ? Are we suppose to think that Osment is responsible for the slave trade of one hundred fifty years ago?The poor kid is dangling from a fire escape his life in danger . Any fan of THE SIXTH SENSE would rush out to save him in no time flat but not Goldburg . All she does is call out encouragement to him.I kept hoping someone from Child Protective Services would show up to take poor Osment away from Goldburg but no such luck . I think the kid deserved much better !
 Wow . I was n't expecting high quality -LRB- it is a DVD-R after all -RRB- , but this is awful!If I 'm paying for a movie , why do I have to see a little `` S C '' on the screen . During the opening , the letters `` S C '' appear on the lower right of the screen . Even worse , the letters reappear and stay on the screen for a good part of the movie . These letters are not exactly out of the way either -- at times they are actually over the actors themselves . The `` S C '' stands for Sinister Cinema I guess . I 'll be sure not to buy any of their products again . Also , the picture shakes vertically at times and is quite bad overall.I assume most people interested in this movie saw it when they were younger and have fond memories of it . It is the story of `` Giant Robot '' and Johnny Sokko , the boy who controls him by speaking into a watch . Even if you 're desperate to see this again , look for a better quality version .
 Okay , I do n't know if this is an illegal copy or not . I suppose it depends on if the film is in public domain or not.Regardless , this was recorded using a Panasonic DVD recorder -LRB- I recognize the menu -RRB- . I assume it 's been copied from an old VHS copy.It 's watchable , but the quality is comparable to an old , overused VHS tape .
 Promising cast , forgettable result . Greta Gerwig was delightful in `` Greenberg '' , but here she plays a boring , self-absorbed 29-er -LRB- oooooh , big dilemma !!!! -RRB- , whose `` problems '' are less than engrossing . She is surrounded by a bunch of cliche males , allof whom are also pretty annoying . Her parents are played -LRB- written and acted dismally -RRB- by the usually great Bill Pullman and Debra Winger . The poor writing and directing seem to have gotten the better of these fine actors.This is another in a slew of `` hip '' , `` how-it-is-now '' , pretentiously wry bits of fluff . A slightly edgier `` Sex and the City '' ... deep as a postage stamp . We did n't even finish watching it ... there was no one to care about . And it was n't very funny . You could find much better ways to spend your time ...
 This had the potential to be quirky , funny , and heartfelt . Instead , I was annoyed by the main character , knowing that she was about to make the wrong decision and like a trainwreck , unable to look away/turn the movie off . I really wanted to like it and perhaps that 's why I 'm so disappointed .
 Still another example of the psychologically distorted lives of NY writers both in book and movie script formats . Is it environmental damage to their collective genomes or are they attracted like moths toward a romantic flaming self-immolation ? Ninety percent of what comes out of that region of the country is the same , repeatedly redux , self-absorbed , romantic misadventures with low level comedic interludes to keep from getting bored to death.Story : Guy gets cold feet just before wedding and girl gets depressed . Looks for alternative feel good activities and parents are a comedic lack of help . Usual male friend whom we -LRB- viewer -RRB- ca n't quite decide if he 's the substitute she needs.Help ! NY - secede from Earth . Please !
 I like Greta Gerwig , but this movie was not a good vehicle for her . I did n't end up caring much for her character or any of the other chracters . And it kind of dragged . A little uneveness is okay if it keeps you entertained , but I was mostly bored .
 Greta Gerwig is a great actress and hopefully she 'll find a role soon that promotes her talent . This film is n't it .
 With my wife being asian , I thought that she would be more forgivable for me making a bad choice for an asian film to watch after work today . But , I had to apologize to my wife for asking her to watch this film with me , instead of letting her want to go outside and wash her car.This movie was so slow and just did n't seem to go anywhere . After the movie , I clicked on the bonus features section . I wanted to see if the film maker offered any kind of verbal or printed apology for making us sit through this terrible movie.Not only did I have to waste nearly two hours of my precious time watching this lame movie , now I owe it to my wife that I 'll have to wash her car for her , which will be my way of apologizing to her for wasting her time watching this lousy film with me.Boy , what a big disappointment !
 I personally cant figure out why Jessica Beil keeps getting work and this movie is a prime example.First off this is not a horror film at all.I watched this movie on Net-Flix because the cover art shows a dark figure hovering over Beil.When you advertise something to be something that it is not i dont know about you but i feel like ive just wasted time that i could have spent watching a real horror film.Dumb plot , bad acting -LRB- from Beil -RRB- and the worst rip-off ending ive ever seen . I had hopes for this movie with horror genre actors like Stephan Mchattie and the x-Files cigarette smoking man William B.Davis but this film is not even a horror movie!The big climax at the end is completely ridiculous , so save your money and dont buy , rent or waste your time on this turkey !
 I bought this movie on plain DVD because I thought the cover looked interesting , the sleeve details also looked interesting and of course Jessica Biel . I am dissapointed . At first it started out alright . But , being a fan of splatter and higher tension horror , I was disapointed . The movie never truly revealed enough for my taste . By the time the ending credits where rolling , the film made very little impact to me , just another ho hum effort to create a watered down -LRB- not even horror -RRB- thriller .
 I do not leave reviews but after watching this I have to say 's what kind of society to we live in where its ok to take people kids because they are not living as high and mighty as others . Why not just help the parents . Do you know how many small town kids who lived in trailer or worst make it out of that . Or a ghetto . Or even the rich kids who commit suicide or kill others . This film is a slap in the face to every hard working . Mother every hard working family who hasce some troubles but still love there kids and try to give them everything . Let social services do that job by this movie saying someone should kidnap someones child because rich society does not feel like they are raised right is wrong . By the way I 'm middle class . And was raised . In new York . Without a silver spoon and my kids have more and will gain more knownledge by everything around them . As I continue to grow myself . This is sickening . Not a bad movie but in bad taste .
 This movie is reminiscent of The Village -LRB- only with a much lower budget -RRB- . Acting ? meh . Plot ? nada . The shocking twist was shockingly boring , and the message conveyed to the viewer is a mish-mash of elitist nonsense that 'll leave you wishing you had the last two hours of your life back .
 Its sort of a interesting story but it is definitely proof that Hollywood elitists live on a different planet . In the Great Depression days this sort of thing really went on and it was not justified by any means . Although it was n't exactly what this movie depicts ... its was done for profit in the great depression days . I would like to elaborate but I 'm afraid I 'll give up the big surprise ending . This movie seems to be trying to give some sort of justification or virtue to the act . But as I said I think it gives more insight into the perverse minds of Hollywood elitists .
 I do not normally leave reviews but I felt the need to warn people away from this movie because it is truly awful . Jessica Biel must have owed someone associated with this movie a big favor . I have no other explanation as to why she would have agreed to do this film.She spends most of her time simply staring , dazed , into the eyes of various people , saying nothing . The viewer knows she is the only person who has any idea what 's happening and the writer and director perform the most infuriating acrobatics to ensure she reveals nothing.You wait and wait ... and wait for the reveal - and nothing ever happens.This is most assuredly not a horror movie and it 's only a thriller if you 're thrilled by 90 minutes of an exaggeratedly coy demeanor and excessively obtuse behavior.The manner in which this movie slowly culminates into some bizarre socio-political statement is akin to watching a very old man walk up a long flight of stairs , occasionally fishing in his pockets along the way and each time coming out with nothing .
 The Tall Man &#34; has an interesting premise playing with traditional conventions of a thriller . Nothing however is how it seems this film which has some fascinating twists and turns but is , ultimately , absurd . First thing that we need to get out of the way is the fact that &#34; The Tall Man &#34; despite the advertising and the first 40 or so minutes is NOT a horror film nor is it really a supernatural film . If you temper your expectations with this in mind you might enjoy the film but , more than likely , you 'll find &#34; The Tall Man &#34; a mildly interesting failure.SPOILERS : Julia Benning -LRB- Jessica Biel -RRB- serves as a nurse in the dying mining town of Cold Rock unfortunately the town is best known now as a town where most of its children go missing . Local legend suggests that the children are being taken by a mysterious entity nicknamed The Tall Man . When David is taken Benning desperately pursues the attacker to retrieve the child.MAJOR SPOILER : As the story progresses we discover that Julia has been abducting the children feeding them to a secret network headed by her husband who places these kidnapped children from impoverished backgrounds to &#34; deserving &#34; families -LRB- largely upper and middle class from what we can tell in the movie -RRB- . When the town 's people find out she refuses to divulge what , exactly , happened to the children suggesting that she killed them to protect the children and their new families.END OF SPOILERS : &#34; The Tall Man &#34; begins as one type of thriller and quickly shifts gears into another type . It 's rare that a director can pull of this slight-of-hand -LRB- The Prestige -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , Stage Fright and Vertigo
 The Tall Man tells the story of the small town Cold Rock , and , of course , the infamous Tall Man that abducts children without a trace ; Jessica Biel 's character , Julia , becomes a victim of the Tall Man and races to save her son . At least , this is the first half of the film . Soon , the audience is thrown twist after twist after twist.First , technically speaking , I really liked the film . It 's beautifully shot in a great location for a film with such a dark subject matter . The acting was decent , and the music was great . -LRB- although I 'm almost positive I 've heard some of it before . -RRB- Now , the first half of the film was great . We are introduced to the Tall Man and his legend through effective news clips and town talk . Then , we witness a thrilling abduction filled with tension and some jump-scares . But what starts off as a promising thriller/horror film eventually turns into a conspiracy/mystery/drama film . To be honest , I feel like it quickly loses its focus and foolishly throws its chance away to create an iconic horror character . -LRB- I really think the Tall Man could 've easily worked as a horror character movie , just imagine a giant man creeping through your home and abducting your child . -RRB- It does have some great twists , but some of them are just too far out or predictable . Also , there 's a scene where Julia rants about how the system does n't work and about politics , which I felt was unnecessary although it does slightly relate to the film . My final complaint is that it drags on at times ; when you think it 's over , it actually packs in more . I did like the actual ending and the touching monologue , though.Overall , although it starts off well , The Tall Man is ultimately unfocused ; and , personally , I feel like it does n't effectively use the Tall Man -LRB- he 's barely seen or used -RRB- and misses a crucial chance to create a horror icon . I 'd recommend a rental before a purchase , as of 9/29/12 , this film is available on Netflix Streaming.The Tall Man has strong violence and blood , no sex or nudity .
 This movie is not what the trailers portray it to be . I 'm on the fence about this movie ... seriously . It 's not a Serial Killer movie . However , I will say as a credit to this movie , the cinematography was absolutely stunning ! The storyline is very interesting and gripping . As it may be , I was very disappointed in the final summarization and or ending of this movie . This movie was -LRB- NOT -RRB- what I expected ! However , do n't buy it . This is NOT and Ideal -LRB- buy it -RRB- kind of movie . I 'm afraid it 's best to RENT this movie . But for the sake of just `` pure entertainment '' ... it 's ok , but not worth buying . Again , to make this review stupid proof , I will state again , `` it 's NOT a serial Killer movie ! '' This means boring . Ok , thanks .
 Do NOT waste your 1hr and 45 min of life watching this movie . Enough said . Now I see why it went straight to dvd .
 -LRB- Possible Spoilers -RRB- So in an old and dying mining town called Cold Rock , there has been someone or something taking the young children of the towns residents and everyone says this something is called `` The Tall Man '' . All these townsfolk are the usual cliches and whatnot , the drunks , the small time diner owner , some mysterious suited guy who keeps searching for the kidnapper and there 's Julia -LRB- Jessica Biel , `` Stealth '' -RRB- who does n't seem to believe the Tall Man tale . That is until her son is taken by him and she then tries to get him back and find out who this man is , if he 's a man at all.The first 25-30 minutes of the film are the best part , there 's the set up , there 's brief descriptions from people talking about the tall man , then one night Julia wakes up and finds her son David gone . She sees ` The Tall Man ' with her son on his shoulder and he runs off , she gives chase and manages to find his big delivery type truck rolling down the road . So she does the logical thing and runs after it , she ends up getting put in the vehicle , frees herself from being tied up and tries to choke out the tall man as he 's driving with her son asleep at his side , which crashes the truck but this tall man still gets away with David.Unfortunately this movie really goes off the tracks after Julia gets back to town , suddenly everyone is against her and she does n't understand why . The film starts to layer `` twist '' on top of `` twist '' in an attempt to drum up continued interest , the false finishes and eventual `` conclusion '' are pretty umm ... . bad shall we say . Biel gets props for playing a different role than she normally has as she wears virtually no make-up and gets beat up a good amount of the movie.The idea behind `` The Tall Man '' is n't a bad one and with some actual thought and effort this might 've been far better and more interesting than it was . But sadly it goes cheap and basic with its twists and does n't end up amounting to much , again after the first 25-30 minutes that is . * 1/2 out of 4 stars .
 While the ending was not 100 % surprising ... the journey through the rest of muck and depression brought 0 % closure ... too dark , too depressing - There is so much help needed &#34; every where &#34; in the USA - one hardly knows where to begin . Corporate America needs to think before greed sucks life , jobs , prosperity , education and medical treatment/education out of entire regions in this country and when these things are removed - you basically have increased dysfunctional families and children with scars exponentially !! Capitalism at its best - doing the work of the devil .
 I rented this on amazon and I thought it looked like a great thriller . The first 20 min . or so is n't bad . The suspense was great , I thought . It did n't last too long before it got confusing and I had a hard time understanding what was really going on . So , I do n't think this is that great of a thriller . I would n't recommend it .
 I watched this movie the other night . And the only time I jumped is when the dog jumped out from the truck when she open the door . Wow , I will have to say this movie sucked badly . She was the tall man it was n't a really good story line . This movie could have been 10 times better a waist of my time and money .
 My co-workers and I decided to watch this during a slow day at work . Judging by the cover , one is led to think ... `` Horror Movie '' At first the errie atmosphere seems promising . As it drags on you realise it 's meant to be a thriller and by the end of the movie it 's safe to say homicide has been commited . That 's right , this film just killed over an hour of your precious life that could 've been spent doing something actually enjoyable . Nope , it 's gone right down the toilet so to speak . This movie has one of the most dull endings I 've ever seen , it 's just a really bad , BAD MOVIE ! Please heed my advice and walk away , otherwise , consider yourself warned .
 Biel proved she 's a horrible actress . She and this movie bombed . The movie is dull , keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting for the ending and then you just find out you just wasted your time . These type of movies are just bland and leaves you asking many questions as to who or why did they make this movie in the first place .
 Well , sadly , I have not been as excited to watch a movie and so let down come the end in a long , long time ! In truth , it starts off great , has a really nice who-is-the-bad guy question attached to its murky , cold cinemtaic breath . But two thirds of the way through -LRB- and after a seemingly brilliant twist ! -RRB- , it suddenly veers into unknown , questionable territory.Allow me to explain without giving the -LRB- end -RRB- game away - which , in truth would be wildly imaginative of me to be able to as I have no idea what the f**k happened come the end anyway!Children are missing from a small town called Cold Rock . Once a thriving mining town , when it shut down they started vanishing , one by one . As the film opens it tells us that 800,000 children are reported missing per year in the USA , that most a found , but a 1,000 are never seen again.After a scene where Julia -LRB- Biel -RRB- is badly beaten and getting medical attention , we flashback to 36 hours prior . What unfolds then for the next 50 minutes is your better-than-average whodunnit , but when her son is kidnapped by the `` Tall Man , '' suddenly the whole town is sent out on a murderous man hunt - but not for him , for her!You see , and again , not to -LRB- try -RRB- and give it away , this is where we have to try and figure out the plot for ourselves ! I 'm not kidding here either for it 's as if the director quit one hour in -LRB- do n't blame him ! -RRB- and said film whatever you want , add it to the end of the movie , and put it in the stores ! I can guess as to what it was all meant to mean , but some pieces just do n't fit . Like , well , if Julia knew the `` Tall Man ' and what he was up to , why did she chase after his truck , allow herself to get bitten by his dog , and throw herself about in the woods ?! Russell A. Trunk -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The Tall Man tries very hard to be something it 's not , a Stephen King story . Parts of this film reek with King 's influence , but I do n't think he 'd be all that thrilled about it . When the film first started I thought it was a pretty good movie , but by the end I was just confused . The story follows a local resident in the town of Cold Rock , who has taken over her husband 's medical practice after he passed away . That resident is played by Jessica Biel , whose performance and looks are really the only reason to watch this movie . In the town of Cold Rock , the children have been disappearing without a trace and the only thing people have seen is a tall man , dressed in black , leaving the scene . Some people say he 's an urban legend , while others claim to have witnessed his abductions , and the whole town is terrified . I found it kind of funny that in a town crippled by fear , not knowing whose child could be next , the kids parents , let them ride their bikes to the store and let them play alone in the fields , it 's just one of many parts of this film that just off . As I said , the beginning of this film is terrific , but then it gets weirder and weirder and builds to a conclusion that does n't make any damn sense ! I know this must of have been someone 's passion and that they spent years developing it , but before you released it to the public , did you bother to watch it ? Jessica Biel is sexy and a terrific actress who is way too good to be doing s ***** b-movies like this . If you 're a die-hard fan , check it out , she 's great , but if you 're not , I 'd definitely stay away from this one .
 I did not like this movie ... who was the Tall Man ? Movie made no sense and was a little confusing . I love Jessica Biel but this was the worst movie I seen her in .
 I chose this movie because I thought it was a horror film . After it ended , the roomful of people all glared at me in disappointment that I subjected them to this awful film.If you 've read other reviews , you might believe that there is a `` twist '' to it . I think the word twist is misleading because it might make you believe that something interesting might occur . I assure you , it wo n't . The film 's best moment is when it finally comes to an end.I do n't appreciate being deceived and lied to . The makers of this film trick you into watching the movie with a shamefully deceptive summary . Billed as a horror movie with the description , cover artwork , and even listed as a horror film in many instant movie watching services , its really an ODD social tale and the anticipated twist is a MAJOR letdown and actually is quite boring.What is really sad about the movie , is that its extremely slow and uneventful . Some might think its justified because you 're waiting for something interesting to happen , but since nothing interesting actually happens , the slowness and boring was all for nothing.I do n't want you to waste your time , do n't make the same mistake that I did .
 `` The Tall Man `` A convoluted plot that only becomes worse with poor acting . `` The Tall Man '' takes place in a remote mining town outside of Seattle , Washington , aptly named Cold Rock . Within this town lies a local legend named , not surprisingly , `` The Tall Man '' . This mysterious figure is responsible for the kidnapping and murder of the town children.Jessica Biel , a nurse who after recently widowed , becomes solely responsible of her only son . Biel , who remains a skeptic of the local legend , comes home only to find that her son has been kidnapped . She is then thrust into a murky plot to get her son back.What happens after is a whirlwind of events that convolutes one another , leaving the viewing audience in a frenzy of speculation
 This movie starts off really good with it 's spooky plot but midway through it nosedives and fizzles . At the beginning I was expecting a scary sort of `` Jeepers Creepers '' type of movie but this film changed plots at least 3 times -LRB- I think -RRB- leaving me confused as hell ! Was it scary ? Yea . Well directed ? Yes . Good storyline ? HELL NO !!! I checked and this film cost $ 18 million to make but only brought in a little more then 4.5 million . Can you say flopper ? Sure you can!At first the `` Tall Man '' is this spectre sort of charachter who lives in the woods and abducts children yet by movies end was the Tall Man was just a myth to mask a. . . child trafficing operation ?!? Help me out , I 'm confused !! The acting was good but this movie morphed itself into an off the cliff clunker ! To the director - if you start on course STAY ON COURSE !! Dont bait and switch and jump plots all throughout the film!And to you greenie directors just out of film school let me address you with the following
 Jessica , Jessica did you lose a bet ? Why were you even in this less then B movie ? I gave it two stars because she was in it . The story was the most pointless I have ever seen , It did have a few turns that you will not see coming other then that for get it .
 Review contains spoilers-Who are these people giving it three stars and above ? This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Just absolutely senseless , and honestly kind of insulting . This movie grows increasingly ludicrous as it goes on , starting of as a fairly interesting thrilling , and then it is revealed that the `` Tall Man '' is actually a small group of people kidnapping children from people they have deemed to be unfit parents , and then miraculously placing them in wealthy homes . At the end we see a few clips of these `` rescued '' kids enjoying their new found upper class existence , while their real parents are left devastated . After all of that the movie tries to paint the kidnappers as martyrs to their cause , when they are really monsters . This was a truly bizarre movie .
 This movie is n't as bad or as good as most people reviewing it here are saying . Forget who 's in it , forget your expectations , and this is a very average movie . The acting is solid , there are a few good plot twists -LRB- or not really twists since they never really got us seated in the plot in the first place -RRB- , and it is relatively suspenseful.Those are the positives . They 're enough to make it worth a watch if your bored some night and there 's nothing really good to watch.The negatives are that unfortunately for a suspense thriller/drama it 's actually kind of boring . I do n't know why they chose to start the movie off with a birth , but it really did set the mood for the rest of the film . It would have been much more grabbing if they would have started it off showing some kid get taken , or just something to really bring the audience in to the darker aspect.It 's not all that we 'll written and has some MAJOR plot issues * SPOILER alert * . Why did the radio turn on when the kid gets kidnapped from Biel 's house ? They could n't have thought of some better way to get her to walk downstairs ? Who turns a radio on when they 're stealing a kid ? Secondly , why the heck did the lady take biel with her in her vehicle when she knocked her out ? Thirdly why the heck was the kid even staying in Biehls house ? Are you telling me they had to bring him BACK to the crummy town to connect with the `` tall man '' ? Plot matters to me , so Im not crazy about this movie , but if you just want some suspense and twists it 's probably a good movie for you .
 and considering how many terrible movies I have seen that says a lot . Not since viewing `` The Watchmen '' have I ever been so upset after sitting down to watch a movie . This movie is about nothing but wasting 1hr and 30minutes of your life . I actually stopped the video to check and see how much longer it was going to be and my heart sank to see another 39 minutes on the players clock.Why would an innocent movie starring Jessica Biel be so bad ? Well I 'll just say it as best as I can without providing any spoilers for those interested in punishing themselves by watching this film . The movie is on the same level as The 6th sense , The Others , Willy Wonka -LRB- ok I 'm kidding about that one -RRB- where you watch the movie and at some point it 's like `` haha I fooled you , you thought it was going to be like this but it 's really like this '' . Pretty much it 's like an M.Night Shyamalan mind `` screw '' film . Except the twist is n't needed because the story never made any sense to begin with.The movie is about a poor town recovering from the Post Bush/Mid Obama era and for whatever reason children have been disappearing from the town over the years . Legend has it that someone called `` The Tall Man '' takes them . However you can forget the `` tall man story '' because that plot ends about half an hour into the film when it turns into a crime drama , and then at the end some kind of poetic notion to make you think -LRB- think about why did you just waste your time watching this nonsense -RRB- . Honestly you just feel cheated watching this flick . Why you asks ? Because you expect to see a horror film and this is not a horror film . It 's like some type of `` horror `` film a hipster would make before it went mainstream . In this movie `` Society '' is supposed to be the monster and the `` children '' are the innocent victims supposed to be the ones that need to be saved so they do n't become corrupted by society . This is n't a horror movie , it 's some type of political statement and it 's a pointless one.Some people complained about the ending of this movie . I 'm not sure what they were expecting . Me personally I was expecting to see `` Congratulations You Have Made It To The End Of This Movie '' flashing across the screen . As I 'm sure many others stopped halfway through it as I wish I did . I still will never understand why terrible movies are always LONGER than they need to be . ********** Edit Update **************** I called this one of the worst movies I have watched and I would like to retract that statement . I have just seen Paranormal 2 and now I am thankful to have seen this bad movie . Paranormal 2 is so bad it makes other terrible films look like masterpieces . This film is brilliant .
 It certainly does n't lack a twist , but to say it 's a clever one would be false . It really is entirely social commentary just after the middle of the movie , but not really social commentary that has any basis in reality or even political affiliation ... it 's a dreamer sentiment that implies adversity is wrong and elitist paths are the only way ... that 's not really what I thought I was getting into when I started a movie called `` Tall Man '' involving a creepy figure and child abductions . It 's not to say I was hoping it would n't be intelligent , I 'm saying it is n't intelligent . I gave two stars for the fact that it was an unpredictable twist , though a silly one .
 Do n't let the marketing fool you . THE TALL MAN is not a horror movie . Its really a pompous and contrived social commentary on the haves and the have-nots and not a very good one.Set in the Pacific Northwest in a dying mining town called Cold Rock , the story focuses on the disappearance of several children , possibly the victims of the town 's resident boogeyman , The Tall Man . Jessica Biel continues to prove she is an actress of limited skills , wandering through the film like a wayward zombie . Even good actors like Stephen McHattie , William B. Davis , Jonelle Ferland and Samantha Ferris seem listless and disinterested . Even after suffering the film 's plodding pacing , the supposed `` twist '' at the end does n't pay off . THE TALL MAN is ultimately a misguided attempt to bend genres that fails miserably .
 I am delighted that Sinister Cinema has begun to release so many oddball and unknown movies on DVD , but would have been , in retrospect , even happier if they had decided to skip `` War of the Insects '' -LRB- alternate title
 Many times , filmmakers give us minimalism in film , it works often , but there are quite few times , when it does not work great . This film is lengthy on the scenes , meaning specifically , the duration of a scene , but light on dialogue . There are several shots in the film where the camera stayed a much longer time on the subject than usual . I do n't know if the viewer became more engrossed in the lengthy scenes of `` almost nothing '' , or was it more annoying.And another example of a lengthy unexplainable scene is where a woman hangs clothes on the line , and I believe we see her hang each item from the clothes basket ... each item!This certainly is n't a film for the novice foreign film watcher . Frankly , if you are new to watching foreign language film , please do not start with this one . You will remain puzzled and rather bored.A father son bonding film follows the journey Russia . The father has recently lost the wife/mother and the trek across the countryside in search of Koktebel . The father , an alcoholic and his 11 year old son , travel on foot , or railroad . The young man has a mission , but the father falling off the wagon , seems haphazard in the quest . They do encounter characters along the way , and even working during the trek . Cinematography is great.Realistically , I ca n't see much happened . And , I am sure one needs to grasp the idea of father and son in their relationship , but it is difficult to grasp that . It was difficult to hold on the the film with feelings , wonderment , or excitement.Film Movement generally brings wonderful films from around the world , films by good actors , directors , and great storylines . This fell short!I like minimalist films , but this one did n't do it for me ... Rizzo
 I was very disappointed in this movie . Many , many of the scenes are way too long with no action or even narration . For example , there is one scene where the boy is looking out the door of a box car as the train is moving - and all you see are the trees and fields going by . Also , the story is very weak , if , indeed there is even a real story there . To me it was just a collection of encounters with various people along the way . The only reason I can see for one to watch this movie would be to get some glimpse of how the people live in Russia and the old Soviet Union .
 I very much enjoy movies produced outside the USA and was very let down by this Russian movie . I found it very hard to complete the vieweing of it , even at 1.5 speed ! Many scenes are extremely SLOW in pace with unnecessary video repetition of things . Acting was OK but not especially good and the story was not interesting . If you want to see an excellent Russian movie , please watch `` The Return '' . There is a world of difference between the two movies in all aspects of `` movie making '' . I feel that it is what making a motion picture is all about . Do n't bother with Roads to Koktebel .
 I gave it two stars for cinematography only . Otherwise it 's pretty bland , you 'll regret watching it all the way through . Bratty kid and messed up dad traveling through Russian country side depending on kindness of strangers as they go . Some people are nice and some are less than kind , it has potential at first then it drops off precipitously .
 This movie drags on and on , leaving you depressed . I could n't even finish watching it , I was so bored by 3/4 of the way through .
 Garage Days -LRB- Alex Proyas , 2002 -RRB- There is something deeply , desperately wrong with a movie 's marketing when the very tag line seen on posters around the world gives away the film 's major plot twist . That does n't stop this from being an amusing little film , however . It involves an Australian garage rock band fronted by Freddy -LRB- Spartan 's Kick Gurry -RRB- who are trying to find a place to play . Freddy 's girlfriend Tanya -LRB- Queen of the Damned 's Pia Miranda -RRB- plays bass . Guitarist Joe -LRB- Brett Stiller -RRB- is predictably moody , and is in tenuous ground with girlfriend Kate -LRB- XX/XY 's Maya Stange -RRB- . Manager Bruno -LRB- Russell Dykstra , from the BlackJack franchise -RRB- is something of a lovable foulup who seems congenitally incapable of getting the band gigs , but a chance encounter at a bar between Freddy and the manager of Sprimp , Australia 's hottest act , gives the band hope . Meanwhile , with the various relationships on the rocks , Freddy finds himself more and more attracted to Kate ; will internal pressures kill the band off before they can even make it to their first gig?As much as I hate to say it , the weak link in this chain is director Alex Proyas . When Proyas is in his element , I have endless respect for the man ; The Crow and Dark City are well on their way to becoming bona fide classics , and he even managed to make something halfway watchable out of I , Robot . The common thread , of course , is that all of these films are dark , moody pieces punctuated with frenetic action scenes . Garage Days , on the other hand , is a light comedy piece . Not the kind of thing one would expect from a guy who normally does dark fantasy action pictures , and it shows . Imagine if David Fincher tried to do a remake of , say , Sunday in the Park with George . The general raucousness of the film feels forced at times , artificially subdued at others . The upside to it , though , is that the comedy tends to be more understated than one would expect from a movie of this type , which leads to some subtle -LRB- and some disturbing -RRB- gags that might have otherwise come off as silly and/or tasteless.It could have been a better film , to be sure , but it 's not a bad one as it stands . Worth checking out , at least . **
 I rented this movie because a lot of people said it was sooooo good . It 's not . It follows the exploits of a doofy guy who lives with a bunch of other slackers and dolts , and shows his semi-pathetic efforts to win back a woman he had an affair with long ago . It 's not a horrible movie , but it is n't really very good , either .
 This movie was extraordinarily overrated . I looked forward to seeing it since last summer , since I had read a lot of positive reviews about the film , and since I like what little I have seen of Donal Logue -LRB- notably the excellent cab driver he used to play in MTV spots - his own brainchild , no less -RRB- . Boy , was I disappointed.I think self-described `` discriminating filmgoers '' and reviewers both tend to be wowed by films that lack action sequences and feature lots of dialogue and sharp one-liners . However , that alone does not make a great movie . For one , I had a lot of trouble believing that a guy like Dex was capable of spouting off the kind of philosophical gibberish that he did throughout the film . Secondly , even if you buy the premise that Dex is a thinking-man 's stoner who is well-read and deep , you do n't like him any more because of it . His spiels about bedding women and enlightenment were really , really boring , and would have sounded more genuine from a man half his age . And the cultish way in which Dex and his buddies followed the tenets repeated throughout the movie , as well as their allegiance to Steves , reminded me of that epidemic of `` Men 's shows '' -LRB- like The Man Show , and that one hosted by Frank Zappa 's son -RRB- that try to promulgate what is cool and macho . Another reviewer herein appropriately mentioned `` Swingers , '' which I also hated for many reasons , including its attempt to write the script for what was cool without worrying about any accompanying storyline , plot , or redeeming characters . `` Tao of Steve '' is like that - the story seems to have quickly originated from someone 's `` Cool List , '' without form.There were so many other things that were tough to swallow in this movie
 I started trying to watch this and could n't get more than 20 minutes in . Others my find it a good movie , but it was hard for me to enjoy . Other similar titles I like are Alfie , Californication , Fight Club , Choke , etc. .
 OK , stop me if you 've heard this before , because I sure have . The Tao of Steve is a film about an overeducated , overconfident and underachieving thirtysomething who , unsatisfied with the world of easy women and modern-day relationships , decides to pursue a girl , who - gasp - actually rejects his romantic pursuits at first , then gives in to his charm -LRB- ? -RRB- and despite a few rough spots , they find love ... or do they ? Original , right ? The mood says `` indie '' but the plot reads as if it was written by a college freshman in Creative Writing 101 after plagarizing his textbook for a story idea.Unlike most romantic comedies in this vein where the hero is a lovable loser , the main character in this film is an actual loser - a loathsome jerk with few redeeming qualities . I would find it hard to believe that the audience can or would identify with the guy . He reminded me a bit of the Star Trek-loving owner of the comic book shop in `` The Simpsons . '' The writer & director try to give the main character some of that indie film ` edginess ' -LRB- see `` Swingers '' -RRB- by having him quote one-liners about dating and modern-day relationships from Eastern philosophy , but they all come off as cliched and forced and are destined to be repeated in internet chat rooms and college campuses across America . Same with the fascination with 1970s lowbrow pop culture -LRB- OK , Steve McQueen was big in the 60s -RRB- . C'mon , it was done almost 10 years before with the Brady Movie ! -LRB- spoiler -RRB- This film is one string of formulas after another that have been done so many times , it 's like southwest furniture and dream catchers hanging from endless rearview mirrors - enough already !
 I had heard a lot of good things about this movie . I thought it was going to be good , funny , look at dating . I was hoping for a regular guys kinda of swingers . Instead , well it was just plain boring . I really wanted to like this film . No such luck .
 Vulgar , sloppy Donal Loge -LRB- last seen ascomplainer in Mel Gibson 's film ` The Pa-triot ' , plays stoner and womanizing slouch , who happens to be kindergarten teacher -LRB- !! -RRB- , who gets wake up call while trying to charmthe pants -LRB- literally -RRB- off John Goodman 's reallife wife ! He meets his match and learns a fewthings along the way . All-American Steve 's getlooked up to in here ; especially Steve McGar-rett ! Horay for that , otherwise this sort ofdull film would get two star rating from moi !
 i guess i was expecting the cinematic equivalent of - the tao of pooh - , which this is not . silly me.this is basically another movie about what men do to get women to have sex with them , along with a typical dysfunctional i 'll - be-miserable-without-you love story.i did like the characters , acting , and the scenery , so that 's something.it 's a pleasant movie to kill some time .
 Terrible script . Jenniphr -LRB- notice her pretentious spelling -RRB- Goodman should really go to film school . Style will never replace substance . The film is sophomoric at best , and not clever at all . Besides using her actress-y sister in the lead , Goodman uses what seem to be friends and family in the film . There is theoretically nothing wrong with helping friends and family score some money and work , but please let them be deserving.Terrible . A waste of time and money .
 What an idiotic piece of drivel this movie is . The hero of the movie acts like he knows everything about women , but he 's only interested in getting laid . He 's never even had an actual girlfriend , never mind really loved anybody . He comes off like a Taoistic expert on women . Right , and Evil Kneivel is a Zen expert on motorcycle maintainance . All this guy knows about women is how to degrade them . He 's a fat unlikable moron who needs a shave but in the movie he gets laid but in real life he would have no friends . He calls women `` chicks '' and somehow they drop their pants . Right . Sort of like calling a judge `` wig head '' and having him dropping the charges . Worst of all , he has a terrible frisbee throw , yet he makes a ace in disc golf with a weak , wobbly sidearm that would not impress my 7 year old son . Similarly , he seduces beautiful women with the manner of a rutting boar . The writer of the movie must have had the development of a 14 year old who just pleaseured himself over his first issue of Playboy.Basically its the worst movie I 've ever seen .
 I have always been a huge fan of both Helen Hunt and Bette Midler so I thought that a movie with them together had to be a winner . Big mistake on my part ! I was and still shocked by the screenplay 's continual negative reference to international adoption . The movie 's dialogue has constant commentary about `` no , I do n't want a Chinese baby '' . As an adoptive parent , I am painfully aware that not everyone understands my choice or how international adoption works but I found the commentary offensive . I can not recommend this movie to anyone !
 Love all these actors . The story was interesting and flowing nicely . Felt a jab when Bette first said my Lord 's name , but a real kick in the stomach toward the end of the movie when His name was mixed with a foul word . This should not be . I am offended . Hollywood should consider those of us who love and honor Jesus Christ .
 This vendor :1 . took too long to get the product too me - TWO WEEKS - arrived PAST THE LAST DUE DATE .2 . Never responded to my questions/complaints .3 . I do n't think they shipped the product on the day they said . I think they shipped at the last minute AFTER I started complaining .
 predictable , but enteraining enough to continue to watch , and know what the ending will be . Part of my problem is , I am not a Helen Hunt fan , so for me , she is a distraction . does the woman ever smile , is not always in angst ? Light mindless entertainment .
 Who would have thought , that with such a `` great '' list of actors & actresses that this movie would be so bad . The scrip must have been written by a foul mouthed teenager as it had no depth and no direction & every other word was a swear word . Do people really talk like that ? Not were I live and thank goodness . YUK
 I found this movie very sad and rather boring since I enjoy laughing.There were no laughs , even the actors had nothing to laugh about.I agree with some of the other reviews in that Bette Midler was the only spark ofentertainment in the whole movie.She was the only one worth watching.If I had the `` zero stars '' option , I would have clicked that .
 This movie was reccommended to us by a relative who enjoyed it . Throughout the whole movie , April -LRB- Hunt -RRB- , just makes a bigger mess of her life . I was waiting for something signifigant to happen , something good , but it never did . The ending was nice but not well done . I can not give it away but it skipped around a bit and ended abruptly .
 I think that it is very sad that Colin Firth will take up any role as long as he is paid for it . For me his 1994 movie `` The Playmaker '' is an example of that . Now I can add another movie `` Then she found me '' to this list . Dialogue is strained and not flowing too well . There is no fire between him and Helen Hunt . Even with tons of makeup on her face , she looks older than the supposed age of mid forties . If you do not believe me , look at the movie ratings , it has not been out for 2 weeks and its sales rating is above 200 .
 With Colin Firth and Bette Midler and Hunt I thought it had to at least be decent . I kept waiting for it to get better but it started in the gutter -LRB- metaphorically -RRB- and stayed there . I stayed to the end only to wish I had the time back but thought maybe it would redeem itself . I do n't blame the actors completely , the writers and director seems to have beaten the life out of them and they acted just enough to get out of their contracts and hope like heck that no one ever sees this `` film '' .
 I am a guy and I often like `` women 's '' movies - either carefree chick flicks , sappy romances , or on occasion , serious movies with really defective people - e.g. like Halle Berry inMonster 's Ball . Knowing this movie was going to one of these , I was astonished how far from good this movie was with Helen Hunt and Colin Firth in it - I had expected a great movie - but it was all I could do to watch it . The story line is fairly preposterous and doubles down later to sheer incredulity.Hunt 's character is a 39 year old woman who teaches Elementary school children . Helen Hunt is a beautiful woman but the make up/style in this movie makes her look like a disheveled late 40 's woman who has bulimia , she really looks awful in almost every scene -LRB- very few beautiful women can pull this off , unfortunately Helen Hunt does not do it here -RRB- . We find out she was adopted by a Jewish family in some odd out-of-place family scenes . She marries a Jewish man -LRB- played by Matthew Broderick , who was terribly miscast in this role -RRB- . That marriage ends quickly and very awkwardly . The rest of the movie is a disjointed plot/subplot story ... Hunt 's character 's actual mother -LRB- played by Bette Midler -RRB- , who is some kind of TV talk show host , appears out of no where , and wants a mother-daughter relationship with her 39 year old daughter . The other story line is another very awkward love story with Firth 's character , a parent of a student in Hunt 's class . Firth 's character has odd habits - never explained or tied into anything -LRB- did his wife die ? leave him for another man ? woman ? why , he seems almost perfect ? -RRB- Hunt 's character starts dating Firth 's character almost immediately after her marriage ends . She finds out she is pregnant -LRB- by the ex-husband , they had awkward in-the-kitchen sex the night he left ?? -RRB- and then the preposterous part of the story really kicks into gear . She goes to the doctor first with the ex husband and Firth 's character ; later after a fight , her brother from her adopted family comes with her , the ex husband brings a date ? In between , the ex-husband asks for a ride home from a doctor appointment , and Hunt 's character has sex with him in broad daylight in the back seat of her car . -LRB- an awkward , silly scene -RRB- In the sub story , Hunt 's character does not believe her newly found mother -LRB- who appears in many scenes with a guy whose point/role is never explained -RRB- . I could not here explain fully how bizarre most of this plot is ... there is a point that Hunt 's character does a DNA test from stolen hair , and then blackmails the mother to pay for fertility drugs after she has a miscarriage . This just seemed implausible from such a meek character . The mother lies to Hunt 's character about all kinds of things , and then starts stalking her daughter after the lies turn to shunning . The whole subplot just was uninteresting . The movie ends abruptly when it appears that she adopts a child instead of having one.Hunt plays her character very dead pan throughout the movie - as if her life was pointless - and in the end , I just did not care about her life , any more than she did in the movie.To the extent this movie was trying to be `` realistic '' in portraying life , in my view it failed miserably . The character interactions are very disjointed and often unexplained . Some scenes looked as if they were cut in for some point that was never set up -LRB- for example , Midler 's character comments on a 50 year old guy 's but , and then later might be sleeping with him , but who is he , why ? it just made no sense - we had already figured out she was a narcissist -RRB- . People do not pick up a date and first go to an ex-wife 's ultrasound , unless the date is a prostitute . This movie just does not come off at all realistic . Or entertaining.If you like really depressing movies with characters that meander through life , do pointless things , interact in unrealistic manners , and then the movie just ends ... then you might like this . Otherwise , do yourself a favor and spend 2 hours doing something else more life enriching ...
 What a disappointment this movie was . It had really good actors but it was slow , uninteresting , and just a waste of time .
 When a movie gives Jesus the F word as a middle name I ca n't watch it and it is all over for me .
 I 'm not sure what to say about this movie . I was excited to see the star line up , but did n't particularly like any of the characters . I did n't mourn the end nor celebrate the beginning of any of the relationships . I was mostly puzzled and wondering why ?
 I do n't know if Helen Hunt was sick or dieted until she looked terrible , but I found it so disconcerting that I could not enjoy or finish watching the film . She should have played Bet Middler 's mother - not the other way around .
 Colin Firth and Bette Midler are good actors but this movie is just awful . Helen Hunt is just so depressing . There is nothing light or funny about this movie , as the cover might imply .
 There are many movies that do n't get made for a long time because people are afraid to take a financial risk on something different . There are other movies that maybe just should n't be made . This is the latter . I ca n't give it one star because it was well acted . The few people who recognize this title probably sought it out and are into a very niche sort of veiwer . They will like this because it is what it is . A bad Lifetime movie sort of offering but well acted and filmed . This movie just is n't compelling or funny or other . If Helen and the artists involved made it out of their own pocket and produced it as a labor of love , more power to them . They created what they were after and it is a work they can appreciate themselves . It does n't matter what the world thinks .
 Story about a woman who was adopted at an infant age . Now an adult the desire to have her own kids is extreme enough to marry a `` man '' and get pregnant . Through the roller coaster of love , marriage , and relationship change up her biological mother tracks her down . Very predictable twist and turns .
 I chose this movie assuming that a good cast equals a quality film . Well , I was wrong . I found the movie choppy , unbelievable and poorly written/produced . Helen Hunt appears much older than age 39 and malnourished , but even that would have been tolerable if her character was truly believable and , in my opinion , authentically Jewish . I 've enjoyed the actors in previous movies , but this movie , Then She Found Me , seemed to be thrown together without being constructively reviewed or edited . For me , it was excruciating to watch because I hoped at any moment there would be chemistry between the characters and a well produced movie . There were a few touching parts of this movie toward the very end , but those were overshadowed by the lack of consistency throughout .
 A BORE , BAD ACTING , AKWARD AND PLAIN BAD . TORTURE JUST SITTIING THROUGH 10 MINS OF THIS MOVIE . DONT WASTE YOURE TIME .
 I guess someone had to make a film like this . It seems like the `` important films '' that get small audiences but `` deserve '' more attention always deal with someone 's inability to deal with a mundane problem ; i.e. I had a poor childhood , so-and-so abused me , I was deprived of this , that and the other thing , blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ... whatever.Okay , I admit it right now that I prefer watching a venerable no brainer like `` Smokey and the Bandit '' verse a therapy session disguised as a feature film with a couple of name actresses , but that 's who I am.I think someone ought to address whoever the screenplay artist was , get the real doctor 's and patient 's names upon whom this screenplay was based , and then present them to the world for all to see . Not that that would make any difference , but perhaps it might serve to producers to select more entertaining fair mainstream audiences.It 's well acted , dressed , and otherwise executed , but the story , though not contrived , just seems to be someone venting about their personal problems . I 'm simply tired of those kinds of films.Enjoy .
 My wife and I hated this movie . We turned it off . It was hurtful and fake , and if anyone has gone through the things this movie portrayed would be as angry at this movie as we were . do n't watch .
 I rented that movie mainly because of Colin Firth . Well . . what was he doing in that boring movie ? An actor of his calibre deserves much better roles than that . The story is not captivating at all , so much so that my husband slept half through it , and it 's a miracle I watched it till the end ... hoping for a miracle that di n't happen . Such a disappointing movie !
 In reality my review reflects more on Helen Hunt 's appearance than the movie itself . It is difficult to evaluate and appreciate the movie when you are bogged down by the appearance of one of the actors . Hunt has aged considerably and quickly and additionally looks oddly thin . I am all for an aging actress landing a role and doing so without Botox and other wonders of modern medicine , however , casting such an actress appropriately is essential to the flow of a film . In this movie , Hunt plays a 38 year old , while in reality she was 43 , and looks beyond her 43 years . It is not a good casting decision . Unfortunately , Hunt directs and obviously made a poor decision here . Normally , I would hate to criticize appearances , but when casting someone to play a character a few years younger , the actress needs to convincingly convey a younger look . The opposite happened here , with a character that looks ten years older than she is portrayed .
 Kept hoping it would get better . Could have been great . Dull , flat and nearly horrid . I kept watching it though , hoping it would improve . I had nothing better to do , except maybe wash my hair , or bake a loaf of bread . I missed both .
 This film was saved by Bette Midler who injects humour , wisdom and fun as the biological mother , Bernice . Helen Hunt who plays April Ebner I am afraid to say looked drab and depressing . The film also just trotted out the old cliche of `` panicking woman with biological clock ticking '' format . The scenes with Colin Firth are dull and the conversation is stilted and it was a bit cringy watching . I read that many feminists are lauding this as an excellent portrayal of motherhood but I disagree . There seems to be , in April 's desperate attempts at motherhood , very little airplay for ethical issues such as the child 's right to having a father . There is no mention of this just the `` I want a baby ! '' cry from April . The panicking was depressing . I felt actually a bit down after this movie because I think there are many women out there who are happily producing children in their late thirties and into their forties . The boundaries are being pushed constantly and yet here is a film that just uses the panicked woman as its protagonist . I do n't see that as innovative for motherhood or even pertinent in this era .
 As a Massive Bette Midler fan and quite fond of Helen Hunt - This Movie is a Stinker ... Boring to boot , no excitement , very little emotion ... Hads i seen this at the cinema i would want a refund ... I love you Bette however this was another bad choice of movie role .
 PLEASE - DO N'T let this whiny , selfish , humorless - and * always * scowling Helen Hunt - centered piece of garbage put you off reading Eleanor Lipman 's sweet , gentle , humorous novel.This DRECK only resembles the book in title and that a few of the characters bear the same name as in the book . The resemblance dies there - not even the first few -LRB- stupid , off-putting story -RRB- lines of this dope-us are from the book.Skip this `` film '' and read Ms. Lipman 's sweet , charmingly low-key novel .
 This movie is so gosh awful it 's hard to put in words.The story is so scripted . No emotion or relaity in it at all.Helen Hunt walks around looking like a total hag with a wrinkled brow -LRB- she looks well over 50 when she is supposed to be playing a 39 year old . And skinny ! What happened to her ? -RRB- I did not like her character at all . AT ALL !! There is no chemistry between her character and Colin Firth 's . . It 's ridiculous . And I hated the way she treated her birth mother.Can you tell me ONE possible motive for someone to lie about being someone 's mother ?? That is just stupid.Bette Midler is lovely but I am embarrassed for her that she took part in this total dog of a film .
 If this movie was re-marketed as a horror movie , I might be able to watch it through because Helen Hunt looks horrible . She looks like she 's aged 30 years since that sitcom . Maybe she was abducted by aliens and drained of all fluids . To make matters worse , just when you figure out that there 's nothing wrong with the TV or your eyes , they make an issue out of her turning 39 when she looks like she 's 59 . It 's utterly unwatchable after that .
 Kept waiting for it to get better - but it did n't . Characters were n't believable and it was n't funny enough to make it as `` romantic comedy '' . Really pretty stupid . Unnecessary use of the F word . I could n't even watch to the end it was so boring and empty . I was looking for light chick flick brain candy - but this was empty even for that . blech , do n't waste your time and certainly not your money .
 Fabulous cast in an awful movie . Since I was bored I had plenty of time to think
 Helen Hunt plays a newly married 39-year old woman whose biological clock is ticking . Her callow hubby , played by Matthew Broderick , dumps her and she soon thereafter takes up with the father -LRB- Colin Firth -RRB- of one of her preschool students . Right!The cast is strong but can not carry this weak plot . The characters are two-dimensional and formulaic . There was n't a single one I cared for . At times , Helen Hunt sounds like she is literally reading her lines . The pacing is slow as a tortoise.I wish she had n't found me !
 Hard language was not expected ! The F bomb is dropped including , `` Jesus F'ing Christ . '' This is unacceptable . Not for families . Otherwise it was fair .
 Ok , I tried . I really , really tried not to compare the movie with the book . I loved the book , a tender , poignant journey of love in which April , albeit unwillingly , learns to accept the difficult person who gave birth to her and slowly learns the devastating truth of her past . But Elinor Lipman says she does not mind the fact that Helen Hunt basically took her book and scissored away everything but a few names and the center plot of the book , and came up with this idiotic film about ticking biological clocks instead.But I have to wonder , how can she not mind ? This hash of a movie bears little resemblance to what it was based on , so why did Helen Hunt not just find someone to write a new screenplay about a woman who wanted to have a baby ? Why did she take a brilliant story , with fabulous characters , and turn it into this really rather dumb movie?In the book , Bernice is difficult but ultimately complex and suprisingly sympathetic by the end , but Bette Midler 's Bernice is just a cardboard cutout of the same person . And it 's a shame , because Midler would have played the `` real '' Bernice beautifully if she had had a decent script to work with . And in the book , April is a bit uptight , but not the brittle , haggard neurotic that is portrayed here . And while Colin Firth is , as usual , great to look at , his character is poorly written as well . The male `` hero '' of the book , Dwight , and his relationship with April , are so appealing , that I can not believe these two annoying men and their shallow interactions with the main character are supposed to replace that.I did give this movie two stars because I liked Salman Rushdie playing the part of the doctor and I liked the sweet little twist at the end . But the whole time I watched it , I could n't help thinking of the wonderful book at home on my shelf and asking , `` Why , oh why , did someone have to screw it up so very badly ? ''
 I did n't like this movie at all . It had a cast of actors that I normally enjoy but the way they were cast and the dialogue they were given made me dislike their on-screen characters . Hunt herself looks practically elderly and she is supposed to be an attractive 39 year old . Broderick is as whiny and creepy as everything I 've seen him in lately . Colin Firth was erratic and outright ugly most of the time as if they told him to just act as angry and frazzled as possible . The actors only flesh out their roles briefly here and there and are cardboard cutouts most of the time - especially Helen in the lead role . Only Bett Midler 's character had any actual life and energy in her . She brought some fresh air , even some heart , to her scenes but it was n't enough to cast off the gray that hung over this film . If you want to see what it looks like to have life dump on shallow people then watch this film . If you want to see a strong character push through the challenges of life and rise above their circumstances you may be , like me , disappointed . I do think this is one of those love it or hate it films and for me it was the latter .
 I agree with all the critical comments here
 This movie starts with a Jewish wedding . In the next scene a few months later , the bride 's mother is dying in the hospital but still berating her adopted daughter for not having children . In the next scene , the groom played by Matthew Broderick admits having an affair ; the next scene , the mother dies ; the next , a woman shows up claiming to be the bride 's birth mother ; the next , the bride played by Helen Hunt , an elementary school teacher , sees the father of one of her students -LRB- Colin Firth -RRB- and it 's LOVE at first sight ; the next , she 's sleeping with him -LRB- with his two small kids in the house -RRB- ; the next , she 's pregnant ; the next , she 's making out with Broderick in a car in the middle of the street in broad daylight ; the next , Firth is pissed ; the next , she discovers the birth mother -LRB- Better Midler -RRB- lied to her ; the next , she discovers she really is the birth mother ; the next , she 's having a miscarriage -- and so it goes , on and on , one stupid thing after another in this incoherent , unfunny , unwitty , uninsightful and often yucky movie . -LRB- I 'm giving it two stars because I reserve one star for the really godawful howlers that I ca n't even watch to the end -RRB- . Here , none of the characters are convincing . Firth does his usual Mr. Darcy thing but seems to have the mind of a 14-year-old in the body of a late 40-something . Midler has the mind of a 12-year-old in the body of a late 60-something . Broderick , the mind of a 10-year old etc etc. . . One good thing
 From the beginning of the movie , to about three-quarters of the way through , when I ejected it -- I kept telling myself `` it 's got to get better '' -- it never did . There was n't a single character that `` grabbed me '' -- and at least two that finally caused me to push the eject button.Does Helen Hunt ever play a role where the audience is n't glaringly aware that it 's Helen Hunt on the screen ? She whines and chews her way through every line of dialogue until the hair on my arms stands on end . She never deviates
 I kept waiting to care about the characters in this film but , after wasting the nearly 2 hours it took to get to the end of the story , I found that NONE of the characters had a single redeeming or likable quality and I could n't have cared less about how any of them ended up.I 'll admit that I 've never much liked Helen Hunt as an actor but , since I do -LRB- usually -RRB- like the other leading actors , I did n't but should have followed my better instincts to just shut the film off.What this film shows are 4 different examples of totally messed up adults that never managed to mature . The ONLY `` grown up '' decision was made by one of the characters at the age of 15 . Beyond that , nothing but emotional cripples . Sound like your cup of tea ? It sure does n't come close to mine!I 'd recommend you pass on this one . -LRB- 2 STARS instead of 1 simply because I like watching a couple of the actors . Probably should have given it only 1 STAR . -RRB-
 Because of the great actors in it , I was eagerly anticipating this movie . Unfortunately , I was very disappointed . Though Hunt tried , the script just did n't let the actors bring their characters to the screen . In short , save your money .
 This movie was SLOW and boring . I kept waiting for it to get better but it did n't . Gave up after an hour .
 This movie started slow and an hour into it I found myself waiting for something interesting to happen , by that time I felt I had so much time invested I may as well watch the rest . What torture . Horrible movie with disfunctional characters that behave like fools . Then finally Bette walked in and saved the day , she did n't have any great script to rely on though . Helen Hunt and Matthew Broderick do n't have any chemistry and they 're not believable as a couple so when things get rocky in their marriage you find yourself rooting for the break up . Helen 's more believable with Colin Firth but her role makes her out to be an idiot . There 's nothing interesting about this movie , not even the setting . I 'm a huge Colin Firth and Bette Midler fan and their roles here are forgettable .
 Wow ... what a jumpy , choppy , uninteresting story . There are many great actors in this movie that just seem lost . Hunt does a great job with her character , but the movie is n't strong enough for it . Broderick was just an extra it seemed , appearing in random segments . Midler 's performance was annoying . Poor Firth should have picked a better script as well.Don ' t bother with this one . This movie just proves the extreme excess that Hollywood pays for substandard quality .
 This was such a huge disappointmet . The commercial for it seemed to be funny and quirky , though dramatic . That is perfectly a good recipe for me . However , the guy that you are supposed to like , you do n't . The woman that is supposed to be going through a hard time , you do n't care about because she brings it on herself . Sure , the ex-husband is not a good person , and they have their falling out , but then in reality , they would NOT have tried to get back together , not even for a quicky . And the 8-week old baby in the sonagram with a fully formed head and body and strong heart beat - did they never have children these writters and directors ? the inaccuracies of the doctor visits was horrible . I have been there for my children , and even though at 8-weeks they are not that fully formed , it is still wonderful and beautiful . Fiction takes liberties , but do not try to with Mother Nature . And the ending made the movie worse than the hour and a half previous to it . There was no reason for the way things went , and the characters were completely unlikeable , and the story very fake . I would never recommend this movie to anyone EVER !
 I am not sure what Helen Hunt was thinking here , but this movie is a total waste of time . It 's also a total waste of Colin Firth 's talent . Ms. Hunt looks terrible in this film and I am not sure if that is the way her character is supposed to look . Even with a little bit of make-up on , she looks very tired . The dialogue is snappy and at times funny and that is partly due to Bette Midler 's comedic talents . Both , she and Colin Firth , save the film in some of the scenes . Matthew Broderick looks like he is being forced to act . The story and how it evolves is choppy at best and does not have a consistency to it that could have saved the film on some level . Helen Hunt is a terrific actress and should stick to acting because directing and acting at the same is distracting . And it shows .
 All of the actors had great ernest , but the story was so contrived and you really never cared for the protagonist -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- . I 'm not sure why this story got told . I overall left me displeased with all of the characters and more than a bit sad . Not a RomCom , just a forced drama .
 The bright spot in this movie was Bette M. I do n't understand how an actor of Firth 's calibre could waste his talents by appearing in this drivel . To characterize this movie as a comedy is a total misleading fib . Nothing like the book !
 Helen Hunt plays a &#34; Calamity Jane &#34; role in this slow moving story . Even Bette Midler fails to save the dull story line .
 I could n't get into this movie and only made it about 25 minutes . It was boring and awkward , even with a great cast .
 I am a big fan of all the actors in this movie . Unfortunately , the movie comes across as stilted , unrealistic and a downer . Helen Hunt , who I love , gives a grimacing , frowning performance , sans makeup . She looks tired and like she does n't want to be in the movie . Although she has awful things happen to her , like her husband leaving , she has sex with him in a car with the door open on a public street . What ? And why Colin Firth would want to be with her is a mystery.This movie is a prime example of why some actors should not be directors .
 I was enjoying this movie for it 's good acting , for Helen Hunt being willing to show that she is aging and for some really emotional scenes where she is upset and crying with the camera just inches from her face , for the interesting interactions between some of the individuals I was beginning to like . Then I started thinking about the foul language . Do adults really talk like this today ? I have n't known anyone who talks like this since I finished freshman year of college some decades ago . Do adults about to get divorced get so consumed by lust for one another that they start having sex in an open car on the street in broad daylight ? I began thinking about what Hollywood presents as desirable lifestyles . How 's that working out for people ? Why are they always so confused and unhappy and dysfunctional . Then I realized it 's because they have failed in their most basic assignment as human beings . They have failed to get wisdom . So many bad choices leading to so much unhappiness . So while I enjoyed some aspects of this movie , on the whole it fails to entertain or inform . Instead it just left me feeling sad that people think life should be like this .
 This is a horrible movie . Do n't watch it . It 's boring and the acting is awful . You think it 's going somewhere and then it leads you to a brickwall where you ask yourself `` Why did I watch this movie ? '' The movie is slow , the lighting , sets , and writing are bad . The acting is just horrible . I really feel like the director failed these actors . These actors are great , just not in this movie . Also , the main character sucks , she really deserves a horrible life because she expects nothing from her life . She does nothing to make herself move forward in a positive way . Hey if you want to watch a movie about people who are negative and get themselves stuck in a hole , a boring , why watch this movie , hole ? Go ahead and waste an hour and 41 minutes with this movie . It will make you want to blow your brains out due to the fact that anyone watching this movie could have written a better movie .
 I watched this movie for free thru Amazon Prime . Helen Hunt - love her . Bette Midler - great . Matthew Broderick and Colin Firth - good actors . But the movie itself was just lame . Not sure there was a point to all of it ... a lot of disappointing choices made by the characters , more cursing than I care for , no real `` highs '' and just not a `` feel good '' movie . I do n't recommend ... even for free .
 Helen Hunt looked awful - did not look age of `` 39 and a half years '' as her character is supposed to be . Her acting was flat . Too many unconnected and weird things , too unrealistic , parts too over the top , others too flat . Watched the whole movie but it ended abuptly , seemed an odd finish . Not worth your time !
 Half way through watching this I realized I had already seen it a few years ago , but it was so unremarkable I had forgotten all about it . Helen Hunt 's character just has nothing going for her . She 's cold and unappealing ; her angst is uninteresting and seems self-centered . One wonders what the Colin Firth character -LRB- why there are 2 starts isatead of 1 -RRB- sees in her . Normally I like these actors , but ... do n't waste your time !
 As common place as `` coming out '' plots are in Queer Cinema , the beauty of them is that no two tales of coming out are ever exactly alike . Just out on DVD this month comes a film that tackles the , often , trite theme in Outing Riley . Set in Chicago filled with beautiful shots of the windy city , Bobby Riley -LRB- Pete Jones -RRB- is an architect who appears to be your average Chicagoan guy who loves his beer , sports and his family -- a close nit bunch that includes 3 older brothers and his little sister.The little sister , Maggie -LRB- Julie R. Pearl -RRB- , is the principal piece that keeps the Riley family together now that both of their parents are deceased . Maggie stands alone in the family as the sole Riley family member who knows about Bobby 's true sexual orientation and because of her unassuming yet pivotal role among the 5 siblings it was the most logical writing choice as the one who knows Bobby 's `` secret . '' Perhaps because of the choosing of a female character to harbor such surreptitious information , it was also a stereotypical writing choice . Far from originality , at one point Maggie even tells Bobby that she loved him like the sister she never had.Stereotypes are abundant in Outing Riley , however and thankfully , Bobby 's character was not ... his brothers were ! Talk about your typical misogynistic wan na be macho homophobic straight men . In addition to their womanizing ways Bobby 's brothers were so juvenile you 'd swear that these 3 very adult men -LRB- at least in age -RRB- were the modern day 3 Stooges . The brothers quickly grew tiresome but were crucial to understanding Bobby 's predicament.Such generalization of the brothers was clearly the impetus for Bobby ` sextreme masquerade with his family , despite the fact that Bobby shares an apartment with his partner Andy -LRB- Michael McDonald -RRB- and as a result it is Maggie who eggs on and orchestrates Bobby 's revelation . His faade included a beard and even participates in the silly `` boys will be boys '' antics of checking out chicks with his brothers . Predictably , Bobby 's `` straight '' appearance and actions are not only deceiving ; to his brothers it is down right deplorable when they learn that he is not straight.Excluding the extreme , yet expected , response from the three brothers Outing Riley overall is neither heavy nor even close to a tear jerker . Instead Pete Jones , who stars as Bobby Riley , wrote and directed the movie , attempts to be comical and quirky while keeping the heart felt moments subtle and short . Even with a few fairly good laughs in Outing Riley , still missing was a genuine nuance of a gay sensibility . Such as when Bobby tells us that he knew he was gay when he `` liked the sweet contrast of soft lips and bearded cheeks the first time I kissed my aunt rose ! '' Funny , indeed , but not something that a gay man would mark as a moment of sexual realization . Bobby 's narrating went beyond the usual foretelling . Here , his unconventional complete character breakaway shots were partly peculiar , a little documentarish but mostly perplexing and interrupted the slightly interesting flow that the film had going for itself.As a way to separate Riley as something of an anomaly amongst similar themed films Bobby tells us that his tale is a gay Chicago Irish Catholic story . In film , Bobby 's story stands out , somewhat , only because of the context , a 30 something coming out as opposed to the usual late teen/early twenty something coming of age bracket that coming out plots is usually associated with . In reality , Outing Riley is anything but unique for most gays and lesbians are personally very familiar with the cultural war between the religious right vs gay and lesbian civil rights . However , with Bobby being gay and his eldest brother being a Catholic priest Outing Riley 's clashing of two worlds within the same family gave the film a bit of an edge . Outing Riley may have fared a bit better if it had spent more time exploring this relationship between the polar opposites . Will blood trump the dichotomy within the Riley family ? One of the few good writing choices in this film is that you will have to decide that question for yourself.Riley is far from the worst or best gay movie you 'll ever see but tepidly scores because it is n't a cookie cutter of a saturated narrative . Not to bad for a sophomore effort for Pete Jones -LRB- winner of the Project Greenlight competition sponsored by Matt Damon and Ben Affleck -RRB- . Next time it might be wise to surround oneself with and / or consult with some actual GLBT folk before pen is put to paper .
 Skip this movie . It has no heart , no soul and is homophobic at its core . If you must see it be sure to listen to the commentary by the producers and the director -LRB- all straight -RRB- . They talk about how they mistreated Michael McDonald -LRB- the only good thing in the film -RRB- during filming and how uncomfortable everyone was during the male on male kissing scenes . Including how everyone in the editing room dry heaved during post production after seeing two guys kiss .
 I have to give credit to Pete Jones , who wrote , directed and starred in this low-budget 2004 indie , for having the temerity to make a coming-out film when he is apparently straight . And therein lies the rub since Jones does n't really lend an informed perspective to his protagonist 's trying situation . He plays Bobby Riley , a Chicago advertising account executive who happens to be gay and happily partnered . He also happens to come from a traditional Irish-Catholic family , a sister who knows he 's gay and three brothers who do n't . The movie is primarily about Bobby 's struggle to come out to his brothers now that their father has just passed away and the time has come for their annual fishing trip together . While one can envision how Bobby 's admission would lead to liberation and tolerance , Jones also superficially belabors Bobby 's angst to the aggravating point of making me indifferent to his fate.A lot of the problem I had with the movie is the predictable and often forced humor Jones employs to ingratiate the character to the viewer . In what strikes me as filmmaking laziness , he goes as far as breaking the fourth wall , speaking to the camera , and using freeze-frames to either provide thumbnail sketches of the principal characters or comment on the action . The set-up with the brothers is also pretty generic as they represent variations on the beer-guzzling stereotypes one would expect from a movie at least forty years older . Two are married - Luke is a pothead with twin daughters , and Connor is a John Sununu look-alike who surfs the Web for porn . Oldest brother Jack is a Catholic priest , which sets him up for the most challenging road toward acceptance . Once the key revelation occurs , the inevitable ramifications at least allow for the film 's few honest moments , the most effective being Luke 's angry voicemail message in response to what he sees as Bobby 's betrayal.In his acting debut , the cherubic Jones makes little impression as the bedeviled Bobby . Nathan Fillion , who would later play the smitten doctor in the late Adrienne Shelly ` sWaitress , fares the best among the actors portraying the brothers , and Michael McDonald ofMADtv -LRB- not the singer -RRB- is surprisingly credible as Bobby 's partner Andy . Julie Pearl is forced to play Bobby 's sister Maggie as the nagging voice of conscience in order to facilitate the contrived plot conceit that proves disappointing toward the end . Jeff Garlin -LRB- Curb Your Enthusiasm , I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With -RRB- shows up in a cameo as a blowhard agency honcho trying to recruit Bobby believing him to be straight . I appreciate how Jones does not wrap everything up nicely at the end , although he sadly uses a stereotypical fantasy swimming number to get his point across . The much-delayed 2007 DVD features a commentary track from Jones , interviews and deleted scenes .
 At first I was gon na give it 3 stars . But after I had read some other reviews -LRB- I did n't have a chance to watch additional comments on dvd -RRB- , I stopped at 2 . WHy?Here 's why : - Coming out story is the base of the plot , innit ? Instead of making the relation between Riley and Andy more real , we are treated with scenes full of naked boobs , naked women -RRB- ... - There is no chemistry between those two gays . P. Jones remains straight during the whole film . - The coming out moment is so fake . Slides ? Who came with such lame idea in plot ? - Instead of fighting with stereotypes , this film confirms 'em . - Some of the scenes are way too long or out of place - The type of jokes used in the plot is quite simple -LRB- farts ? playing with dirty language ? maybe good for teen comedy , but not for `` mature '' film -RRB- Good coming out story ? `` BREAKFAST WITH SCOTT '' , `` BALLS '' . `` Outing Riley '' it just a poor story made by straight guys who thought they were funny ... Shame .
 This movie started out mediocre , but it did get better over the course of the 99 minutes . The lead role of Bobby Riley was miscast , and really should have gone to a more experienced actor.Let me start with the negatives . For starters , parts of the movie seemed , confusingly , to be aimed at immature preteen straight boys . We are supposed to find it funny when a married father -LRB- of girls -RRB- sexually violates a woman ? And we 're supposed to be okay that the gay brother goes along just to fit in ? Voyeurism may not be a physical assault , but it definitely is a deep violation . This film makes light of that , and tries to minimize the offense by saying `` she wanted it . '' Classic blame-the-victim mentality . Most disgusting was when all the brothers , even the supposedly responsible oldest brother , burst into laughter during the apology . The joke was lost on me.If I put that horrifying moment out of my head , there 's still lots wrong with this movie . There are too many random extra elements . The movie is told in the form a man narrating his life as if it were a movie . That works okay , but it was distracting when Bobby broke the fourth wall too much at certain points.The chemistry between the character of Bobby Riley and his boyfriend Andy , is simply not there . It 's not believable that Bobby has real feelings for Andy through most of their scenes together . When you hear the commentary , Pete Jones talks about the difficulty of playing romantic scenes as a gay character , which is more proof that he was miscast . Also , to make that relationship stronger , it would have worked much better if Andy had been the catalyst that drove Bobby to come out , and generally been more central to the storyline.What 's good about the movie is the chemistry between the brothers . That truly is believable . They really capture the dynamic of guys who grew up -LRB- or grew older , anyway -RRB- together since childhood . Nathan Fillion stands out among the cast . He shines as Luke , the inappropriate yet loving older brother who really wants to understand and remain close to Bobby . You can really feel his hurt at being lied to for years , even when he expresses it in an immature way . The scene where Luke and Andy meet works really well . That 's where you get the sense that beneath all his confusion , Luke really loves his brother . Mike McDonald , who plays Andy , also gets a chance to show what a really good actor he is.My overall view of the movie is that it has a few good moments , but is mostly uninteresting . I feel bad criticizing , because I appreciate the fact that a straight mand would write and star in a gay themed movie . I just wish it was a better movie .
 LIKE More than 50 percent of all movies i would like to see this one and more than half your Dvds -LRB- or any DVDS -RRB- on Deaf Community issues have no Subtitles ! This is very frustrating for a Deaf Person from overseas ! I speak Australian Sign Language -LRB- AUSLAN -RRB- Not American Sign Language ! And Amazon and these movies or documentaries are marketed internationally ! But due to the lack of subtitles they discriminate in just the same way as when an American Deaf person wishes to watch a movie back home containing no ASL and no subtitles ! Please also remember closed captions on Dvds i have bought from Amazon dont work -LRB- there is a technology compatibility problem when we went from VHS to Digital Discs -RRB- I wish the people who make the decisions on providing subtitles would stop being so miserly -LRB- stingy , tight fisted -RRB- and respect Deaf peoples rights to have equal access to all media ! This is a problem for every aspect of the life of a Deaf person and really disapoints me that it is a constant battle and it seems to be getting worse not better ! And as to the movie question ? Do i like or not like it , I would love to have the chance to find out ! Thank you
 I was expecting to see some real combat footage , because a reviewer refered to MIG 's . There are no MIG 's , they are American F84-F , s.A formula movie except for the romance , which detracts from the war story.The flying scenes are very good.I wanted to see the F-86 and I did .
 If you like watching F-86 Sabres pitching , yawing , rolling , shooting , and crashing then this film might be for you . There is plently of this as it was made in cooperation with the USAF.Be warned however : - This film contains an idiotic romantic subplot . - Robert Wagner 's `` cool '' character appears to be from another film . - Chinese soldiers are portrayed as gibbering idiots.Watch `` The Bridges at Toko-Ri '' if you want to see a decent Korean War/USAF film .
 This film is about a newlywed couple who `` honeymoon ? '' at a fancy palace like hotel in Europe somewhere , alone , and are seduced by a Countess and her sidekick who show up not too long after the married couple arrive . I normally adore art house flicks , but this one has the pacing of a snail . There are only a few `` shocking '' scenes , and it came long after this viewer had any interest left . I will say this though , over the last 25 minutes of the film the pace quickens and may be considered a `` payoff '' , but like I said , I basically lost interest . Do n't believe the hype . If you want an interesting `` exploitation '' vampire film from the 70 's , check out Warhol 's Blood For Dracula . Nuff said .
 As far as lesbian vampire movies go , this is near the bottom . But most lesbian vampire movies are bad , in my humble opinion . Dracula 's daughter was really good , and only one hour , and never boring . Yes it was tame , but creepy and fun.Listen to all of these one star reviews , do n't waste your time . Daughter 's of Darkness is boring and not erotic at all . No scary parts , no gore , no interesting writing . Andrea Rau is beautiful , but her character is dull . In my opinion , the antagonist needs to be twice as bad as the protagonist is good . This antagonist is boring . The character Stefan is worse than her . Just so you can gauge my taste , I like most of the classic Universal Monsters , as well as Hammer films . I have to admit , I am not a big fan of the Euro-trash movies . Technically this movie is good . The acting is decent , and the photography is good , etc. . And that is the only good thing that I can say about this snoozer .
 I love vampire movies and this was one of the oddest , did n't make much sense , vampire movies ever . Why Stefan , John Karlen of Dark Shadows fame , beat his bride on their honeymoon , except that he appeared to be a real SOB generally made zero sense . And why was Stefan 's mother a man ? The movie was n't even scary ! A clunker and boring !
 Some old movies just do n't hold up , this was one . The movie was n't anything like the liner notes . Not very entertaining , I kept wanting the 3 main characters to either kill something or have sex . Instead they aimlessly floated along in a mystery that was n't that mysterious .
 Worse than a merely bad film is a self-important bad film . This monstrosity drips with artsy pretensions , yet is so poorly written , acted and directed that it does n't even amuse in its badness . By the end of it I felt like a traumatized prisoner.Notes to the director
 Making a truly , truly bad horror film is an art form.Dull and disjointed . In fact , the sensuous lesbian scene is the only way the filmmakers could think of to keep you awake during , say , the first 45 minutes of the film . The lesbian love scenes are cheesy and obviously put in to titilate and make the film talked about , and hence presumably sell videos down the line.If you want a great ` bad ' film , the misleading `` great Vampire film '' , Daughters of Darkness , is it but there is n't a single Vampire in it .
 Painfully slow movie . The countess drinks blood , but did n't see much of vampirism . The background music is mesmerizing . Good direction.Sensual nudism . Full marks for lovely Andrea Rau , companion of the Countess . She is a beauty . On the whole the movie is a hype . Leaves lots to imagination .
 In any language , this movie is -LSB- ... -RSB- It was so bad that it made Blackula look like an Academy Award nominee . Keep your money and see a good vampire movie like Blade , Vampire 's , Vampire 200 or Dusk til Dawn . I want to wash my hands after writing this review !
 Two stars for the version . I was heartened to see that this was a two-disc edition , as I figured it meant both the original version and the less-effective director 's cut would be available . Alas , there is just a completely different movie on the second disc , and the headlining film is the lesser version . If you want to see this movie properly , with Delphine Seyrig 's sung theme song , and tighter , more effective editing -LRB- why do we always suppose that meddling is an improvement ? -RRB- , you 're going to have to get on EBay and find the original VHS , with the big , oversized box -LRB- not to be confused with the VHS of the original release of the director 's cut -RRB- . -LSB- NOTE
 I really wanted to like this film . I 'm a big fan of Euro-trash , exploitation , low-budget horror , and `` psychotronic '' video in general , and all sources agreed that this was a `` must see . '' So , I was understandably excited when this arrived -- I immediately popped it in the player , and sat wide-eyed , prepped for maximum enjoyment . Slowly -LRB- but not as slow as the plot of this film -RRB- it dawned on me
 Intersting but typical . Good for those days when you want something that you do n't have to be glued to but would like to multi-task .
 this film is really really slow and boring . i cant tell you what happened becasue i kept falling asleep . i wasnt feeling much horror or eroticism or anything just weird borish people and slow boring dialogue . the only darkness i was feeling was the back of my eyelids .
 THIS DVD sucks I know your thinking hey how bad can it be well the only good thing about it is that it is in 3d . The acting in this movie is horrible -LRB- like public access bad -RRB- a.And there is little to no plot in the movie .
 I watched the whole thing without the glasses - with them it was just dark and not 3D at all . Very disappointed .
 I suppose one of the things I have come to expect about 3D movies is they feature effects that take advantage of the 3D effect . This movie does little of that . This is the story of two young kids , a boy and girl . He dreams of flight , she is a natural engineer . Later in life they are best friends but deal with a military pilot trying to steal her heart . The acting is poor . The photography is mostly amazing.Some of the scenes shot over Lake Powell become tedious with endless stalls and boring close-ups of people in the cockpit . There is very little of what is featured in the case/cover photograph . If you 're looking for a Blue Angels in 3D type video , this is not for you . If you 're looking for non-actors with lots of actor close-ups generally filmed in 3D than this might be the ticket.I would have rather seen a best-of at Oshkosh in 3D instead . I wish I had never purchased this ` movie . '
 They chose the wrong title for this movie . Most of the movie is a story about a boy who wants to fly but ca n't ever get off the ground .
 I recently picked up a couple of the newer IMAX 3D releases , and also had a chance to get an advanced copy of `` Ultimate G 's
 Once again Imax has tried to combine a story with spectacular photography . I would think by know I would have learn my lesson . But you mention the word Imax combine with the Grand Canyon , Lake Powell and aerial photography I took the bait . This story is so simple that it takes away from the film . I feel if you do not have an interesting story to tell why try . Instead of going the educational or thrill route they went with a story that was hard to get through once let alone twice . Why Imax could settle for a plot like this when they are consistently A + in the photo and sound department is a wonder to me . There standards can be so high on one end and at the bottom of the scale on the other . Imax has produce quite a few good films . But for my money those are films that are educatonal or have thrilling photography . This film has some of the photography but it allso has a story that will put you to sleep .
 I love flying -LRB- have a few ratings -RRB- . I love 3-d -LRB- have lots of 3-d movies -RRB- . I bought this even though the ratings were low , all I can say is they were n't low enough . -LRB- 1 star is too much -RRB-
 This 3D Blu-ray has the potential to be wonderful , but it falls short . Most of the 3D effect has ghosting throughout most of the video . Its like everything is out of focus . Also , the plot is silly and pointless . Save your money .
 My ratings are based mainly on the QUALITY OF THE 3D , not the video content.This review is for the 3D blu-ray version - The old 2001 Slingshot 3D DVD for picture tube TVs was actually better.Like many of the IMAX films the 3D is over done . In this film it is just too big of a difference in the right and left views -LRB- excess parallax -RRB- . More sensitive people may feel eye strain or get headaches from watching this movie . The excess may even cause some ghosting on active glasses systems.I counted 4 out of screen effects . There are 2 out of screen effects that extend 10 % of the way , from the screen to the viewer . One at 20 % and 1 at 25 % . If the 3D in other IMAX films were OK for you , this one might be.MY 3D RATING = FAIR -LRB- poor , fair , good , very good , excellent -RRB- Note
 Do not expect to see those three Extra 300 aircraft flying in formation in the movie ! I bought the movie for that but it is for the cover only , 3D is good , actual flying and the landscape gorgeous , theme and acting terrible , I think they built the movie around those two flying scenes , a waste of money .
 I truly had no preconceived notions going into the film -- with the title and its creation as an IMAX 3-D product , I expected plenty of flying , stunts , and aerial vistas . While my experience with these films has ranged from great -LRB- The Ultimate Wave
 Nope not good it will not play when you try to play it bump bump guts tugs cuts vets bets
 well the first aspect of this video that I found extremely disappointing , was the fact that it was not mentioned anywhere that the whole thing is in Spanish but I 'm sure was covering the same topics that have been covered before about Mr. Pablo anyway if you 're looking for solid entertainment I recommend a lot of other documentaries or even blow with Johnny Depp and less your Spanish-speaking you should not watch this video and you probably should n't go into the cocaine business either respectfully Johnny Irish
 Bear is about what you would expect for most Redbox flicks . Low budget , not especially original , but with a few redeeming qualities.Bear is the story of two young couples stranded in a minivan in the California wilderness . They are attacked by a vicious grizzly bear with a motive to kill . But as night creeps on , the victims begin to deal with another problem
 Two couples jockeying for the cover of `` Too Stupid to Live '' Magazine decide to take a detour through a remote stretch of California forest . In no time their mini-van gets a flat . A grizzly bear wanders nearby . One of them panics , whips out a handgun , and unloads an entire clip into it . Mama bear arrives to find her cub dead . Now these four have to contend with a bigger , meaner , angrier bear with divine retribution on her mind , and they have no means to defend themselves since numbnuts already pumped all his bullets into the younger bear.Bear is rather bare bones plot-wise and almost as simplistic as its title . There is only so much you can do with a cast of four , a wrecked mini-van , and a live bear in a small section of woodland.The crux of the non-bear related drama centers around a successful stockbroker older brother constantly belittling his partying kid brother to give up his pipe dream of becoming a famous rock musician in favor of getting a real job , and while he 's at it , he might want to consider getting a girlfriend that 's more marriage material -LRB- that last part wo n't be an issue for very long -RRB- . For a while there it seemed like these two brothers were in a race to see who could be the bigger jerk.Bear wastes almost no time getting right to these four broken down and trapped in their mini-van under siege by a pissed off bear . Entertaining enough ; yet , the dilemma I found myself facing was whether or not I was supposed to be rooting for the people or the bear . Mama bear is right to be enraged , and all four initially came across as obnoxious yokels for whom grisly death would be doing the world a favor.Let 's sample some of the actual dialogue during the first half of their bear attack ordeal . `` Go ! Go ! Go ! Go ! '' `` Come on ! '' `` Move ! Move ! Move ! '' `` That 's a big bear ! '' `` Shhhhhhhhh ! '' `` Did you hear that ? '' `` What are you doing ? `` There were moments where I realized what a remake of William Girdler 's Grizzly would sound like if written by Rob Zombie.This quartet 's poor decision-making skills also left me wanting to slap my forehead . They had an opportunity to ram the bear to death with their vehicle as it was pressed against a tree , swiping at one of them that had climbed up to get away , but instead they just back the car up to the tree close enough for the person to jump down onto the roof to safety . Minutes later , now inside the wrecked mini-van the bear just toppled over before heading off to take a smoke break or something , the chance to flag down a passing truck is missed because these dolts try to get the driver 's attention by staying inside the trashed car yelling and beating on the insides making muffled noises rather than actually getting out to flag the motorist down . After all of this has occurred , they 're remarkably casual about their predicament until ` Smokey the Death Wish Bear ' comes back to get the job done .
 This is more of a class D movie for `` Do n't Buy '' . The entire movie focuses on 4 people inside of a mini van and a bear that comes out of the same bushes from time to time to attack the people.At the end of the movie , the woman says sorry and the bear lets her live.The bear finally gets in the driver seat of the mini van so that it can try and drive home.The acting and background music was very lame.The `` Edge '' with Anthony Hopkins is a good bear movie and worth buying .
 Just plain horrible . I stopped watching - it was that bad.The only reason why I 'm still typing is because Amazon requires we use at least 20 words when describing my `` experience '' . So there you have it - do n't watch this movie . There 's a reason it 's free !
 Okay , Cujo was a dog gone wrong , while this bear merely wanted revenge for the killing of his mate . But the rest of it seems more like what I wrote as my review title , with some drama thrown in
 This movie was stupid . There 's so many flaws it 's rediculous . I dont even think this will ever be on TV . The only reason i gave it 2 stars is because its more funny than scary .
 Upon seeing this movie at the local Family Video , I thought that this movie would be similar to that of 1976 's movie ` Grizzly ' in some way . After putting in to watch the movie , the start of it seemed to have some kind of promise to it at the start of it . Once it got to a point in the movie it seemed like that the bear was introduced a little too early possibly in this movie and was n't expecting it to be around another 10 minutes later for it to make its appearance . There is one thing that seems to be a little out of place though with this movie that I have noticed while watching the movie . That was after the bear started attacking it seems like that the people trapped in the van were able to push it back on the tires with just four ordinary people , even when there was only two people left as well.Another thing that seemed to bug me was that this movie while it seemed like it had the premise of ` Grizzly ' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , but watching it , it seemed to be like that of Cujo but with a bear instead of a rabid St. Bernard . Though I do n't expect much from a ` B ' movie or even if this was a lower class movie , it seemed like that it did n't take much to make this movie let alone making it seem a little more realistic in some way . While it 's only 82 minutes long , do n't seem like a long time for a movie like this but maybe it 's best that it is n't that long . Overall I think that this movie could 've been better and I give it 1.5 stars out of 5 .
 This movie simply did n't grip me . I watch a lot of Chinese movies , and I 'm well aware of the drama for Chinese living and society - for all the glam that is currently hyped on it now . Yet this movie had nothing to offer , but long silences , slow sequences and an implausible - nearly non-existent ! - story line . Bleak countryside , a sullen protagonist , a desperate heroine all make for 2 hours better spent doing something else . What a disappointment from the director of ` In Love We Trust ' !
 Even the zombies fell asleep - Even the zombies fell asleep - Even the zombies fell asleep-Even the zombies fell asleep
 I thought this would be a fun movie to watch as I am a huge fan of the zombie genre , I was dead wrong -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . The acting was very dry and the makeup and blood looked bad too . I only got through about 20 minutes before I could no longer take it . I really wish I could get a refund . Save your money .
 The film is really boring , and the acting is so bad ! Do not waste your time or money with this movie !!!
 i remember this show in the 70 's & so i wanted to see how it stood up after 30 years . the truth is that it 's not very funny!shot in video -LRB- ugly on the eyes ! -RRB- , the biggest novelty is seeing travolta in the role that propelled him to stardom ! the clothes are pretty cool though !
 Really missed seeing this show . Does n't seem to get as much air time as it used too so I thought this compilation would be just perfect . This show and a few others are out on this `` Television Favorites '' collection . Maybe it 's just me but I basicly expected the episodes picked to be the best and most favorite one 's . I was alittle let down by the episodes on here because I could remember so many great one 's that were ignored .
 I would rather have vice grips sqeezeing my head for an hour than watch this . This movie is tarrible do n't buy it
 This has very little educational value for kids . It has minimal plot but decent claymation . I would n't recommend this for anyone .
 it is very unfortunate that there is NO way to simply disallow or calncel this order , and this is the third time a &#34; digital &#34; video is being purchased by a little kid by simply clicking a button . If you - Amazon - can have a way to report or stop this , please contact me - the parent !
 The most star worthy thing I suppose is that the film started out enigmatically - for about a minute or two no one spoke a word . But the rest is forgettable as soon as they begin to speak!Maybe it 's because I 'd read such wonderful reviews about the film - just maybe that 's why it left me relatively flat - I must admit I do have somewhat of a reputation for having high expectations - it was n't a total letdown though , it was more like I 'd expected better acting , stronger feelings n emotions , better love scenes , and more importantly better storytelling . It seems to me that I do n't understand a lot about this film
 British accents , beautiful scenery and period costumes do not make a good movie without quality writing . This film has all the elements of a good Ivory/Merchant production but never seems to put it together .
 The movie is great but if you 're buying it to own a high-quality , pristine copy to watch over and over again , you 'll be disappointed.The DVD image is covered with white specks , dust , and long hairs . They appear every second or two and are very noticeable even at full-speed . I would expect a VHS tape to have better image quality than this.In addition , I could n't get the `` special features '' menu to work on two of my DVD players -LRB- although one of my friends has no problem -RRB- . This continued even after I exchanged the disc for a new one.If you absolutely must own this movie on DVD , then you have no other choice . But for the others , I would warn that this disc does not nearly match the quality of the other 95 % of ... discs available .
 to put it very simply , there was a lot of reading in between the lines , plot was not good ... boring to me ... will never watch again .
 Everything is fine . You 're sitting there feeling good that a `` decent '' movie could be so well made . You are not prepared for the ending which just had to break down into x-rated pornography . I mean it could n't even be two people naked and we get the clue . It had to be graphic.What a loser !
 My opinion is going to differ from a couple of other reviewers . This was a grade `` Z '' horror flick . The acting was hideous , the script was awful , the casting a mess , and the story line was ridiculous ... however , I must admit that I enjoyed watching it . There are some movies that are so grotesque , so rotten , so lousy that they provide a lot of unintended laughs and entertainment , and this was definitely one of them . At no time is there a second of horror or suspense . Every word , every action , every concept has been done thousands of times before and far , far better . But therein lies its charm . It is dead serious . This is not intended to be a parody or joke , like Scary Movie , but in its own way it is -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- every bit as silly and amusing . The `` actors '' recite their preposterous lines with total conviction ... characters stroll about at a snail 's pace despite impending doom ... people are decapitated in front of their dear friends and no one seems to notice or care.On the down side , any `` horny teenager '' movie worth its salt has to have some obligatory skin scenes , usually a little skinny dipping or bunkhouse groping , but these redeeming virtues are sadly missing from this bomb . Other than a lot of fake kayro-syrup `` blood '' and some dripping severed-neck shots , this could have been a G-rated Disney flick . This is probably a result of being a made-for-TV movie , originally shown on the Sci-Fi Channel . Why it was ever shown at all is a mystery , but since there is not a single shred of science fiction in any part of this wretched mess , the fact that it was shown on the Sci-Fi Channel just adds to the absurdity.In conclusion
 First off I love period films and Snow White is one of my favorite classic stories . I realize this is the original version of the classic but I did n't enjoy this movie at all . I can kind of see why it 's not very popular . I think I vaguely remember it from years ago but it 's not a movie anyone seems to remember or know of . I ca n't remember if this was in theaters or just on video.I think Weaver did a great job as the queen but the film was too slow , dark and boring to me . Scenes switched here and there and a lot of the film was very confusing . I watched it twice to make sure I was giving it a chance but I just could n't get myself to like it . The acting was very good and the characters were okay but the film itself was just too slow.I was surprised I did n't like it since I love period movies based on classic tales but this did n't do it for me . Also the story was supposed to be scary and it was n't . It looked more like a vehicle to showcase Weaver 's skills at playing evil than to focus on the story . They showed the queen more than Snow White which really threw me off.This was n't my thing but I wo n't say others should n't watch it . Maybe this is one of these films that comes down to matter of opinion . Some people might think it 's great and others will not be able to stand it . This film might do well with lovers of Shakespeare-like tales . Check it out for yourself and make up your own mind . It might be worth it to you .
 This 2012 DVD re-release is 4:3 Letterboxed.This means black bars on ALL four sides when viewed on your 16:9 television.I do n't understand why companies are still doing this . Phooey!Also , the movie is pretty stinky as well ... pass on it .
 This was an interesting take on the fairy tale , but could n't fully pull off the attempt . The movie seemed to be forced along from scene to scene without the moments being able to naturally evolve . I 'm not sure if it was poor direction or just personal preference , but Weaver 's character seemed like it needed to be more external , rather than the quiet crazy . Her ability does n't shine until she is covered in latex and prosthetics.All in all , it was okay , but I have no desire to see it again . Spending $ 2.99 to watch it on-line was all the money I would like to spend on this movie .
 It is a retelling of a classic tale but with a great licence in the story . There are strong horror elements in it and Weaver and Neill are good as always . Weaver also is an interesting portrait of a witch . These are the pros.But on the whole , there are far more cons and it is hard to know where to start . First off , you know the story very well by now and it is n't very different . There is more background and the dwarfs are more sinister , well made to be more sinister but I did n't care for their peasant struggle and how poor the lower class was . Then there is the dead child being a ghoul and what happened to the servants , wait one came back and was a zombie ? What ever happend in between ? This movie throws in pieces and pieces like if you started with the original story and then attached scary parts to it willy nilly so it became just that a story with attachments instead of something new , let alone a good story.It is not a horror film , it is not a story Grimm , it certainly is not a Fairy tale either , I did n't know what to make of it . Even the Walt Disney cartoon is scarier . I bought it because of the shining reviews here and am honestly disappointed , at the reviews , the film and mostly myself , I should have checked up on IMdB before I put it in my basket .
 shipping and DVD itself was great ... the story and acting was not that great . . did n't watch the whole thing . .
 I 'd been looking forward to watching Snow White , starring Sam Neill and Sigourney Weaver , for months . So when I found myself with an evening alone and nothing planned , I finally rented it and prepared to thoroughly enjoy the film . Did n't happen . This is not the worst movie I 've seen in a year , but it is the worst waste of potentially good acting , writing and story I 've seen in several years.The acting is worse than wooden , it 's more like damp , moldy sawdust . The cast slogged through their lines as if it was their first script rehearsal . The script leaves all of the important back story details of the Grimm Brothers out , referring to them in passing . And where the script frequently departs from Grimms ' original story , the departures make no sense whatsoever.The special effects , the makeup , the sets and the lighting are amateurish . To be fair , the costumes are well done , except when you see the modern soles on Neill 's boots and realize they probably came from a modern hipster-cum-goth-wannabe catalog.Very disappointed .
 Rich scenery and some talented actors - it 's hard to explain how this fell so flat . But , the truth is , my husband fell asleep and I was bored-is there anything else to say ? . Snow White was an unlikeable brat -LRB- and expressionless character -RRB- . The supposedly evil step-mother was the most sympathetic character in the movie -LRB- great acting by Sigourney -RRB- . The dwarves were n't dwarves-why ? Mostly it was just written in a monotone . It was okay if you have nothing else to watch . Sigh .
 This movie could n't hold our attention tonight . Painful to watch in so many ways . Gruesome , really dark take on snow white which looked interesting at first blush . If only there was something more than shock and bland dialogue ! Just did n't do it for us . Given the positive reviews I guess we 're in the minority .
 Either I just do n't get it , or my spookiness threshold is too demanding : - -RRB- Sigourney in a warped and twisted rendition of the classic fairy tale - sounded like just what my therapist ordered me to watch on a rainy night . So having waited until the mood was right and darkness had fallen all around , and combed down the hairs on the back of my neck in anticipation , I plugged in the disk and sat back , ready for the goosebumps.It could n't have started out better , with dark woods and snarling wolves and terrified horses and carriages and miscarriages and Poe-sque manors . . I settled deeper into the couch and pushed my popcorn a notch away to make sure I would n't knock it over if I got too startled.And then the movie was over . Perhaps Siggy was called over to focus on Alien Resurrection , and stop wasting her time on fairy tales . The rest of the movie seemed like a waste of time and celluloid . I could n't blame them for trying , but it never got more than a lifted eyebrow from me . Too formulated , too sterotypical gothic , too predictable , too well defined , too belabored . There were tons of opportunities to make your skin crawl - the witch makeover , the mutely sinister Gustaf , the creaky mirror cabinet , getting lost in an eerie forest , medeival castles and dungeons . But the director only succeeded in making it all too iconic , too futile , too contrived . In the end , there is nothing very remarkable when you tout a different ` spin ' of a well-told tale , but good being good and bad being bad and the former triumphing over the latter in just precisely the way you would expect.I see all the other glowing reviews of this movie , and wonder if there is something I missed . Perhaps . But a good movie should n't let you miss anything . It should hold you with a glittering eye . As did Alien . 1 , 2 , and Resurrection -LRB- well , almost -RRB- . Even when I watch them today for the nth time . To be brutal - I think Sigourney was wasted . Perhaps if they threw in a couple of toothy phantasms and oozed some slime around , the movie could 've been redeemed.You do n't need a magic mirror to tell you this one is n't the fairest of them all .
 Poor Malcolm McDowell must have been really cash-poor when this offer came along . A tired , cheesy , poorly written , acted , directed , edited update of the Portrait of Dorian Gray . I actually had some hope for this at the begining as it tempted me with a campy begining that might have made it a fun companion piece with the Eyes of Laura Mars . - not to be unfortunately . Laughable in all the wrong ways .
 There is very little redeeming here , even with Malcolm McDowell in the lead role . The tranforming of Henry into a Mephistophelean madman dooms this straight-to-video piece to the B-movie bin.The movie makers ca n't decide if this is to be a `` Red Shoe Diaries '' episode or something from `` Tales of the Dark Side . '' The satanic undertones and climax are laughable at best . I 'm not even sure this deserves an `` R '' rating -- certainly it did n't get it for the sex ... Yes , Ethan Erickson is HOT , but he wo n't be remembered for this piece of rot . Full of plot holes and predictable `` twists , '' `` Pact with the Devil '' must have Oscar Wilde spinning in his grave . It 's clear that those responsible for this tripe have very little understanding of Wilde , let alone the ability to translate his aesthetic philosophy to the 21st century.There 's very little character development to the point that it 's hard to care who lives or dies . It 's all about that climactic scene -- `` 0oooh ! What will the picture look like by the end ! `` Do n't waste your time . Rent the 1976 BBC version with John Gielgud if you want to hear the tale Wilde meant to tell !
 This movie is about a man named Louis , played by Ethan Erickson -LRB- The In Crowd , Tv 's Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- , and he becomes a model , and his manager is the wilyeyed Henry , played by Malcolm McDowell . McDowell tells Louis about the story of Dorian Gray and how he made a pact with the devil . Louis or Dorian now writes in blood and he soon has eternal youth . This very interesting movie gets it fuel towards the middle but it ca n't help it . Very predictable . Malcolm McDowell -LRB- A Clockwork Orange , I : Spy -RRB- is wasted in my mind and why the hell is this movie introducing Ethan Erickson ? He has been in a movie or two before this and a tv series . . come on people get with it . Erickson is an ok actor and he does some ok acting in this . Unspeakably boring for a while , then it gets a shot of something and then it goes into a coma .
 Definitely rated five stars if your under the age of ten . Adults beware . These guys have run out of ideas since the first season and are proceeding on the fumes from their fart jokes.I hope Trey and Parker make vast amounts of money to help pay for voice impersonation lessons.Besides the smugness , I am tired of all the voices in South Park sounding all too similar .
 I love South Park as much as the next person , but the sound on this set is absolutely terrible , especially on the first disc - it goes from loud to almost inaudible and back . I found it incredibly distracting , especially since I love this show . I called Paramount , who admitted there was a problem and that they 're working on repressing the set -LRB- sidenote
 The people giving this DVD set 5-star ratings very doubtfully OWN the set . They are just giving the episodes 5 stars -LRB- which they DO deserve -RRB- . However , I bought this back in July of 2006 and all is not well . Can someone who bought it more recently tell me if the sound issues have been fixed ? I returned this item for a refund and wo n't be buying it again until Paramount fixes the sound issues . And , I am NOT some audiophile who needs everything to be perfect ... just enjoyable . Parts of the show are very quiet ; I had to turn the sound up to even make out the dialog . Then , a loud part comes on and almost blows my speakers . This happens multiple times per episode . Repeat this for six hours . If I wanted this kind of quality , I 'd just download the episodes off the Internet . There will be a gap in my collection until this is fixed . I do n't know why they ca n't pay someone $ 5.15 an hour to watch the DVD once before they make 10 million copies . Paramount will probably never fix this because nobody is admitting that there is a problem . These glowing reviews on a subpar product are really heartbreaking .
 Another excellent season of shows in this boxed set . However , the sound quality is very poor . It 's most noticeable during any music . I see others have commented on this as well . I do n't know if the QA for the manufacturer is at fault or if they just did n't care while making the master.The other sore point is that there are no subtitles available . It 's amazing how cheap these guy are when it comes to their product .
 South Park is my all-time favorite show , and hence I own every season . I just picked up season seven and was disappointed with the audio . It seems to get really low in places , and really high in others . Like it was n't properly mastered or something.I 'm not an audio freak or anything and it takes a lot for me to ever complain about something , but I spent fourty bucks on this season and kind of expected the sound to at least be somewhat level .
 The original title of this bleak flim - WHEN A MAN FALLS IN THE FOREST - was inexplicably shortened to the nebulous WHEN A MAN FALLS for the release of the DVD
 This had to be one of the worst movies that I have seen-its extremely boring and the characters are as dull as the film.No plot to speak of and you ca n't tell if the Bill character is dreaming or actually awake . Please do n't waste your money even on a rental
 Do n't waste your time , this is a horrible film . The plot was ridiculous , the story was dismal and drawn out . No surprises and I regret spending a dime on it for the rental fee . Hutton and Stone should have never put their names to the title .
 Do not waste your money to rent or buy this one . Although it has a pretty good cast-Sharon Stone and Timothy Hutton -- the plot is confusing -- it jumps around alot and is boring -- to say the least . The actors seem to just walk thru their roles in a senseless plot . I guess they needed the money . I barely made it thru the movie -- good thing I just rented it and lost only $ 3 -- stay away from this one . My question is -- Why did they make this straight to video movie ?
 Um , can you say one of the worst movies ever ? The only man that fell here was me . . falling for the price of renting this horrible movie ! Lifeless , dreary , and humorless . Perhaps has something to do with the depressing plot
 Do n't your time and save your money , for sure , one of the most boring you can look at . I ca n't imagine someone would buy it .
 A good cast struggles valiantly , but ultimately unsuccessfully , with a woefully underwritten script . This character study focuses on four people , probably in their late 30s or early 40s -LRB- we really do n't know , but the couple has a son who seems to be about 16 -RRB- , who for various reasons are unhappy with themselves , with their lives , and with each other . Unfortunately , since we do not know how any of them arrived at where they are , all we are given is a snapshot in time with no past reference points , which really does not allow the viewer to develop much empathy for any of the characters . If a film is going to be a character study , then the writer needs to provide some background and better-developed characters so the viewer to somehow relate to them . And oh yes - we have another film where after a traumatic event two of the characters miraculously begin to cope with their problems .
 God-awful movie . I was first attrated to the movie at a popular video store because of the actors and the description on the movie sleeve . However , the description is a complete misrepresentation
 I see that a couple of reviewers were kind enough to award some extra stars for the potential of a film like this one . Sorry , but every movie has the potential to be a good one ; but when it is poorly scripted , poorly plotted and poorly acted , it will be a horrible film . This is a horrible , horrible film , which wanders as aimlessly as its characters . I seem to be beating a dead horse , but I felt compelled to add my voice to the chorus of those who literally felt cheated by the misrepresentation of what this film aimed to be . Or , is that the point ? Is all of life a misrepresentation ; perhaps a sort of waking dream ? What if ... nah , do n't bother -- the message is hopeless .
 I would urge anyone thinking about watching this film or , worse yet , believing its claims , to look up the wikipedia entry on the subject . Some people want to believe just about anything and , the wilder the conspiracy , the better . This allows unscrupulous people to make a LOT of money.What is most sad about such a situation is that people are drawn away from genuine issues that deserve their energy and attention . Tax evasion , income inequality and poor corporate governance are , for example , real issues . Global warming and countless other environmental issues are also very serious concerns . Anyone sane will recognize , after a very little bit of research , that the 9-11 truth conspiracy is without any solid foundation.A movement like this has other problems
 `` Loose Change '' has already beeen thoroughly debunked several times . There are many lies and half truths in here . Just read loose change guide .
 When we rented it , we believed the people who had given 5 stars . After viewing , 1 star is stretching it . I wo n't repeat , just read the 1 star reviews and believe .
 These idiots are obviously graduates from the Micheal Moore School of Documentary . I would say this was lie after lie , but that would n't be true ... they threw in some half truths and some `` Huh really ? '' moments . You ca n't really blame someone for being this ridiculous when their premise is so far fetched . They show `` actual video footage of the same place '' from the Pentagon that had different landmarks ENTIRELY but were supposedly of the same time and place . They did n't know that steel is made with fire , so it does melt . They showed fires on floors below the impact site , but never mention the fire proof floors they put in to prevent the fire from burning through to the lower floors -LRB- wow what an omission -RRB- . A woman in the Department of Agriculture is `` interviewed '' by the film makers , and supposedly has a conversation with one of the hijackers that is so completely absurd you ca n't believe it . She never reports the conversation , and oddly enough does n't appear on camera . They can only find one expert to say anything . They interview one guy about tower 7 that `` hears explosions '' , but they evacuated hundreds of people that oddly enough heard nothing , including the guy that helped save the interviewee that does n't appear on camera and it is never said he heard the same thing . They do n't mention these buildings were supplied with natural gas , or that natural gas is flammable . A huge contradiction even if you want to believe this lunacy ... the theory of bringing down the buildings . They say explosives were set at the bottom of the twin towers -LRB- they interview NO ONE that heard these explosions , nor provide ANY proof anyone heard them -RRB- , and say the proof of these explosions were white smoke flowing up from the bottom . They say the same thing happened to tower 7 , but oddly enough no white smoke . How is that ? Different explosives ? Were Cheney and Bush down there with little air purifiers so none would flow up ? How about the fact they say the fall started from the lower floors , while showing the top of the buildings toppling first ? Or that they spend 20 minutes explaining no debris from flight 93 , then briefly show the pictures of the debris and say IT IS THE DEBRIS -LRB- even if you ignore the aerial photos they show that show the debris very visible -RRB- . This work of fiction is an insult to your intelligence , an insult to the victims and their families -LRB- who they say `` want answers '' but never showed one on film that did -RRB- , and to be honest a slap in the face to the USA . They should be ashamed of themselves for making this piece of junk , and to be honest ashamed of themselves for calling themselves American .
 Well this documentary is a very interesting concept of what really happened on 9/11 if you believe in the hallow earth theory !!!
 I have watched this so-called documentary . I have also watched the excellent show that was on Discovery or some channel like that which took this documentary to task and utterly eviscerated it . So , if you are inclined to watch this I would highly recommend that you find that other program , -LRB- sorry , name escapes me -RRB- , and view them together . Conspiracy nuts will always find ways to try to make major events and tragedies into some sort of conspiracy . In this case they are partially right ; there was a conspiracy . HOWEVER , the conspiracy was hatched , planned and carried out by Islamic fascists . It always amazes me that there are some who would willingly suspend rational and logical thought to find some twisted , perverted way to reject that which is patently obvious.Additionally , those reviewers here who seem to have problems with the fact that no steel constructed builidings ever failed until that fateful day are either neglecting or ignoring some basic facts . Steel begins to melt at 1200-1300 degrees farenheit . The fires in the two towers were raging at almost 2000 degrees . The comments that the buildings were designed to sustain `` multiple '' impacts are also in error . First , the buildings were theoretically designed to sustain a hit from the larget plane at the time of their construction which was a 737 , not 767 's . Second , even the 737 scenario did not envision fully laden with jet fuel 767 's being intentionally flown into the buildings at speeds in excess of 500 mph . Third , tower 7 collapsed after having had the mass of , not one , but two , almost 1400 feet buildings collapse on top of it.I 'm not sure who is worse , the people who peddle this garbage who are simply looking to make a profit , or the silly saps who shell out the money for it and lap it up like so much pablum .
 Sometimes I 'm not the smartest guy in the room . But seeing the peoples comments that actually believe this nonsense makes me feel a lot better about myself .
 These Idiots would n't know a conspiracy if it were to kill them personally . The only thing this movie shows is how easily led some people are . If it were possible to give 0 stars , I would .
 This is the most waste of time show ... Minus 10 stars !!!! What a joke ... What a slap in the face to the victims of that day ... Why do n't you spend your time chasing Big Foot
 I 'm always interested in well done 9/11 documentaries as I 'm sure many people who were old enough to know what was going on are -LRB- I was in college at the time -RRB- . I should have known where this movie was going when it opened with Nazi Germany . Here 's the real truth - Your government is NOT out to get you -LRB- unless you 're a bank robber or something , and in that case you deserve it -RRB- . Just let it go already . And unless you love wasting your time on conspiracy theories , pick something else to watch .
 If by the end of this , you are not screaming at the TV because of ridiculously-arrived-at conclusions , factual errors , and misleading setups that do n't get tied up , take off your aluminum foil hat and look in the mirror . That is what an unhinged lunatic with no grasp on reality looks like . Also make no mistake . I have heard this called a trilogy . It is not . This is the fourth iteration of the same film . It must keep being re-edited to try to worm around disproved allegations and to remove footage it was not permitted to use in the first place . That being said , bigfoot gives this two non-opposable thumbs up .
 Before I start , I would like to say that I believe in some way , that the US was either involved or tried to cover up much of 9/11 . That said , I hated this movie . It is basically one big lie to create money . Always look up things after you watch them , especially something as controversial as this.The one thing I liked about this film is that it makes people think . Maybe instead of listening to mainstream media , people would start thinking twice about it and accepting all ideas , rather than just saying someone is crazy . People are going to believe what they believe , just accept it . This is America , we have freedom to believe what we want , and for others to try and make someone stop believing , they are not patriotic or American.I would n't really recommend this film to anyone , I would first recommend a more questioning film rather than one that `` tells you like it is '' such as this .
 The saddest part of this video is that there are positive reviews . I challenge everyone to spend 5 minutes talking with a 911 `` truther '' -LRB- conspiracy theorist -RRB- and you 'll quickly realize they are all splashing about wildly at the shallow end of the gene pool.By all means , watch this movie for free . Just do n't buy it ! You 'll need to press pause every 20 seconds to absorb all of the eye-popping lies and ludicrous claims.Goebbels would be proud of this film .
 I got this DVD on a recommendation from a 911 Truther . There has been solid refutation of most of the claims made in this movie -LRB- and other similar books and movies -RRB- , the best one being the NIST final report
 Let me be upfront , I am quite skeptical of the claim this movie makes , which is why I actually felt a need to watch it.I must say , I 'm quite disappointed . The movie provides no real disputes of the events , and does exactly what the movie claims the US government is doing . In other words , if I told you that I had something that is red , green stem , small seeds , and full of vitamin C , would you know what I had ? Basically this film does the same thing , presents half truths from their perspective.The worst part is actually the claims re
 This documentary has almost no redeeming values . The documentary poses a multitude of questions based on uneducated speculation and never answers any of them . Many of the `` questionable '' events or circumstances that support some sort of conspiracy theory about 9/11 have already been addressed by more reputable programs such as `` Modern Marvels
 After watching this , if you believe it , run , do n't walk to get a refund on any formal education you have had . The film is based on hearsay and lies made up by the film maker . Seriously , if you believe this junk stop the drugs , get some education , and try harder to learn how to apply sound judgment based on knowledge.I ca n't candy coat the lies and misinformation in this video . The DVD better be a good coaster.For instance ; Leslie Robertson is the chief structural engineer for the WTC and he actually did a calculation that a 707 lost in the fog , low on fuel , flying at 180 mph , would not do much damage at all to the WTC . It was studied after the tragedy and it was found a jet like those used on 911 at 200 mph would not do much damage . But on 911 the planes were going 470 mph and 590 mph and the impact kinetic energy was 7 to 11 times the impact Robertson designed for . Therefore you see the major damage to the WTC . The film lies about impacts by not explaining the kinetic energy involved . The impact planned for at the WTC was many times greater than the Empire State Building being hit by a B-25 . The B-25 impact would be equal to 18 pounds of TNT , the 707 Robertson designed for would be 184 pounds of TNT in kinetic energy . Flight 11 , was 1,357 pounds of TNT , and Flight 175 2093 pounds of TNT . This is physics ; Energy equals mass times velocity squared . If you understand velocity squared , you will understand the difference in 911 and what Robertson designed for.Robertson calls the failed ideas about the WTC nonsense . Robertson built the WTC , the author of this film is not a structural engineer and makes up moronic ideas on the demise of the WTC . If you understand physics and fall for the lies of this DVD , you do n't understand physics . The entire film is full of failed ideas on 911 . If you like Daniel Sunjata he tells us `` only an idiot could fail to make that connection '' , but in this case only Sunjata and a few idiots will make the connection . There you have it , only a few idiots believe this junk . The real problem with this tripe ; if it had been true the conspiracy would not be a theory , it would have been exposed over 6 years ago earning the real investigative journalist a Pulitzer Prize . But the film is a lie . Exposing real conspiracies earns a Pulitzer Prize , exposing you are a dolt making up moronic conspiracy theories and falling for those nutty theories earns you the title of , `` conspiracy nut '' . If you want poppycock , moronic logic , zero evidence , hearsay , and misleading statements ; this is the DVD . If you want facts and evidence , this is not the source . If you like this DVD , you can get more insane ideas about 911 using Google . You will find beam weapons did it , nukes did it , and more tripe like this DVD using the exact same evidence ; zero .
 Watch the documentary that was aired on the National Geo or Discovery channel of experts looking into the claims made in this video and they explain it all and conclude that the planes brought it down . But you arm-chair experts know more , bull crap.The floors of the towers were made of concrete , which were VERY heavy , just a few weakened steal beams as seen on the news is all it would take . The weight of the upper floors on those beams caused the upper floors to come crashing down upon the floor that was hit and caused a domino effect of ever increasing weight that just smashed the towers.Use some brains people .
 I would give this film zero stars if possible ... I 'm actually a big conspiracy theorist , especially when it comes to our government 's role in making sure the corporate entities and capitalist enterprises get theirs at the expense of the ordinary citizen , and a friend of mine thought this film would be right up my alley.With that being said , this film is a complete piece of trash . Any conspiracy theorist who is n't willing to fall for clever editing and good production value would take a little time to find out if the material they are viewing stands up to a little scrutiny . It took me about an hour to research the material in this film and tear the thing apart from the opening scene to the end credits . It 's so bad , in fact , that the official organizations that are fighting for the re-opening of the investigation of the 9/11 plot have condemned this film as , not only worthless , but actually detrimental to the effort to find out what actually happened on that tragic day.Let me say that again . The official organizations that you think would support films that raise questions about the events of 9/11 think this movie is garbage.There are so many holes in this film that I could n't begin to start , but anyone who watches this should do a little research into the claims made by this film . One of the many that comes to mind is the comparison the filmmakers make between 1945 B-25 accident at the Empire State Building to the 9/11 attacks . The logic behind the argument being , that because the 1945 accident did n't bring down the Empire State Building , then the Twin Towers MUST have been brought down by a controlled explosion ! If a plane crashing into the Empire State Building did n't cause it to collapse , then the WTC could n't have gone down as well unless by means of controlled demolition!Well , dummies , your argument is completely invalid for just a few reasons :1 . A B-25 's size is a fraction of the weight of a commercial jet airliner2 . A B-25 does n't fly on jet fuel3 . The construction of the WTC is NOTHING like the construction of the Empire State Building . They are so completely different in their structure that trying to compare the buildings is not only laughable , but actually a little irresponsible.The film devotes a good portion of time to this argument , which any good conspiracy theorist would have laughed off after about 20 minutes of analysis . And this film is full of these types of arguments.If you 're going to waste your time on this film , do yourself a favor , and Google `` Loose Change Arguments Debunked + 9/11 Truth Movement '' and you 'll probably be taken to a few sites that break this film down scene by scene and show how completely inappropriate this work is .
 This was made by a kid who got rejected from film school . Do n't waste your money on someone who is trying to profit from the 9/11 tragedy .
 Some kid dies mysteriously , then some odd events start occuring that are very similar to the biblical plagues . Katherine -LRB- Hilary Swank , `` Million Dollar Baby '' -RRB- comes to the town of Haven where these events are taking place -LRB- quite a bit of irony with that -RRB- , this town is deep in the Louisiana bayou so naturally the locals do n't like outsiders like Katherine coming to their little town . They 're especially upset since Katherine is here to debunk these events as anything but religious based , she does find a young girl -LRB- AnnaSophia Robb , `` Race to Witch Mountain '' -RRB- who may be the key to either solving or be the cause of these things happening.This might 've been a very campy yet suspenseful movie , if oh say there was any scares or chills to be found anywhere in the entire running time . Swank at least does well in her roll as she 's truly a bright spot in this dull flick , AnnaSophia is n't given too much more to do but look scared and well that 's about it , which is sad cause she 's actually a decent actress . Sadly the events or plagues that take place while somewhat visually impressive feel quite hollow and just blah.I 've seen worse movies that 's for sure , but `` The Reaping '' is not something to rush or even walk out to rent and watch . * out of 4 stars .
 Granted , I 'm not that big of a fan of horror movies , I do like the occasional movie that will make you jump . This movie just was n't that suspenseful or scary . Like 99 % of the horror movies out there , this was very predictable and cliched .
 Wow , one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time . Predictable , and boring . This movie is five as short as the original Ten Commandmants but seems fives longer . Waste of time .
 Swank is such a talented actress , and her costar Idris Elba is equally talented . But their talent is wasted in this film . The script is pretty standard stuff , though the ending did have a decent twist . -LRB- however , if you pay attention you will catch on well before the climax -RRB- . The scenery is beautiful , marred only by the plagues infesting this small town.AnnaSophia Robb , who play little Loren McConnell , is a lovely child , with very captivating eyes , but again she is wasted here.The movie is n't bad , but it falls prey to cliche 's of this genre ' . And that is another problem ... it does n't really fit into a specific mold . It is n't horror , not really suspense , not quite mystery ... so it had the potential to be great , but it was one cliche after another.Too bad , because this is n't a type of movie we see often , and it was full of talented actors , but if you have a slow , rainy two hours you could certainly do worse .
 I suppose that if you 're looking for cliches , predictable effects , and a pseudo-religious thrill , you could do worse . Stephen Hopkins -LRB- Predator 2 , Executive Decision , and other pieces of dreck -RRB- is just right for this sort of thing . He , like Joel Schumacher , do n't seem to care anything about originality or innovation , which rears its ugly head scene after scene in this flick . I fell asleep four times and am not sure what I missed .
 because that was what I was doing after a few minutes of watching this Cardinal Sin being called a movie.If at confession you 're given penance by your priest to do a thousand `` Our Fathers '' or to say the Rosary a hundred times , then count your blessings that he did n't force you to watch this movie just one time . Perhaps there truly is a place called Hell , because I felt like I was there for an hour and a half.This movie could have been so great , given the genesis of the story and staring Hilary Swank , one of the best actresses of our day , but it ended up being a complete mess . Even the quality of the blu-ray transfer was terrible.Please save your $ 19 , or go buy `` Seven '' -LRB- which deals with this genera brilliantly -RRB- , `` 28 Days Later '' , `` 28 Weeks Later '' , or `` The Skeleton Key '' , which are all far superior films that you will enjoy time and time again.Happy movie watching : -RRB-
 Your time might be better spent engaged in an activity like catching up on the laundry or going out . The movie warns of `` disturbing images '' , I found the only thing to be disturbing was that the creators actually found someone to finance such a B.S !!! C
 This is quite a mish-mash . First there seems to be an evil young girl , played by AnnaSophia Robb , who is causing Biblical plagues in a small Louisiana parish . Then it appears that she is an angel and that everyone else in the town is worshipping Satan . She finally destroys them all -- or God does ; it 's hard to say for sure . Then she implies to her rescuer , played by Hilary Swank , that the baby Swank is carrying is evil and the spawn of Satan ... and that they both have to take care of the little devil . Huh?This movie just could n't make up its mind . Is it supposed to be a story of faith or devil worship or what ? You tell me.Swank and Robb have both done far better work than this .
 As a Christian myself an movie that mentions God or uses the Bible in any way I do n't feel too comfy about , because more than likely they 'll put doubts into peoples minds ... Was the `` Science of the 7 plagues on the DVD extra really necessary ? '' Science and the Bible go together like peanut butter and cheese , you can eat it ... but why?I love Hilary Swank , love the effects ... confused about the message of the film . They bring Hilary back into believing in God , but only after she puts doubts into everyone 's mind.Honestly I was half asleep when i watched it , film started off incredibly on the slow side . Also some bad acting by some .
 It 's very surprising that `` The Reaping '' does n't work ; religious messages have been notoriously well acquainted with the horror genre , and most of the time , it works quite well -LRB- `` The Exorcist , '' `` The Omen , '' `` Frailty , '' the original `` Wicker Man , '' etc. -RRB- . Maybe that 's because they relied on both shock value and story for advancement . `` The Reaping '' certainly succeeds in being shocking , with plenty of pop out scares and a few well placed disturbing images . But in terms of story , something was seriously lacking . The events of this film make absolutely no sense , with one crucial plot device clashing against every other , turning it into a convoluted mess . This is n't a case of leaving with more questions than answers ; you leave with no answers at all.The plot centers on Katherine Winter -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- , a Louisiana State University professor . When not in class , she travels the world , using her scientific skills to debunk claims of miraculous events . She was once a devout Christian , but she lost her faith when her husband and daughter were murdered on an African missionary excursion . This clearly adds conflict to the story , as shown when a man named Doug -LRB- David Morrissey -RRB- seeks her assistance . Strange things have been happening in his hometown of Haven , namely the first plague of the Old Testament -LRB- a river turning into blood -RRB- . Upon entering Haven and examining the river , Winter learns of Loren McConnell -LRB- AnnaSophia Robb -RRB- , a young girl believed to be responsible for her brother 's death . She 's also believed to be a servant of Satan , which may account for the condition of the river.Winter is initially unwilling to accept anything the town believes ; she 's confident that she can find a scientific explanation for the river turning red . But then another biblical plague occurs . Then another . And another . And another . After a while it becomes obvious that something powerful is at work here , something that can not be explained through science . This understandably leaves Winter unsure of anything anymore . Are the plagues actually religious phenomena , and is a young girl responsible for it all?That 's about as much of the plot as I can describe ; the last half of the film is wall-to-wall revelations , none of which I can give away . What I can say is that the revelations are confusing and nonsensical . There 's a complicated subplot involving a satanic cult and birth order , with the first borns safe from harm and the second borns in danger , or something like that . There 's also a brief performance by Stephen Rea as Father Costigan , a priest who was with Winter when her family was murdered . He knows that she 's in danger because of an ancient prophecy that predates Christianity . What no one seems to know is why she needed to be involved at all ; were it not for the fact that she 's the main character , one would have a hard time explaining why the simple folk of Haven , Louisiana would need her . I ca n't elaborate on this , but I will say that the final plot twists are of no help.Apparently , this film was delayed , with an original release date of August 2006 . I ca n't help but feel that such a long delay contributed to the mess it 's currently in ; it seemed as if important details were edited out in order to appease the studio execs , the MPAA , the test audiences , or any combination thereof . I can definitely say that the film 's structure is bad , but I 'm not sure I can say the same thing about the film in general . I obviously do n't know this for sure , but I have a feeling that a well-edited director 's cut would fix everything , or at least enough of it to make the events of the story much more understandable . When and if such a version of `` The Reaping '' comes to fruition , I 'll recommend it . Until then , keep as far away from this film as possible ; it 's a disaster of biblical proportions .
 I understood that this was a previously viewed DVD , but when I received it , it was clear that it was a copy of an original .
 bought this disk ... hd dvd side locked my machine up contact toshiba upgraded my firmware with no help ... toshiba says its the disk 's fault . . played fine on a A30 machine ... I would n't buy any duel disk again ...
 I 'm not even going to bother with a full review , this movie is n't worth my time or energy to write about . Simply put , this movie is bad , not just bad , but horrendous , ugly , silly and trite . Phrases like `` brain dead '' and `` insulting to all intelligent beings '' does not even come close to describing the hole this film dug itself . It 's almost like a seriousHot Fuzz -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- with biblical plagues , can you possibly see that ? Its bad people , avoid this like a plague -LRB- no pun intended . Okay , maybe it was -RRB- . Re-watch value ; EXTREMLY low .
 Hilary swank is an extremly talented actress . Unfortunately her talens are not enough to save this one . Previews and posters looked great . but i fealt that the movie did n't deliver .
 Your standard `` non-believer shown the power of god neener-neener-neener '' story , likewise packed with religious pandering.The film attempts not one but two twist endings , neither one particularly plausible or impressive.I do like the imagery of a savage , vengeful god slaughtering the unbelievers though ... simply because it 's honest . That 's the god of the bible , and I appreciate the accuracy of the depiction .
 The main problem with The Reaping is that it 's entirely derivative
 ... despite the outstanding cast ... though I ca n't understand casting the SUPERB Irish actor , David Morrissey , as an American !!!
 What can one say about `` The Reaping '' ? Well , it is n't that original , basically it could have been pawned off as a cable of the month movie seen on Cinemax , HBO , Showtime or some other obscure cable channel . Pretty much everything you see in this film has been done before to one extent or another , so there are no real surprises . You have your biblical references and town folk made up of Christy Christers referencing the bible . Turns out of course that the townsfolk have `` thumbed '' their noses at `` God '' and turned to the dark side -LRB- no , the dark side of the force -RRB- , but rather pay homage to satin instead.It 's not terribly interesting , and Hilary Swank -LRB- an actress who I like -RRB- is pretty much just in denial through the film until the end where it counts and discovers the little girl who was being demonized is n't actually an evil child at all , but an angel protected by God -LRB- so on and so fourth -RRB- . This is n't a great film , and goes to show Hollywood again will virtually make a film out of almost anything.I was bored to an extent watching this because so much was a repeat of past films -LRB- and done better might I add -RRB- . Nothing terribly original . I ca n't recommend this film ; it was just far too dull . I 've seen far worse , but this one was close to putting me into a coma . See it at your own risk , but I guarantee you 'll want your money back after renting it . It was 2hrs . of wasted talent and dialog , but then again ... that 's `` just me '' , I could be wrong ?
 The movie manages to build a pretty decent momentum till about a quarter way till the end of the film . At that point , it steers off into an insanely unrealistic , stupid plot that is less a scary thriller and more a big laughable blooper reel . Except that it isnt a blooper reel , it 's actually part of the movie and is taking itself seriously -LRB- unfortunately for the view -RRB- . It was nice to see AnnaSophia Robb -LRB- Because of Winn-Dixie , Bridge to Terabithia -RRB- in a movie role again - that girl has an incredibly bright cinematic future .
 The single star is not a review of the movie , but to agree with other reviews that object to Combo releases . I question there is a real market for Combo releases and see this as a means to charge higher prices for the most popular movies . I refuse to buy any Combo releases for the higher $ $ $ and urge other buyers to do as well . We need to send a message or we will see everything released in Combo adding up to 40 % to the price !!! The arguments made for Combos are that -LRB- 1 -RRB- you can also play it on standard DVD players and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it `` future '' protects us in case the HD DVD format becomes obsolete . For -LRB- 1 -RRB- , there may be some interest in this but for me I did n't buy an HD DVD player to watch movies on a standard DVD player . For -LRB- 2 -RRB- frankly , I 'll take my chances because if HD DVD becomes obsolete , existing players will last for quite a while and combo players will be available . Also , I can afford to buy into Blu-Ray or any other new technology with the money I saved not buying Combos -LRB- I would n't take a step backward to DVD -RRB- . If the studios think there is a market for Combos , fine ! - > Just release a HD DVD only version also at the same time . See how many they sell of each . Frankly , I only moved up to HD DVD when I saw Amazon pricing them comparable to DVD . If you do n't think there is a strategy on the part of the studios using Combos to generate more revenue just look at the upcoming releases of White Noise -LRB- HD DVD only -RRB- and White Noise 2 -LRB- Combo -RRB- . What sense does that make other than to create interest with the first movie and then sock it to you on the second ! Look at other series -LRB- Bourne , Harry Potter , Oceans 11-13 , etc. -RRB- same pattern . If they truly want the launch of HD DVD to be successful -LRB- as I do ! -RRB- , Combos pricing is very counterproductive . Annoyed and frustrated .
 Well you can tell by my blatant sarcasm that this movie was far from scary . If anything it had one really creepy part and the rest was like a supernatural episode of Law & Order or something . Most of the horror lovers will probably love my opening sentence and quickly get rid of this and that 's why I wrote that first . The film is about a woman named Katherine -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- who has had a pretty tough life so far . She lost her child and husband during a expedition . Katherine investigates what seem to be supernatural acts and gives them a scientific explanation . Because of what happened to her family she has lost all faith . She is now a professor at LSU with her partner Ben played by Idris Elba . Her and Ben are called upon to help explain a crazy and shocking discovery.In a small town called Haven the river has turned completely red like blood , which is the first plague . After more and more start to happen like frogs falling from the trees into the river she encounters a young girl . The girl runs and then she is told that the town thinks the girl killed her brother and is the reason for the plagues . Because of this the town believes they have to kill the girl to stop the plagues . Katherine undergoes a huge battle trying to decide if the girl is truly evil or the exact opposite . There is some good to this movie , the acting is really good and it has great picture and sound quality . Also it 's a interesting story and it kept me interested to the end.What messes up The Reaping is the fact that it is not even a thriller . It does not scare you at all and it takes forever to get to a point that you know is coming . There were a few scenes where they were building you up for something scary and then it stops . Nothing happens , just on to the next bit of information . It really was like a prolonged TV mystery that could n't be too scary . What scared me most was that I almost bought this movie instead of borrowing it . I only hope my friend can trade this in or something . Overall the movie was ok but if your looking for something scary which this is obviously supposed to be do n't even waste your time .
 This put the B in Bad Movies ! Do n't waste your hard earn money . If you can catch it on cable in a few years , do so but if you miss it ... . trust me you did n't miss much !
 `` The Reaping '' is produced by Joel Silver 's Dark Castle Entertainment , which had made such films as `` House on the Haunted Hill '' `` The 13en Ghosts '' and `` House of Wax . '' For their sixth film , they have chosen religious issues as the theme of the new film , which stars Hilary Swank as Kathleen , former missionary and professor who has to investigate the strange events in the small town of Haven . David Morrissey plays Doug , a science teacher at the local school , Idris Elba as Ben , Kathleen 's co-worker and Stephen Rea as Father Costigan , whose warning Kathleen ignores , well , at first . `` The strange events '' or `` plagues '' include the river water turning red , or diseases that kill animals , and probably you can guess what follows after them . Like any films from Dark Castle Entertainment , each spooky event is expressed with decent photography and production designs , plus the credible locations of Louisiana.For all its merits , however , `` The Reaping '' lacks the narrative power that is needed to draw the viewers into the world it describes . The character of Kathleen , who has lost her faith because of a traumatic event , is barely interesting as heroine to whom we relate , and her romantic relations with Doug -LRB- which plays an important part in the plot -RRB- are not convincing , lacking emotional depths . Though the film shows dark atmosphere , the mysterious events or `` miracles '' are not mysterious enough.The story also involves a little girl named Loren -LRB- played by AnnaSophia Robb , impressive in `` Charlie and the Chocolate Factory '' -RRB- , who might or might not be responsible for these plagues in the local town . The film gets better in the second part where we meet this mysterious girl Loren , but sadly the film takes too much time to reach there . Actually , Director Stephen Hopkins seems more interested in something else , but not the girl and Miss Robb who should be in the center of the film 's story.I still do n't know if I should call `` The Reaping '' a horror film because not many people , I think , would find it scary . That in itself may not be a problem , but it is true that for all its aptly dark atmosphere , the film 's suspense fades away too quickly -- as occult thriller , supernatural thriller , or any kind of thriller or drama -- after we come to know where the film leading us to . Many things we will see here , we have seen elsewhere before , perhaps in better films . As to the film 's brief and ineffective `` frog '' scene , `` Magnolia '' did it better .
 The ReapingThe Reaping -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- The Reaping -LSB- HD DVD -RSB- ok . heres the skinny on this borefest . its not a terible movie ... its just not scary . i dont know about you but im tired of movies steeped in old time religon . hillary swank mails it in while slumming in this b film about a girl who might be an incarnation of satan . does the world really need another anti christ film ? anybody remember last years terrible omen remake ? that winona ryder mess from a few years ago?did you care ? i didnt !!!! save your money and rent or buy rosemary 's baby or the exorcist . this film also suffers from being way too long to get to the point -LRB- which still doesnt work -RRB- . too familar themes retreaded from a half dozen better films -LRB- race with the devil , brotherhood of satan , the devils rain -RRB- . want to see a better film about bad things happening in a small town ? buy `` lets scare jessica to death '' and leave the reaping behind . supporting films like this only encourages bad film making . especially in the horror genre where if you get one good film a year you truly are lucky . this on isnt it . spare yourself .
 Katherine -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- , a former missionary , now travels the world investigating ` miracles ' ; she does n't believe in them anymore and she is always able to find a scientific explanation for the occurrence . A professor at LSU , she is approached by Doug -LRB- David Morrissey , BBC America 's `` Viva Blackpool '' -RRB- the science teacher in a small town called Haven , up in the Louisiana Bayou . Katherine and her assistant , Ben -LRB- Idris Elba -RRB- , a former student now professor , arrive to find an idyllic little town . But when they arrive at the river , the site of a murder , they find the water has turned to blood . A strange , young girl , Loren -LRB- AnnaSophia Robb , `` The Bridge to Terrabithia '' -RRB- has murdered her older brother and now the town fears it will be visited by the ten biblical plagues . As Katherine , Ben and Doug continue to poke around , it appears the townsfolk might be right ; frogs , locusts , fire in the sky , and more all happen with increasing frequency . Katherine is desperate to prove this can all be proved by science before the townsfolk murder Loren , believing she is a messenger of Satan . `` The Reaping '' , directed by Stephen Hopkins -LRB- TV 's `` 24 '' , `` The Ghost and the Darkness '' -RRB- , starts out in a promising fashion , but quickly deteriorates.Since the ten plagues feature so heavily in the story , let 's examine the seven different sins this film commits .1 . The sin of Greed.On the one hand , it seems odd that Swank would follow her second Oscar winning performance -LRB- `` Million Dollar Baby '' -RRB- with `` Freedom Writers '' and '' The Reaping '' . On the other hand , it does n't seem odd at all.These are big budget films , so she was likely offered a large paycheck for both and ca n't be blamed for trying to earn some real money for her craft . She clearly did n't make a lot of money for `` Boys Do n't Cry '' and did n't receive a lot for `` Million Dollar Baby '' . Why should n't she try to capitalize on her fame and make some money?One reason
 I got ta admit , the idea seems good . An Oscar winning actress like Hillary Swank in a horror film about the 10 biblical plagues in a small town . What kills it isnt the acting , its the strung together plot line which comes from just about every `` B '' horror film you have seen . There are no big shocks , no big statement about good or evil just a poor script.When you get to the twist at the end and the credits roll you will say toyourself `` oh , please ... is that it '' ??!!! Even for horror lovers of the genre , this one is hard to admire .
 The movie soundtrack is very noisy and disturbing . It remains quiet and then every few minutes it will just get loud . It has too many flashbacks flash forwards and dream sequences to keep track of . We had rented the movie on tivo via unbox but we deleted it in half an hour . Good that we rented with the 99 cent special deal otherwise this would have been a waste of 3-4 dollars and half an hour .
 If you know all about Moses and the 10 plagues in the Bible , then you know what will happen next starting with the river turning red . It 's so predictable that it 's boring . In addition , there 's no scare factor.Wanna know what the movie is about ? Read the other reviews.Overall , do n't waste your time with this movie .
 Professor Katherine Winter -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- was once an ordained minister , but has since relinquished her faith and title after the tragic death of her husband and daughter . -LRB- Before going further , it needs to be said that Swank is actually very pretty in this movie , the most feminine of her career , and the only real reason to watch The Reaping -RRB- With anger and despair filling her heart , Winter spends her free time disproving religious-themed miracles.Next up is a small Louisiana bayou town and a collection of Biblical plagues , as the fish die in a river that looks like a giant batch of Koolaid , which eventually leads to the demise of the WB frog , and flies that are apparently reincarnated ninjas -LRB- you 'll understand if you see it -RRB- . The anxiety of small-minded townfolk and a need to blame someone leads the yokels - especially a cartoonish mayor who looks like Colonel Sanders ' morbidly obese cousin - to blame a young , swamp-dwelling girl based upon nothing more than the hearsay of a local busybody.Anyway , it 's up to Winter to disprove the plagues and make rational decisions - even though it 's clear that Swank did n't make one when she signed on for his movie . Eventually she has to cross the line between the possibilities of a disapproving God wreaking havoc , and a mischevious Devil tricking local idiots who no doubt follow the same philosophical principles asThe Waterboy 's momma . All of this is mashed together with misfitting subplots of cults and child sacrifice and convoluted flashbacks , not to mention a pointless secondary minister who I hoped from the beginning would incur the nasty boils plague.With a boring , hokey ending , and a collection of uninteresting characters , the `` surprise '' plot-twist was spoiled . When God eventually reigns down his judgement , I sincerely doubt it will be this boring . Believable science behind the plagues is supported by a mesmerizing DVD-extra that explains how the events could have occurred , but there is n't really much in the actual movie 's fear or horror department . Unfortunately , it 's completely stereotypical - the disbeliever 's faith-restored moment takes place , the black sidekick dies before the end , and there is a painfully unnecessary set up for a sequel . Otherwise it 's single-viewing , derivitave movie that should have been sacrificed at the terrible script alter .
 i received my item and when i opened it i noticed the inside case was cracked then i attempted to play it but i mistakenly i bought a dvd that could only be watched in the UK and they thought it was ok to not let me know that i would not be able to see it in USA were im purchasing it from .
 The Reaping kinda sucked . The music worked way too hard , heavy , over dramatic in a way that when done right can be hugely affective , like in The Exorcist , but that here was just melodramatic and a little B movie of the week . Suckage also turned out to be a theme because the entire movie was a failure at whatever it actually was attempting . The plot was convoluted , the dialogue was crappy , it was n't scary and the only reason that I was grossed out was because I made the mistake of eating a grilled cheese sandwich right in the middle of the lake of blood scene . -LRB- I have a delicate stomach , yo ! -RRB- So , let 's make a movie and let 's set it in the creepy backwaters of the Louisiana Bayou . We 'll fill it with happy , southern people dealing with creepy biblical plagues . Throw in a newly menstruating blonde baby girl with big creepy blue eyes and surely we 'll have a hit . Was that the pitch meeting ? Did anyone really buy that ? Hilary Swank did and I hope that she did n't read the script before she signed on cause the only thing that did work was the aforementioned blonde , blue-eyed creepy girl.The Reaping fails at what The Skeleton Key excelled at . You 're filming in the south in the bayou only kinda not really . I never got that heavy , languid , creepily atmospheric feeling that pervaded the landscape in The Skeleton Key . The Reaping 's version of the Louisiana Bayou was sanitized and too bright . Hilary Swank gently perspired , the plantation was being renovated , but maybe most of the work had already been done . There was no peeling paint or squeaky steps , no rotting wood , very little in the way of tangled underbrush . That heavy feeling you get in tropical locales was completely missing.Having only ever been to Louisiana in the spring and summer maybe I 'm missing something and they were filming in the winter.There was the requisite church songs playing in the background on an old record player , mystical , dreamy maybe sex , suspect heroes and the looming apocalypse . With all of that you would think that this movie could work it out . It was spliced with dream sequences and jumbled flashbacks that collided and , I suppose , were meant to make a kind of sense and reveal all sorts of super secret information cause hey , jumbled flashbacky dream sequences , what about that does n't scream CLUE . Unfortunately , the clues only confused us more and we actually paused , re-wound and slow-mo 'd through a couple of them . It still did n't really make sense . Not that that was unusual because most of the movie did n't make sense either and we all sat back as the credits rolled to try and piece together what actually happened and how in the heck Hilary Swank ended up carrying the anti-Christ when the entire time we thought the big-eyed blonde girl was the perfect demon child.Well , as it turns out the blonde , Lauren , was a sort of angel . A second born child embodying the wrath of God , Lauren 's purpose is to destroy the evil that 's been brewing in Haven , Louisiana for generations . I have to say that I called it as we watched Lauren and Katherine -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- bond over the joy of becoming a woman . I figured that the entire town had been worshipping Satan and that now that they 'd `` reaped '' -LRB- see how they did that -RRB- the perfect child they were in a panic because they could n't actually control her . Well , I was * almost * right . Turns out they were trying to kill her not because they could n't control her but because she was going to Kill Them All . See , Little Lauren was conjuring the Ten Plagues of Egypt and if you all recall the tenth plague is the Death of the First Borns . Well , Haven just so happened to be a town full of first born 's as part of the tenets of their devil worshipping sect.The entire movie was difficult and mostly silly and I could n't figure out why Hilary Swank ran around at night in a flowing white skirt . What was that about , really ?! Then there was , of course , the one COC , Ben . Ben is Katherine 's T.A. from LSU and he 's got a Master 's degree and he 's an educated black man who believes in the Lord -LRB- been going to church every Sunday for ten years -RRB- and was saved back in the day when he used to be a drug dealer and gang banger and general all around bad man . Of course , he also died . Like I did n't see that one coming.Dude , seriously ?! Yeah , that 's what I said , too.The only thing that I did like about the movie was AnnaSophia Robb as Lauren McConnell , the angel masquerading as the Anti-Christ . That little girl is beautiful and angelic and creepy all at the same time . With her big , big blue eyes and delicate bone structure she managed to be all of those things that I think Rob Zombie was looking for in Daeg Faerch and failed to find.Idris Elba did a good job with the crappy dialogue and did a great job creating a generic American accent . Too bad , really , because I think all if not most of the characters were actually supposed to be from Louisiana . David Morrissey was especially bad . DUDE ! Seriously creepy southern town in the creepy backwater bayous of Louisiana where `` every bump in the night is the devil at your back door '' ! Seriously ?! I did n't see the point of paying Stephen Rea to appear in the movie and Hilary Swank took ten steps backwards to play the part . Blessedly it was only 96 minutes , although sadly , those 96 minutes happened to fall smack dab in the middle of Jeopardy .
 Version
 The Reaping , starring Hilary Swank was interesting for a variety of reasons . Of course there was nothing terribly original . The plot involved biblical plagues , a child believed to be responsible for the strange happenings being reported , strange deaths and a disbeliever . I , on the other hand , looked at it from the perspective of `` How would I react following a situation that rocked my spiritual beliefs to it 's very foundation '' ? `` How would I view God or my spirituality following a tragedy that rocked me to my core '' ? Or `` How much can a person take before they break '' ? While the story revolves a Louisiana State University scientist who heads to the bayou to investigate reported biblical plagues . Water is turning to blood , frogs falling from the sky , lotus covering everything following the death of a young boy at the hands of his sister . As the story unravels , we find out that there is more to this small town that meets the eye .
 Very bad acting and thought of how to manage from start to finish , from one thing jumping to another just does n't make sense and Swank 's performance bores , should consider this movie as a failure .
 Hilary Swank is wasted in this silly movie that might have made an interesting X-Files episode , but even that would be a stretch . Even the effects are cheesy , as are the dialogue and plot . 1-star , mostly because Hilary looks good and tries hard to be better than the material .
 Hilary Swank 's acknowledged acting talent was totally wasted in the inane satanic film `` The Reaping '' . The flick 's promising introductory scenes quickly degenerated into an aborted attempt to combine religion with occult to produce a frightening storyline.Swank plays Katherine Winter , a professor at LSU who had previously been an ordained minister . Her bailiwick was investigating alleged miracles and debunking them based on scientific fact . Swank had lost her faith when doing missionary work in the drought ravaged Sudan , as both her husband and daughter were killed by superstitious local tribesmen.Swank was summoned at the university by Doug Blackwell a teacher from the bible belt hamlet of Haven located in the bayous of Louisiana played by David Morrissey . The water in the local river purportedly turned to blood and Morrissey came to Swank seeking her council and an explanation . Swank ably assisted by Idris Elba playing Ben was soon confronted by plagues of frogs , dying livestock et al in the cursed town . The explanation for these plagues were put at the feet of a 12 year old girl Loren played by AnnaSophia Robb . According to the townfolk she was an incarnate of Satan himself.Using computer graphics which were incredible , in particular , as the town gets attacked by grasshoppers , the plagues continue . The plot however degenerates into a half baked Satanic cult story that had it 's origins in the town . Swank gets immersed into the histrionics as her actions propagate a continuation of the phenomena as the film concludes .
 * spoilers ** 1/2Professor Katherine Winter -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- is some sort of professional miracle-debunker -LRB- ah , the things they provide government grant-money for these days -RRB- who is called to a small town in the Louisiana Bayou to investigate the claim that the water in the local river has mysteriously turned to blood . Once an ordained minister but now an atheistic skeptic - a condition brought on by the death of her young daughter - Winter sets out to find a rational , scientific explanation for the phenomenon , only to discover , when she arrives there , that the town is indeed suffering from what appears to be a Biblical Ten Plagues redux . Soon , frogs are falling from the sky , cattle are dying in the fields , food is becoming infested with maggots , boils are popping up on the citizenry , swarms of locusts are plaguing the town etc. , etc. , etc. `` The Reaping '' is another in a long line of Bible-inspired thrillers that are long on silliness and short on thrills . With its largely incoherent , cobbled-together tale of prophecy fulfillment and ritualized child sacrifice , the movie manages to insult scientists , atheists , religious folk and rural Southerners - not to mention the intelligence of its audience - with just about equal fervor . Not to worry , though , for the unbeliever - as is always the case in such films - has her religious faith miraculously restored to her in the end , although it comes with a mighty steep price as revealed in the story ` s tiresomely `` ironic '' coda.All involved in this overwrought and undernourished fiasco seem to be phoning in their work , from the performers to the writers to the director to the special effects technicians . As for Ms. Swank 's appearance in this swill , all we can say is rarely has a two-time Oscar winner fallen this far .
 this movie was a complete and utter disappointment . it could have been so good , but it was very very bad .
 bad movie . . trailer was the best part of the movie watch the trailer and you have seen the best part of the film save your money ...
 I bought this movie after watching the previews on another movie . I am an action junkie ; and this movie looked like tons of action . It was not . They must have shown all of the action scenes in the preview . This movie is VERY LONG , VERY SLOW , BORING , with a very disappointing ending . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME !!!
 An ambitious undertaking for an indie . Unfortunately , it really winds up looking like an exercise in duplicating well-worn filmmaking techniques and trying to do what Tarantino has done , just `` to see if I can . '' It even has title cards and an animated sequence a la KILL BILL . Overly red blood that splatters and sprays , villains with manically waggling eyebrows , ho hum.It 's a horrible script . The dialogue is an opportunity for characters to talk -- it does n't move to story along . The characters talk like they want to say something cool rather than just say something . The actors come off as unsure of their physical movement -- unintentionally awkward and clunky . They 're not -LRB- all -RRB- bad actors , it just looks like they 've had poor direction . There 's a whole lot of over-reacting and tons of distracting , fidgety ` business . ` All that said , it is a good looking film . Many shots look great . It 's just not a great story .
 This film is bad on every level . It makes an episode of Scooby Doo seem high-end . It could be an example of what not to do when making a movie . I felt ripped off of my time and money . Anyone giving this film a positive review is either blind and deaf or an investor in or associated with the movie in some way . Yes , it is that awful . It is not even a complete film . The Director has to show the SAME scenes over and over again , and some scenes are shown running BACKWARDS to fill the 110 minutes -LRB- I am not making this up -RRB- . The plot is so convoluted , poorly written and boring you end up feeling sorry for the actors . The real title to this thing should be '' Shoot me first and pray I do n't live to the end of the film '' . Save your money and go to You Tube , the entertainment value is better . `
 Never heard of this movie before , but gave it a chance . It was so bad that I could not finish it . One of the few movies I have bought and sent out with the trash man .
 I have never liked Carlos mencia , hes arrogant , racist , and a liar . Hes Honduran and German , and tries to pass himself off as mexican so he can sell more . All his jokes are about race , he literally has nothing else , Oh he also makes fun of fat people , He repeats himself to take up time and hes a joke theif . He steals from unknown comics that cant defend themselves and he gets away with it . Joe Rogan is a great person for going after him and trying to bring him down . If you want to listen to good comics , listen to Daniel Tosh , Greg Giraldo , or Nick Dipaolo , not this hack
 It is very true that this material is absolutely hilarious and that Carlos is doing his best to comically bust the PC culture that has paralyzed us . But this is the same DVD as `` Live 2003 '' with a ` Day in the Life of Carlos ' tacked on . If you own the later , save your money for a TRULY new DVD or to buy tickets to a Carlos Mencia show . It will be better spent .
 I 'm not saying this as a Chappelle fanboy , or for any reason unrelated to the fact Carlos is not funny . Mencia is a guy who prefers congratulating himself over how edgy and offensive he is , while proving joke after joke that he 's PC as one can get . If Carlos wants to shock me , he should try telling a funny joke . I 'd be in a perpetual state of awe.Edit
 ITS 2007 ! I AM GOING TO YELL HERE BECAUSE I AM JUST SICK AND TIRED OR THIS SIMPLE OVER SITE OVER AND OVER ON SO MANY DVDS I SAW THIS ON CABLE , IT *** WAS **** CLOSED CAPTIONED , AND IT IS A FUNNY SHOW!SO I LOOK IT UP ALL OVER ONLINE , NO CLOSED CAPTIONING/ENGLISH SUBTITLES ON INCLUDED IN THE DVD I HAVE DVD 'S FROM -LRB- 10 -RRB- TEN T E N YEARS AGO THAT ARE SUBTITLED CAPABLE I HAVE CASH , READY TO BUY , SO DO MILLIONS OF OTHER HEARING IMPAIRED PEOPLE , HAVE CASH , READY TO BUY , BUT CANT.PEOPLE WITH HEARING PROBLEMS SEEM TO BE THE LAST GROUP LEFT IN THE USA THAT STILL GET THE SHAFT . HERE WE ARE , THE 21ST CENTURY.Ridiculous
 Ned Holness is not funny . Why did I just call `` Carlos Mencia '' that ? Because that 's his real name . He 's not from LA or Mexico for that matter . He 's half Honduran and half German , but pretends to be Mexican to ingratiate himself in the Mexican American community -LRB- Hey , I 'm latino right ? What does it matter ? -RRB- . Ever notice how unrelated he looks to the guy who plays Joseph Mencia on his worthless Comedy Central series?Not only does `` Carlos '' lie about his heritage , he also steals countless jokes from better comedians . Chris Rock , Dave Chapelle , Joe Rogan , George Lopez , George Carlin and even Jeff Foxworthy have had material liberally lifted by him . His audiences howl at jokes that are n't even his.When `` Carlos '' resorts to his own material , its boring , predictable , played out , offensive -LRB- not in a funny way -RRB- and plain stupid . 99.9 % of his material are racial jokes . He claims it is America -LRB- or to be more blunt , white people -RRB- who are the ones who are obsessed with race . But I 've yet to hear Ned tell a joke that is not only of his own , but also one that does not revolve around how weird white people must seem to Mexicans or how every Arab American is a potential suicide bomber . People are often under the assumption that a comedian being un-PC warrants him to be an edgy , underground iconoclast . Those same people do n't bother to think that PC itself is a relatively recent ideaology , and that un-politically correct humor has been around for decades . Ever heard of Lenny Bruce or Red Fox ? Just because you have something that is considered a social taboo as your material , like sex or race , does n't automatically mean you have an `` edge '' over other comics . Think of how many worthless comedians you see on HBO , Showtime or Comedy Central resorting to the same sex and penis jokes that people picked up on back in third grade?Leave this imitator in the trash where he belongs .
 To much cussing , we do not mind some cussing , as long it 's clever.Cussing is the main point of this DVD .
 Carlos is neither Mexican nor original . He does n't want us to get offended by his empty racial jabs -LRB- which do n't offend me -RRB- , but I do take offense at his ripping off other , better comedians . It 's not an easy thing to come up with material ... well , good material anyway . Think of it like a song or a novel . If you wrote a terrific song , performed it at some club and then heard a crappier version of it , recorded by another band , on the radio would n't it bother you ? Why is comedy any different ? If you think it is , then by all means buy this hack 's junk , but if you respect integrity do n't support this jerk .
 I checked it out to see what he was all about and this was not funny ... I 'd forgive a lot in the name of comedy but his material is a dime a dozen racist jokes , usually at the expense of the poor and working class and Mexican.I 'm sure some people would like it because it validates what they think about these people but as I am all three so I thought it was repugnant.In this current political climate this is totally P.C.All my friends think he is a sell-out to our people.Watch at your own self-revealing peril .
 this guy is not at all funny ... he uses material other comedians use and tries to package it as something new ...
 Lum & Abner -LRB- Chester Lauck and Norris Goff -RRB- were a popular radio team for 25 years beginning in 1931 , and they moved to the big screen in 1940 for DREAMING OUT LOUD , which was popular enough to lead to half a dozen sequels -LRB- the last , a belated fare-thee-well , was produced in 1956 -RRB- . It is one heck of a strange film , part backwoods comedy , part heart-tugging drama ; it 's as if a soap opera broke out in the cornfields of HEE-HAW . Proprietors of the Jot ` em Down General Store in Pine Ridge , Arksansas , Lum Edwards and Abner Peabody have a nice perch with which to comment on the goings-on in town -LRB- what goings-on there are , if any -RRB- and get involved as Mary Worth-type helpers to young lovers , kids with dark secrets , the town drunk , and anybody else stumbling through . -LRB- Note that Lauck and Goff were in their mid-30s when this film was produced , but were made up to appear 30 to 50 years older -RRB- . The first third of the picture is pure corn , as our heroes discuss changing the signs in front of the store -LRB- one says `` Fall Clearance Sale '' , t ` other says `` Spring Sweep Sale '' , and they finally decide to leave ` em both up in case 'n they ever decide to have another one of either -RRB- . There 's a shiftless gentleman who sleeps by the stove all day ; Abner explains that he has been tryin ' ter get a position as steamboat captain on a riverboat . `` There ai n't no river near here , '' Lum retorts . `` He 'll wait , '' Abner responds . Perhaps the funniest scene has the two of them playing checkers ; when Lum quits , Abner decides to go right on playing checkers by his lonesome , only he gets in a big argument when he accuses himself of cheating.From this urbane , witty photoplay we slip right into the crisis , when the spunky young daughter of the town 's drunk becomes the victim of a hit-and-run driver . The drunk sobers up and becomes the town 's assistant constable , and Lum and Abner help him look for the man who hit his daughter . They also assist the town doctor who 's had a stroke , advise the doctor 's son in his romance with the town 's beautiful young postmistress , and try and talk the town 's mean old rich lady into donating some much-needed medical supplies . I was sitting there thinking , `` Gosh , if only somebody would burst out into song , this movie would be perfect . '' Within seconds , Frances Langford -LRB- the aforementioned postmistress -RRB- begins warbling `` Dreaming Out Loud '' , thereby giving the film its title.The best thing about this mishmash is the supporting cast ; you 'll find Frank Craven -LRB- SON OF DRACULA -RRB- , much-used character actor Irving Bacon , Clara Blandick -LRB- Auntie Em in WIZARD OF OZ -RRB- , Robert Wilcox -LRB- MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN -RRB- , and Phil Harris ! Director Harold Young also gave us THE SCARLET PIMPERNEL -LRB- 1934 -RRB- and a trio of Universal horrors , THE MUMMY 'S TOMB -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , THE FROZEN GHOST -LRB- 1945 -RRB- and JUNGLE CAPTIVE -LRB- also 1945 -RRB- . DREAMING OUT LOUD and some of its sequels are available on DVD from Alpha . DREAMING 's print and transfer are okay , a bit jumpy and seeming to be missing a little footage , but quite acceptable if you 're really in the mood for a Lum and Abner festival .
 `` Anna Christie '' is a 1930 film of a 1922 Pulitzer prize winning Eugene O'Neill play . This was the second filming of the play , an early silent film having been directed by Thomas Ince in 1923 . It stars Greta Garbo with George Marion , Charles Bickford , and Marie Dressler.This film was Garbo 's first talkie . Prior to this Garbo had been in nearly 20 silent films , starting as early as 1920 . Her best known silent films were `` Flesh and the Devil '' -LRB- 1926 -RRB- which was directed by Clarence Brown , and `` Love '' -LRB- 1927 -RRB- in which she co-starred with John Gilbert . She was nominated 3 times for an Oscar -LRB- `` Anna Christie '' , `` Camille '' , and `` Ninotchka '' -RRB- but never won . She is listed # 5 on the AFI 's list of Greatest Actresses . Her salary for '' Anna Christie '' was $ 250,000 . George Marion appeared in the original play and in the silent film of the same name -LRB- 1923 -RRB- . He reprises his role in the 1930 film . Marion appeared in 35 films , mostly in the silent era . In 1930 alone he appeared in 8 films , including Oscar winning `` The Big House '' . Marion plays Garbo 's father.Crusty Charles Bickford appeared in nearly 100 films . `` Anna Christie '' was his fourth film . He was nominated for an Oscar three times -LRB- `` Song of Bernadette '' in 1943 , `` The Farmer 's Daughter '' in 1947 , and `` Johnny Belinda '' in 1949 -RRB- , and each time , the actress who played opposite him won the Oscar for Best Actress - Jennifer Jones , Loretta Young , and Jane Wyman . Bickford plays a sailor who falls in love with Grabo , unaware she was a prostitute.Marie Dressler was a major star of the silent era . She started in films in 1910 at the age of 42 and was famous for her Tillie films -LRB- 1914 , 1915 , 1917 -RRB- and later won the Oscar for her role as Min in `` Min and Bill '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- opposite Wallace Beery , and was nominated in 1932 for `` Emma '' . Her final film performance was as `` Tugboat Annie '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- opposite Beery again . Dressler plays the girlfriend of Garbo 's father.Clarence Brown directs . Brown was a well known silent film director -LRB- `` Last of the Mohicans '' , `` Flesh and the Devil '' -RRB- . He was nominated for an Oscar 5 times -LRB- `` Anna Christie '' , `` A Free Soul '' , `` The Human Comedy '' , `` National Velvet '' , and `` The Yearling '' -RRB- but never won . His films earned 38 Oscar nominations and 9 wins , but never for Director . This was his second film with Garbo and they would work together on 4 more films . He loved working with actresses , and also worked with Joan Crawford 6 times.Williams Daniels is the cinematographer . Garbo insisted he shoot all her films , which he did , except for 2 -LRB- `` Conquest '' , `` Two-faced Woman '' -RRB- which turned out to be flops at the box office . When not working with Garbo , Daniels was a favorite of Erich von Stroheim , who was Garbo 's favorite director -LRB- even though she made 6 films with Brown -RRB- . Daniels lensed more than 150 films . He was nominated 3 times -LRB- `` Anna Christie '' , `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof '' , `` How the West was Won '' -RRB- and won once -LRB- `` Naked City '' in 1948 -RRB- . Irving Thalberg produced . Known as `` The Boy Wonder '' , Thalberg transformed MGM into the powerhouse it became . He sponsored the Marx Brothers as well as films such as `` The Big Parade '' -LRB- 1925 -RRB- , `` Grand Hotel '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` San Francisco '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , and `` Romeo and Juliet '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . Although the staging for Garbo 's entrance is great , with the audience waiting to see her saunter up to the bar and say `` Gif me a viskey , and do n't be stingy baby '' , by today 's standards it 's a little too long to wait for the headliner to appear . Nonetheless , the public and critics were excited . The New York Tribune called her voice `` deep , husky contralto that possesses every bit of that fabulous poetic glamour ... '' BTW - her husky voice was part of her act . In real life her voice was quite high , but she practiced for years to develop a deep voice so that she could make the transition to sound films.The film received 3 Oscar nominations -LRB- Actress , Director , Cinematography -RRB- but did n't win . As was common in 1930 films , the camera is relatively static and rather than film oriented , this is more of a filmed play . As well , many of the actors came from the silent film era , so the acting tends to be exaggerated . Although there are some early 30s films that resemble more modern film techniques -LRB- e.g. , `` Public Enemy '' , `` Grand Hotel '' -RRB- , this is not one of them.The film has historic value as the first Garbo talkie , and there is another great performance from Marie Dressler . It 's also great to see photos of the New York skyline in 1930 . But otherwise the film fails to hold up by more modern standards .
 you 've got to be kidding me . total new age , painful to watch garbage -LRB- trust me I 'm not being too harsh -RRB- the substance of this DVD is about on par with the visuals -LRB- possibly done by a four year old on an amiga -RRB- , with script basically piecing together popular occult , religious , and shamanic quotes from -LRB- some -RRB- otherwise reputable sources to make an utterly confusing and incomprehensible waste of time.I beg of you , go read ayahuasca by metzner , DMT
 `` WE are the words of the sun gods made flesh . '' We are all becoming a Christ . Reminds me of something spoken by a serpent I read about in Genesis . Personally , I do n't believe we are all gods.I also do n't believe we have all been reincarnated , as is stated in this movie.I realize there are some out there who agree with the viewpoint of this video , which is their perrogative , but I am not one of them.This presentation was boring , interspersed with interesting tidbits . The music was a distraction , mainly , and the one speaking voice in the movie was enough to put someone to sleep.Don ' t be fooled by an interesting title . It 's not worth it , even if you agree with the points stated in the video as truth .
 Do n't buy this DVD . It 's cheap produced and has no value at all . The company even refuses to take back the product .
 PRETTY SORRY ! Not a dvd for documentary viewers . It was a sound and graphic display with meaningless new age dribble laced throughout .
 So in 2012 , can we all expect a mass variety of Heaven Gate Suicides?People Get real , look up Issacc Newtons Studies - I would trust him more than the mayansAnd besides if all these Occult Leaders possessed the so called truth , why did they all end in DOOM and literally destroyed ? Why did n't their inner knowledge SAVE them?Far as the snake goes in the Garden of Eden , well when you have given childbirth , you know the serpent was lying to Eve.Only one God folks , and with out him we are nothing !
 The narration would have made a great magazine article . There was a pretty good amount of information in the script . As a DVD , though , it was a sorry production . Somebody with a desktop video production rig decided to try out every special effect in the software ... three or four time over . The video is very distracting , hard to watch , and only rarely relevant to what is being said . The music track is unrelenting and also distracting , sometimes to the point that you miss what is being said . -LRB- I must admit that the first music track , which sounds a bit like `` Riverdance '' - type Irish folk music , is a musical genre that I absolutely abhor ... so my opinion here is slanted by that . -RRB- Every time the narrator pauses to take a breath , the music volume swells in a most inappropriate way . The DVD is certainly not worth the price because the information is not appropriately presented for video .
 I own and have watched `` What the Bleep '' and `` The Secret '' , and this DVD does not compare favorably . It depends too much on the graphics and music , which are admittedly great but which often overshadow the narration . The material is sometimes difficult to follow and is made more difficult by the lack of quality narration . The DVD does n't get to the meat this buyer was expecting -LRB- 2012 and the relation of the sun , the earth and mankind -RRB- until close to the end . And there is at least one serious digression -LRB- a comparison of the Egyptian god Horus to Jesus Christ -RRB- that while interesting , seemed to me to take more than its share of the DVD 's short length . Harper 's concepts are relevant , and it is urgent that they be communicated to mankind , but the packaging detracts from the credibility .
 I started the movie and could not get past the cheesy presentation or the music . Fast forwarded 7 min and the cheesy presentation was still going with the cheesy music and some cheesy person trying to speak over it . No way I could get through any more of it and turned it off . I generally wait until the end of a movie to give it a fair assessment . In this case I did not need to wait till the end ; two minutes was as long as I could stand . Save your money !!!! TOTALLY TRASH
 Once again a lot of hype for a very poorly mixed and edited film . I do n't know what it is about these films that always falls short with the music/voice mixing . The music is way too loud and the voices are too faint . Not to mention , the music sucks . If there is any ` hidden ' knowledge being presented , you 'll have to wear headphones or constantly adjust the volume for the crappy music interludes . Why ca n't they pan the music to one side , the voice to the other , and hire an experienced mixing engineer for appropriate levels ? My suggestion to this production company
 I have attempted to contact both amazon and the seller to complain that all I had received was an empty container with no dvd inside . Neither wanted to do anything about it so I will never purchase another item from this seller and will go to ebay next time .
 I only wish I could comment on the content of the film . Unfortunately due to the extraordinarily poor quality of the disc I was only able to watch the first 17 minutes of the program because the DVD was corrupt . The quality of the DVD was so poor my DVD player was unable to continue playing any part of it after 17 minutes . I tried to skip over what I though was a bad part but none of the disc would play from the 17 minute point on . The label on the DVD itself appeared to be homemade ; I do n't have a problem with low buget but this was unusable .
 DARK MATTER -LRB- 2007 -RRB- was quite a shock to me , not the least of which was comprised of how bad the film was as a truth-based tale . As pure cinema , it was also rather dull , silly and lackluster.The true event on which it 's based , consisting of plasma physicist Dr. Gang Lu and his crimes at University of Iowa in Iowa City in 1991 , speaks eloquently not only to the suspicion/racism shown toward the Chinese in America , but most loudly to the problem of graduate students and their dissertations . However relevant , all this had nothing to do with the true story.This weirdly paced , phantasmagoric rendition of the true story stars the beautiful and charismatic Liu Ye -LRB- CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER -RRB- as Liu Qing , a highly strung theoretical physics student attending some mythical college . His ` doctorate ' professor , a true bastard named Jacob Reiser -LRB- a very sinister Aidan Quinn -RRB- , hates the Chinese . When he accepts Liu as his student , one can see the look of a wolf in his eyes . He 's going to destroy this particular student because the student is light years ahead of them all.As a run-up to the film , `` The New York Times '' ran the true story of this unfortunately unhinged student in its SCIENCE section
 SEMI-SPOILER ALERT . I kept expecting SOMETHING to happen ... to shake up the story , make it more interesting . The acting was fine , but I felt the story was lacking . The cultural tidbits were interesting . It just felt like the movie was like a sports car sitting in a garage , looks cool , but not much worth if you never take it for a spin ! Hard to connect to the characters , the storyline did n't make the characters very important to you ... run of the mill movie .
 Hmmm ... What if Dorthy woke up from being with with the Munchkins , the Wizard , Scarecrow . got so pissed off that it was just a dream and took a pitchfork to Auntie Em , the farmhands and the fortune teller ... This movie has a delicious premise ; enticing the viewers in thinking they might learn some real stuff about the Cosmos and the transformative benefits of intricate human relations and a nice jab at the creationism debate.No kids , sorry . To paraphrase `` Seinfeld '' line
 Admittedly the Chinese student coming to America to pursue his dream of obtaining his Ph.D. as well as the Nobel Prize for his `` major breakthrough '' with regard to dark matter saw his dreams shattered when his dissertation topic was rejected . However , without giving away the details of the story 's ending , let 's just say that the actions taken by the student at the conclusion of the film seemed totally at odds with what we had seen of his character throughout the film and totally out of proportion as a reaction to the severe disappointment that he had experienced . If the writer or director intended to put forth some sort of warning to the academic establishment as to what can happen when a promising student 's ideas are disregarded , the attempt failed due to being too heavy-handed . Any sympathy that might be felt by the viewer for the student 's plight quickly vanishes as a result of his unjustified actions at the end of the film . I am not saying that it was necessary for the film to have a happy ending , just that a different one could have been chosen .
 The first 2/3 of this movie are spent developing the characters of Liu Xing and Prof Reiser and then all the strongest character traits of those two people are just tossed aside for the ridiculous ending . That made the entire film a complete waste of time . You 're left wondering what moron wrote that idiotic ending and why . Anyone with a shred of intellect is n't going to be moved by this except maybe to anger at having squandered 90 minutes on it . It could have been a decent movie . It did have a really cheap quality about it as you never see ANY other students at the school .
 Pretty good 1st half , which portrays the life of a grad student -LRB- those lucky enough to have superarrogant R.D.s -RRB- But , the ending is not believable , completely out of character for the protagonist . Also , Meryl Streep is a marginal character -- it 's false advertising to put her on the cover .
 As I have a collection of all of Meryl Streep 's movies , I added this one but upon watching it could n't really get into it . Found it rather gruesome , weird and sad . To me it was not one of her better movies so I would not recommend it .
 I was very disappointed in this film . Meryl Streep is one of the finest actresses of our time and this is the second film she has starred in that I have found very unsatisfactory . Although claiming to be based on a true story , it completely alters the actual events -- Hollywood does n't let truth deter `` artistic license '' if it will sell more tickets or the producers wish to present a specific viewpoint . The film did demonstrate the severe clash between American and Chinese cultures in regard to saving face and the effects of not achieving the academic success and recognition a brilliant foreign student believed was his due . The student wanted to make his parents proud and fabricates tales of success in his letters to his parents who have sacrificed to enable him to study in the U.S. . One reviewer wrote that the young doctoral student had no way out and this lead to his final actions ; he may have believed that was the case but an individual always has other options . It is a depressing and slow-moving film and definitely has an anti-academia bias to the story . If I had it to do over I would not have bought this movie or even watched it .
 I have read several reviews of this movie by people who described how moving and thought-provoking it is to them and based on a true story and all . Gee . Apparently none of these people was curious enough to investigate the `` true story '' -LRB- used to sell the film -RRB- itself . Also , several fine American actors lent their reputations to this film without -LRB- one hopes -RRB- realizing that the script completely reverses responsibility for the massacre perpetrated at the University of Iowa in 1991 by a mass murderer , a Chinese student named Gang Lu . Lu , a cold-blooded psychopath who had been awarded his PhD. , with premeditation murdered four -LRB- FOUR ! -RRB- faculty members and another student because he did not receive a prestigious prize in his field , astronomy-physics . He then killed himself . Dark Matter transforms this monster into the charming , brilliant twinkle toes we see being treated shabbily by unworthy faculty . Lest any of the bleeding heart supporters of the film imagine that Gang Lu was the victim of an anti-Chinese plot , the actual winner of the prize was another Chinese student , a woman.Lest anyone think I am too strident in my message , check out the facts
 South Park is my all-time favorite show , and hence I own every season . I just picked up season seven and was disappointed with the audio . It seems to get really low in places , and really high in others . Like it was n't properly mastered or something.I 'm not an audio freak or anything and it takes a lot for me to ever complain about something , but I spent fourty bucks on this season and kind of expected the sound to at least be somewhat level .
 Definitely rated five stars if your under the age of ten . Adults beware . These guys have run out of ideas since the first season and are proceeding on the fumes from their fart jokes.I hope Trey and Parker make vast amounts of money to help pay for voice impersonation lessons.Besides the smugness , I am tired of all the voices in South Park sounding all too similar .
 Another excellent season of shows in this boxed set . However , the sound quality is very poor . It 's most noticeable during any music . I see others have commented on this as well . I do n't know if the QA for the manufacturer is at fault or if they just did n't care while making the master.The other sore point is that there are no subtitles available . It 's amazing how cheap these guy are when it comes to their product .
 I love South Park as much as the next person , but the sound on this set is absolutely terrible , especially on the first disc - it goes from loud to almost inaudible and back . I found it incredibly distracting , especially since I love this show . I called Paramount , who admitted there was a problem and that they 're working on repressing the set -LRB- sidenote
 The people giving this DVD set 5-star ratings very doubtfully OWN the set . They are just giving the episodes 5 stars -LRB- which they DO deserve -RRB- . However , I bought this back in July of 2006 and all is not well . Can someone who bought it more recently tell me if the sound issues have been fixed ? I returned this item for a refund and wo n't be buying it again until Paramount fixes the sound issues . And , I am NOT some audiophile who needs everything to be perfect ... just enjoyable . Parts of the show are very quiet ; I had to turn the sound up to even make out the dialog . Then , a loud part comes on and almost blows my speakers . This happens multiple times per episode . Repeat this for six hours . If I wanted this kind of quality , I 'd just download the episodes off the Internet . There will be a gap in my collection until this is fixed . I do n't know why they ca n't pay someone $ 5.15 an hour to watch the DVD once before they make 10 million copies . Paramount will probably never fix this because nobody is admitting that there is a problem . These glowing reviews on a subpar product are really heartbreaking .
 What little plot there is to `` Date Movie '' is lost under a sea of unfunny and constant spoofs of other films . From `` Napoleon Dynamite '' to `` Hitch '' to `` Star Wars , '' this Alyson Hannigan vehicle is overloaded with poor references to other films . Heck , it goes so far as to spoof Paris Hilton commercials and `` Girls Gone Wild . `` It starts out rather bland , with a rather large -LRB- think Gwyneth Paltrow from `` Shallow Hal '' -RRB- and lonely Hannigan looking for Mr. Right . Her father , played by Eddie Griffin , is determined to find a husband for her , no matter what his station in life is . Desperate , Hannigan goes to a `` Hitch '' - like man -LRB- Tony Cox -RRB- who helps her drop the pounds and eventually hook-up with a British dude who 's just perfect . Of course , a jealous ex -LRB- `` My Best Friend 's Wedding '' -RRB- pops onto the scene and tries to steal Hannigan 's man . From there , we 're treated to nothing but bad spoofs of just about every film made within the last two decades.As the review title states , this film just is n't funny . Only Eddie Griffin and Tony Cox made me laugh a little . Hannigan just ca n't carry a film like this on her own . She needs back-up , fast.Not recommended . If you want spoof flicks , check out the `` Naked Gun '' flicks . Heck , pick up `` Hot Shots '' for something funnier than this bomb .
 Wow , this movie was terrible . It was n't funny at all and the storyline was kind off dumb.It was about a heavyset woman who wants to be beautiful . So she does this thing like Pimp My Ride , but instead of cars , they do you . So she becomes beautiful and meets this guy and it shows how they get married and this whole comedy-supposed to be romantic story.The part i did like is they take parts from alot of movies . Probably about a good 16-20 movies , but it was n't that great . Scary Movie fans , you WILL be disappointed . See it , if you dare .
 I 'm all for a good laugh . I 'm all for a fun parody . The classics began with the Zucker brothers and their classics with The Naked Gun and Airplane movies . The best . The Scary Movie franchises rolled in and became the top gun . I like those ones , although with decreasing interest with each installment . Now we get this one . Obviously , the romantic comedy/date movie was ripe for it 's own send up , but this one is n't it . The movie has being plugged as from being by `` 2 of the 6 writers of Scary Movie '' . After watching the movie , it was all too apparent that they needed the other 4 writers . There was only one part in the entire movie -LRB- and the end credits kicked in at the 72 minute mark -RRB- that made me laugh . I am not proud of it , but I will get to that later . So , what do we have here ? . A misguided and mostly unfunny affair that 's only sole saving grace is the presence of the undeniably charming and adorable Alyson Hannigan . She plays Julia Jones , a rather repulsive girl on the `` quite heavy '' side . She is love lorn and looking for the right guy . It 's not happening . She meets up with a love doctor named Hitch -LRB- played by Tony Cox -RRB- , who transforms her into a beauty and helps her get onto a Bachelor type show where she meets her Prince Charming . The rest is basically scenes taped together with not much of a story . Oh , of course , I forgot . He has an ex that wants him back . Yada yada . The movie has a more than adequate cast . Fred Willard and Jennifer Coolidge , who I adore , both pop in and make the most of their roles , which spoof those of Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand in `` Meet The Fockers '' . Oh , did I mention Prince Charming 's name ? . Never mind . It 's too obvious . Elsewhere , Eddie Griffin plays Hannigan 's dad -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- , and Mad TV alumni Josh Meyers pops in twice as Owen Wilson and Napoleon Dynamite . A few of the movies they spoof either do n't fit , or seem too over-dated to carry much weight for anyone to really care . Other times the jokes and spoofs come and feel so unconnected and pointless with everything else that 's going on . That 's not fun or funny . It 's just annoying . What was spoofed here ? . Meet The Fockers , Kill Bill , The Lord Of The Rings , King Kong , Napoleon Dynamite , My Best Friend 's Wedding , and so on . So , what about that one part that made me laugh ? . Well , not surprisingly , it 's bathroom humor at the lowest level . It 's spoofing the cat Jinx from the Meet The Parents movies , and how the De Niro character trained him to use a toilet . Uh huh . I think you know where this is going . The cat is walked in on during a rather strenuous trip to the latrine . I laughed . I 'll admit it , but shamefully . There is still something about that kind of low brow humor that draws a chuckle -LRB- or a hearty laugh -RRB- . Something like that will still have a place in us . As Rogert Ebert once said , `` May I never lose it '' . This scene pretty much tells you everything about the movie when the funniest part is an animatronic cat having a major bowel movement on the can .
 I heard bad things about this movie but it would n't have been the first time I like a movie that was getting bad reviews , but oh boy was I wrong . This movie is horrible , not funny at all . I did n't like any of the Scary Movies , have n't seen the last one and I 'm not planning to , so when I saw they were promoting this movie as been brought by 2 of the masterminds behind the Scary Movies I was n't expecting much , but still I gave it a chance , and now I hate myself for it . Where there any writers involve in this ? They just throw parts of other movies randomly and they did n't even try to make it funny.I really ca n't explain what 's happening lately with all these Teen Comedies coming out from Hollywood , hardly any of them are worth watching . Last week I watch the Korean teen comedy `` Sex is Zero '' for the second time and it was hilarious , why ca n't they make a movie like this one ? If you are planning on watching `` Date Movie '' , wo n't , save your money or better yet , get `` Sex is Zero '' and have a great time .
 This film is a spoof of a lot of other films in the same tradition as Not Another Teen Movie and Scary Movie . Only those films have redeeming qualities while the entire existence of this film is one big goof.Eddie Griffin does a pretty good job considering the bad material he was given ; but this movie is just ridiculous.I only chuckled 4 times :1 . One scene involving a Britney and K-Fed spoof .2 . An Eddie Griffin line when he 's spoofing Robert DeNiro from Meet the Parents .3 . When the main male character -LRB- I do n't even care enough to remember or look up their character names -RRB- is parodying Brad Pitt from Mr. and Mrs. Smith during the psychiatry session .4 . During the Hitch spoof , the midget guy is pointing to pictures of all of the celebrity couples he 's responsible for putting together even though they are no longer together . e.g. Tom and Nicole , Ben and Jen , Brad and Jen , Matt and Ben , Anne and Ellen , etc.Bottom Line
 I checked out `` Date Movie '' because it stars Alyson Hannigan . For years when I touted `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' as the best show on television people told me it must be because I thought Sarah Michelle Gellar was hot . I always said she was okay , but the one I liked was Alyson Hannigan as Willow because she was smart , cute and funny , a rare combination -LRB- for example , Tina Fey is on the short list -RRB- . Her limited success in movies is based on what happened in `` American Pie , '' where she had the funniest two lines , the second of which -LRB- `` Same my name ... '' -RRB- , was an ad-lib . Hannigan has been the female lead in a movie that opened # 1 at the box office -LRB- `` American Wedding '' -RRB- , but while she has found another good television role as Lily on `` How I Met Your Mother , '' her movie career is floundering . Her next gig is voice work for the mocumentary `` Farce of the Penguins , '' which actually might be a step up given her first leading role in `` Date Movie . `` I compare `` Date Movie '' to `` Airplane ! '' , the film that remains the standard by all such kitchen sink comedies need to be judged , and the obvious difference is that with `` Airplane ! '' just knowing the genre is enough to get all of the jokes in the movie . But with `` Date Movie , '' like with the `` Scary Movie '' franchise , you really need to have seen all of the movies it is parodizing . We start off with Hannigan in a fat suit -LRB- `` Shallow Hall '' -RRB- , keeping up with her diary -LRB- `` Bridget Jones 's Diary '' -RRB- , standing on a subway grate -LRB- `` The Seven Year Itch '' -RRB- , working in her family restaurant -LRB- `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' -RRB- , and going to see a matchmaker -LRB- `` Hitch '' -RRB- . She then meets the man of her dreams on a TV reality show -LRB- `` The Bachelor '' -RRB- , eat at A Restaurant -LRB- `` When Harry Met Sally '' -RRB- , and since his last name turns out to be Funkyerdoder the primary template for this movie ends up being `` Meet the Fockers . '' Somehow , making a sequel the template strikes me as a major mistake , even if one of the few times I actually laughed -LRB- mom in the urn on the mantle -RRB- , came in this segment . But if you did not really find a movie that was supposed to be a comedy all that funny , then trying to do a parody of it is just not worth the effort.The movie also works in `` My Best Friend 's Wedding , '' `` Pretty Woman , '' `` Kill Bill
 How bad is this movie?It 's marginally better than `` Epic Movie , '' which is not saying a lot . This is mostly because of Alyson Hannigan as `` Julia Jones , '' an obese waitress in a Greek diner who dreams of finding True Love -LRB- but not before a makeover ! -RRB- and Adam Campbell , who plays the WASPy love interest Grant - I ca n't spell his last name , but trust me , it 's `` funny . '' Many , many romantic films , such as `` Pretty Woman , '' `` When Harry Met Sally , '' and more recent ones are parodied , as well as TV shows , high tech gadgets . celebrities and other pop culture phenomenon . Other movies which do n't fall under the romance genre are spoofed as well . Like `` Napoleon Dynamite . '' Which sounds humorous perhaps , but it 's not . The guy in the cubicle next to yours probably has a better imitation . At any rate , imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery , but without a twist of originality , the joke falls flat . It 's like the filmmakers pulled a bunch of things to mock out of a hat and then put them all in a blender and pressed High for the ultimate in noxious pop culture blends . Recommended only for die-hard Hannigan fans or perhaps the inebriated.Dissing this movie is like double parking in the `` Handicapped '' space so I 'll stop now .
 I 'm tired of all these movies claiming to be the Unrated Version and not offering a single thing that would n't be included without exception in a PG-13 movie . Add to that only seven or eight decent laughs in the whole movie and I 'm pretty ticked-off . Explaining the spoofs would actually be funnier than the movie , so I wo n't do it.Tried and true spoof formula is not properly hashed out in cheap attempt to cash-in on quarter-of-a-century craze -LRB- Airplane 1980 -RRB- . Top Secret , Hot Shot , Hot Shot Part Deux and Not Another Teen Movie are much examples of this -LRB- art -RRB- form.Might have given it two stars if they left the Unrated off the box.A lot more of Josh Meyers might have helped .
 Okay , I am always open to fine parody . I was raised on MAD magazine and saw `` Airplane '' back in the day . If it is funny , then it is good , when it comes to parody.Trouble is , `` Date Movie '' is n't funny.I think Alyson Hannigan 's performance was good , as were the performances by Eddie Griffin and the others . Acting can not compensate for poor script writing and a movie whose humor is not even sophisticated enough for an eighteen year old!I am glad that the movie did n't include any actual nudity -LRB- even the `` UNRATED '' version -- which must have included some extra curse words that the theater version did not -RRB- . By being free of nudity , one can envision that the writers may have been targeting the eight to ten year old crowd with this movie . -LRB- This thought occurred to me as an unbearable scene of a cat on a toilet making rude noises while defecating seemed to drag on for what seemed like ten or fifteen squirmingly uncomfortable minutes . -RRB- If , in fact , the movie was meant for eight-to-ten-year-olds , the producers may want to advertise as such and not include pop culture references to movies such as `` My Best Friend 's Wedding '' , which may have been too long ago to have been a shared experience with the intended audience.I really do yearn for a funny , smart parody of the biggest movies . After seeing `` Date Movie '' , I continue to yearn , but I now may shy away from anything like this in the future .
 Really , I do n't even want to go in depth and pick the movie apart . It is n't worth my time , and I 'm just doing a review to save some of you people from spending movie on a terrible movie . The plot was dumb -LRB- and not in a good kind of way with spoof movies -RRB- . Two main problems :1 -- a parody was thrown in that had NOTHING to do with the style of movie -LRB- ex : Kill Bill -RRB- 2 -- a parody which was `` date '' movie related was put in just for the sake of adding something in without working it in the proper way becasue the writers could n't think of an idea or were jsut plain lazyIt 's kind of hard for me to word , but hopefully people will get what I 'm saying and spend their money elsewhere ... the only positive thing is this movie was short -LRB- 1 hour and 13 minutes -RRB- , and I really could n't wait for it to end
 As far as spoofs go , this one is the absolute worst . It 's no wonder that it was released in theaters in February and not during the holiday or summer seasons . This movie is not funny because it is simply lazy . It offers up pop cultural references but does not do anything remotely funny with them . It 's as if the writers assumed that audiences would be so amused to recognize a reference that anything beyond the reference would be superfluous . As such , we are treated to `` parodies '' of Pretty Woman , My Best Friend 's Wedding , My Big Fat Greek Wedding et al , that go nowhere fast -LRB- literally , the movie is less than 90 minutes -RRB- . Some parts of the movie are downright offensive . There is a scene early in the movie where the main characters , on a date , beat up a homeless person for no reason . Given recent stories in the news of homeless people being viciously attacked and killed , this scene was completely inappropriate and pretty much soured me on the film . In another review posted here , a reviewer indicated that people were walking out of the theater when he saw it . I 'm not surprised .
 This movie is by far the worst movie ever !!! I 'm so pissed that I even watched it . The fact that I sat through this piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- is my ONLY regret in life . Seriously ... It 's not funny . It 's not ... damn , it 's not anything ... I wanted to walk out of the theater so bad , but unfortunately , I 'm cheap ... so unfortunately I stayed.You 're gon na watch it anyway , but do n't say I did n't warn you !!!
 the sad thing about me giving this movie a horrible rating is that i love comedies and did n't even expect it to be watchable . it seems like every year there is a new trend or two for movies . the past five or six years , i would bet that at least 1/3 of the theatrical releases have been either sequels , remakes , or spoofs of other movies . the reason `` scary movie '' works -LRB- assuming it works because a third sequel is in the making -RRB- is because it lampoons supposed scary movies for comedic effect . you know its a bad sign when the movies that DATE MOVIE makes fun of are funnier than the movie itself . also , to all the directors out there
 NO SPOILERS , NO FEARS ! I do mention what it parodies in parts , but no scenes are actually given.The whole parody movie thing goes way back to the 60s and 70s with classics like Blazing Saddles and the Monte Python movies and beyond . Lately , in the new wave of parodies
 I was still willing to give this film a chance , even after seeing the abomination calledDisaster Movie -LRB- Unrated Widescreen -RRB- , from the talentless hacks Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer -LRB- They need to be banned from making films -RRB- . While Date Movie seems like a masterpiece compared to the horrendous Disaster Movie , it still sucked . This film was nothing more than a boring romantic comedy , with several spoofs of better films thrown in . You have much better comedy options to choose than this.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 Thanks to the magic of a love doctor named Hitch -LRB- Tony Cox -RRB- , former fat slob turned thin beauty Julia Jones -LRB- Alyson Hannigan -RRB- meets the man of her dreams named Grant Fockeydoer -LRB- Adam Campbell -RRB- as the dates go successful . But when he preposes to her , they have to meet each others parents , plan their big fat greek wedding , and survive the terrible friend of Grant named Andy -LRB- Sophie Monk -RRB- . Horrible parody of romantic movies and comedies alike like `` Meet the Parents/Fockers '' , `` My Best Friend 's Wedding '' , `` Napoleon Dynamite '' , `` Say Anything '' , etc. including some non-romantic movies like `` Kill Bill '' , `` Lord of the Rings '' , `` Star Wars Episode III '' and such all as the directorial debuts from Jason Friedberg and Aaron Setlzer . While not as godawful as `` Meet The Spartans '' or `` Epic Movie '' , this is still a very bad spoof that just uses pop culture references rather then solid laughs like in a real spoof movie by Mel Brooks or David Zucker . Fred Willard with Jennifer Coolidge and Eddie Griffin co-star but they ca n't save this disaster of a so-called spoof although Hannigan and Monk are sexy as hell in this movie.This DVD has suprisingly alot of extras as if this dung-pile was treated as a quality movie with stuff like deleted scenes , play with laugh-track , commentaries , extended scenes , alternate scenes , featurettes , Gag reel , TV Spots , and screen savers . Avoid this trash like the plague and seek a real parody and not these atrocious Friedberg and Seltzer duds !
 Take heed ! Do n't rent/buy or even watch this movie for free ! Instead , get yourself some bubbly toilet bowl cleaner and watch it bubble for 85 minute - you 'll have a MUCH better time . Yes , parodies can be funny , -LRB- Think Airplane ! or Scary Movie -RRB- but when a studio stoops to pump out watered down trash like this it just ends up turning off people from an entire genre . The length of this move shows 85 minutes . 5 for credits & another 5 for repeated flashbacks , -LRB- which serve no purpose than to take up space -RRB- and you are down to 75 of pure trash . Why oh why ?
 First of all a sucky plot , second of all the movie contains very little funny moments ... overall it sucked ... not woth buying just rent it or borrow it from a friend ... thats all
 Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . Allyson Hannigan ca n't even help drivel . This movie is godawful . TGFN thank god for netflix .
 Satire is hard enough to do when the writers are n't working on overkill , the central problem to DATE MOVIE
 I went into this movie hoping for the same humor and magic that made the Scary Movies so popular and hilarious , but it 's nowhere to be seen.I know it 's been said repeatedly , but it has to be said , the two writers of Scary Movie that made Date Movie were probably the worst of the six.It tries , like the Scary Movie franchise , to set up parodies of romantic comedies , such as Hitch , Meet The Fockers and Pretty Woman , and while some of the gags work because they 're just disturbing -LRB- the boyfriend dressed like Julia Roberts as a hooker in Pretty Woman , and the cat in the bathroom from Meet the Fockers -RRB- , most of the time it misses the mark and is n't remotely funny.The only thing that makes this movie barely tolerable to sit through is Alyson Hannigan -LRB- who was great in the American Pie movies -RRB- , who does the best she can with the material.But as tolerable as she makes the movie , she 's not Anna Faris , which is probably the only one who can pull off these types of movies successfully.I was hoping for a romantic comedy spoof equivalent of Scary Movie , but let 's face it , it completely fails . Let 's just stick to Anna Faris and Regina Hall in the Scary Movie franchise.Globally , it 's a movie I 'm reluctant to recommend -LRB- even as a rental -RRB- even though there are 2 or 3 funny scenes .
 Dear Makers Of Date Movie , You Suck.Kind Regards , Joey Bananas `` The Movie Monkey ''
 This is quite possibly the stupidest movie ever made . With a number of spoofs coming out in recent years , the producers of this film have tried to cash in on the trend and failed . For starters , they hired the wrong scriptwriters . Well thats basically it , they managed to sabotage this movie on their own . The idea was good , but the execution was poor . The cast was promising and well selected , but sadly did n't have a lot to work with.The first 15 minutes were actually quite good and very funny and I thought this was going to be a very good movie , but sadly , it nose-dived from here . Instead of focusing on 3 or 4 films to take the mocker out of , it got stuck into way too many and things just get carried away.There are a few very funny scenes , involving either Tony Cox or a cat who drew the biggest laugh out of meStoned teenagers may get a kick out of this movie , but anyone else with half a brain will find this the longest 80 minutes of their life . Not worth the money Im sorry to say.And another thing , I do n't understand what all the fuss about Sophie Monk is . She is completely talentless and has nothing to offer to this film or any film whatsoever .
 It 's simply unbeliavable the choices Alyson Hannigan is making when it comes to her acting career in the movies ... This atrocious piece of celluloid is one of the worst movies of the year . Its short 80 minutes are almost unbearable , filled with bad jokes and bad taste all around . Enough ... I just wan na warn you
 This has to be the worst movie i have ever seen ! I dont mind if they parodied other films , but all they do is take the exact scene from them and just make them stupider . Atleast they put a twist on them in the Scary Movie series . Aside from that , the whole moivie is NOT FUNNY AT ALL , just gross/stupid . In conclusion , this sucks . Avoid at all costs .
 I saw the preview for this movie and thought it 'd bepretty funny . The Napolean Dynamite scene is one of thehighlights , and that occurs in the first scene . Unfortunately , it 's all downhill from there . A big chunk of the movie isparodies of Meet the Parents and Meet the Fockers . Tryingto parody a classic comedy is like going to karaoke night andtrying to sing a Celine Dion song . At best , it 's tolerable.Worst case scenerio , well ... . you get the idea . Nowhere nearas funny as the Scary Movie movies .
 Exaggeration do NOT make funny movie moments . That the whole problem with this one , they exagerate every spoof to the point where it just starts getting on youre nervs . Stop making these types of movies ... well at least for some time .
 This movie is so awful that there is not a single funny scene or line in the entire film . There are spoofs on Bridget Jones ' Diary , Meet the Parents , Sweet Home Alabama , etc. , but the spoofs are simply NOT FUNNY ! Sometimes the spoofs are so gross -LRB- e.g. man chewing on another man 's chest hair -RRB- that you want to puke , not laugh.I actually liked Scary Movie and some of its sequels , and decided to give this movie a try . Big mistake!Stupidity does n't get any lower . This DVD is n't worth a penny !
 I 've alread wasted an hour and a half of my life watching this movie . And beleive me that 's time I 'd like to have back . It pains me to have to spend anymore time dwelling on this drivel.There are two major problems with this film . First and foremost it 's not funny . Maybe I missed an e-mail or a memo or something but I thought comedies were supposed to be funny . And secondly why is this movie '' unrated '' . I saw nothing in here that would n't have been above a PG-13 . My only guess is that without '' unrated '' plastered on the cover it would n't have appealed to such a wide audience.The four writers who had nothing to do with this movie have to be some of the smartest people in the world . So if you 're eyeing this movie in the rental store , my only advice to you is to slowly back away and move on to the next movie on your list . Do that and you 'll be lucky enough to be considered in the same breath as those four writers ... some of the smartest people in the world .
 I saw this DVD at a friend 's house a few weeks ago.While Alyson Hannigan was a great actress , the movie relied TOO MUCH on bathroom humor . I enjoyed the comedic scenes and the allusions to other movies , but the gross factor in several skits seemed excessive . In addition , while there was great humor , the movie seemed too much like its predeccesor , the `` Scary Movie '' series . If you truly want vomit-producing humor , get this . Otherwise , there are better comedies available .
 I hate this film so much I ca n't even explain it . The only funny thing about this film is how bad it is .
 The writers of this movie thought that referencing dozens of different movies would make a comedy . No . There has to be jokes , funny jokes . There needs to be something humorously said about the original films to make it a satire . I have seen many of the films this movie `` spoofs '' including Napoleon Dynamite , When Harry Met Sally , Mr. and Mrs. Smith , Hitch , My Big Fat Greek Wedding , The Wedding Planner , Jerry Maguire , Sleepless in Seattle , and How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days and ALL of them are funnier than Date Movie . It really is pointless to spoof comedies . The writers do n't even reference date movies all the time . They reference King Kong , Lord of the Rings , Star Wars , and it does n't work . Even the so-so Scary Movie films have something to say about the films they are spoofing . Not only was it terribly unfunny , it was sick . I like Monty Python and American Pie but when a cat starts humping a decayed human torso I draw the line.The writers of this film also made Epic Movie . I saw Date Movie on DVD . I will not see Epic Movie ever or any other film made by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer . It is a sad time in our world and an extremely small part of that sadness is the fact that movies like these are made and make millions at the box office .
 `` Date Movie '' is about an overweight girl who suddenly gets slimmer and starts dating . Being a huge fan of Allyson Hannigan and the nonsensical spoof genre -LRB- `` Scare Movie '' , `` Naked Gun '' series , `` Hot Shots '' , etc -RRB- , I expected to be entertained . Normally , this kind of movies are great at revealing contemporary Hollywood clich&eacute;s and pretensions . However , this movie is criminally bad . The comedic timing is way off . All the gags last longer than they should , as if the editor was asleep when he/she worked on this . When I saw the trailer for this movie , I was excited because date movies are great for spoofing . Unfortunately , half-way through the film the writer ran out of inspiration and decided to spoof other comedies like `` Meet the Fockers '' . Since `` Meet the Fockers '' is a crazy comedy that does n't take itself seriously , spoofing it makes no sense and makes it look like the creators of `` Date Movie '' are simply stealing scenes from another film . The opening dance sequence is perhaps the most hostile and offensive treatment of overweight people ever recorded on film . Too bad this was so bad cuz the cast is pretty good .
 Wow , one of the worst movies we 've rented in a long time . Weak spoofs , bad acting and multiple scenes that left you going WHAT?I ca n't tell you how often I was confused by some scenes that ended in a really bad placed joke that so disrupted the already weak thread of the plot.This movie stank , the spoofs stank , the writing and acting stank . Do n't spend a dime or a minute on it .
 this is perhaps the worst movie i have ever seen . it was a total waste of money and i want to light the disk on fire just so i can get some enjoyment out of it .
 Simply the worst movie I 've ever seen . If I could give it negative stars , I would.Dont waste your money .
 Comic spoofs of famous movies have been around for ages . Movies like `` Hotshots '' , `` Naked Gun '' , `` Space Balls '' and `` Scary Movie '' have always had their own place in the world of comic films based on popular Blockbusters.Their equation was simple , take a pulp classic , and ridicule it making obvious relations to the real movie in comedic forms . The audience could say laugh and comment '' haha I remember that scene from Top Gun ! '' . What was important about this genre was the possibility of sequels since popular movies would keep rolling with the times . We get movies with the likes of `` Scary Movie 2 '' and `` Naked Gun 1 & 3/4 '' . A constant stream of ideas to harass.But it seems like Date Movie is going to be the end of a long glorious genre . As we continue to ridicule we begin to realize how many jokes are simply being replayed . Extended to fill space . Seeing a cat pass gas for about 5 seconds may be funny . Having it assume a different position may be humorous . When we watch the cat fart for 2 minutes without stop we stop to wonder . What caused any director to force a scene on for such a long time ? On such a crude joke.The movie itself feels like a series of filler scenes complimented with the good laugh every now and then . On a professional point it looks like a director that had some vision but could not follow through with it into his movie . Some scenes appeared rushed and many jokes were not even integrated and were simply random references in the middle of the movie to other movies.Sometimes you will get a worthwhile laugh.I hope that resulting failure of this movie lies with the director . If not ... It may be that spoofs themselves are losing their comic value . And this is my personal belief . As much as I hope I am wrong , my gut feeling tells me that like all the other movies , usually the first was the best .
 I enjoy spoof movies . I 've seen `` Airplane '' a million times , the Scary Movie franchise still makes me laugh , and the `` Naked Gun '' films were inspired and fresh . Heck , even `` Not Another Teen Movie '' had its funny moments.This film , on the other hand , simply falls flat . I think the writers forgot that to make a spoof , they had to do more than just menetion the movie they are spoofing , or at least make the spoof moment somewhat satirical and entertaining . It 's like they made a list of all the films they wanted to make fun of and then could n't come up with ways to make them funny.Examples :1 -RRB- We need to spoof Pretty Woman ! Let 's have the male star dress up as a hooker and walk down Melrose in a flashback sequence ! Wait a minute , huh ? Why is the male star imitating a female prostitute again ? 2 -RRB- We need to spoof Meet the Parents ! I know , let 's have the goofy Ben Stiller character knock down the urn with the mother 's ashes in it , only THIS time , we 'll have an entire dead body spill out of the urn instead of ashes . Oh that will be a hoot ! And THEN we 'll have the cat go and french kiss the dead body instead of pee on it . That 's hysterical ! 3 -RRB- We need to spoof Kill Bill !! -LRB- Wait ... what ? Is that even a date movie ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- We need to spoof Hitch . I know ! Let 's have a dwarf play some guy named Hitch who gives love advice to our lead female . Hysterical ! 5 -RRB- We need to spoof When Harry Met Sally . I have a great idea . For no reason at all , we 'll start a dinner scene with our male star faking an orgasm -LRB- ridiculously I might add -RRB- . He wo n't be trying to prove a point or anything , he 'll just be wailing around like a dying seal for no reason at all at the beginning of the scene . That will get a huge laugh .6 -RRB- We need to spoof My Big Fat Greek Wedding . So let 's have our female be a member of a huge family , and we 'll have her father be a black man and her mother be Indian . That 's too much humor right there folks.I could go on and on , but I think you get the point . This movie does n't hit the same , satirical notes that better spoof movies do . It just succeeds in mentioning a bunch of date movies and making you feel sick to your stomach while at the same time feeling confused . I guess that 's worth ONE star ...
 This movie is almost too easy a target , and I do n't want to spend much time on it as the essence of this film has been captured effectively by many , many other reviewers . At heart , `` Date Movie '' is just a bit of silliness -- it has no ambition , no goals other than to showcase its preposterous spoofs . Truth be told , I usually do n't mind silly escapist fun -- as long as a picture knows it 's not very good , you ca n't really hold anything else against it . My issue with `` Date Movie , '' thus , is more complex . Movies like `` Scary Movie '' or `` Airplane ! '' have done a great job skewering other films and pop culture icons -- but the primary difference between those films and `` Date Movie '' is that they frame their spoofs and gags around an actual plot.My irritation with `` Date Movie '' comes from its absolute laziness in not even attempting to tell a story . Heck , it does n't even fake it . No , apparently the sheer delight at seeing someone in a fat suit is supposed to carry us through an entire film . The gags are so random -- and do n't get me wrong , you might chuckle occasionally -- they end up making no sense whatsoever . Have we gotten so jaded that we do n't even expect a rudimentary storyline ? It 's sight gag , after sight gag , after sight gag -- with a sound gag thrown in for variety . And it 's not even as if these jokes are clever . By shooting at the easiest pop culture targets and liberally adding unnecessary bodily function humor -- it 's as if the filmmakers expected us to lap all their `` hilarious '' antics up.There are talented people in the cast . Surely Alyson Hannigan -LRB- a star of the small screen -RRB- deserves better . But at least she , and the others , are game and throw themselves into the proceedings -- but to little affect . If I wanted to see sketches and skits with no connection , however , I 'd watch SNL or MadTV -LRB- which might actually be more entertaining -RRB- . `` Date Movie '' misadvertises itself in the title -- there is no movie here ! Normally , like I said , I would n't judge an inoffensive bit of nonsense like this so harshly -- but this negative review goes out to all the creative screenwriters who could n't get decent projects greenlit due to this example of filmmaking by committee . KGHarris , 02/07 .
 This by far has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . And damn , I 'm in Iraq . We dont get a chance to buy many movies here , so I thought this would give me a good laugh . HAHA , there is the laugh . The comedy comes with the fact that this is supposed to be funny . Anyway , If I have helped at least on person from buying this putrid , piece of cinematic stupidity , then I have been successful . I would have rated this lower but there is no rating below 1 star .
 There was a time when parody was more insightful . While this type of film has never been known to be subtle , a good parody should know its framework and make humor based on it . A good parody winks at the audience while also reveling in some exagerations.Like fellow reviewers here have said , to simply take the plot from a movie and exagerate it does not equal parody . There is nothing subtle about this film , at all . The only humorous parts of the film are seen in the trailers . The majority of everything else can be skipped.If you 're expecting the so-called `` unrated '' edition to fill in the missing pieces and hope that it makes the film better , be warned . Whenever a PG-13 film becomes unrated , it normally means there were maybe one scene , one instance or so that caused it to touch the R rating and so that one scene , joke , word , or what have you was taken out . Still standing at around 85 minutes , this film wo n't be changed much . And , really , that 's one minute more of your life wasted.Speaking of a waste , I 'd rather waste my time watching the movies emulated here or watch Not Another Teen Movie -LRB- and that 's saying something -RRB- than watch this .
 With most movies , I 'm pretty reasonable . I try to give them a chance . One of my frieds wanted to see it , so my girlfriend and I went with him . After watching this movie , I felt I could have wiped my A #S with my $ 8.75 instead of sitting through this abortion of a movie.I know that spoof movies are supposed to be stupid and funny , but this movie was heavy in stupid , and very light in funny . I 've never heard a theater so quiet in a comedy . I think I only heard chuckles during three parts in the movie . The writers just tried too hard to be funny . The movie might have been better if they had concentrated on a few movies and used acting to make it funny , instead of watching a fake cat taking a crap on a toilet . And even that could have been funny if they had n't made the segment a couple of minutes long.I compare this movie with what a guy from our high school did for a talent show . He thought it would be funny to put on a penguin suit and waddled around to classical music . Maybe funny in premise , but turned out to be the most akward and stupid three minutes I 've watched.Now take that three minutes of stupidity , multiply it by 30 , and you have `` Date Movie . '' The only saving grace of this movie is that it 's short .
 After I saw the first two `` Scary Movies '' I decided too see this movie . I thought the Wayans brothers were the two writers , but I can see that I was wrong . This movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . I could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! I myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . I do n't know why teens like this movie so much.-Ben Russell
 I hate to steal something from someone else 's review , but I ca n't sum up the problem with this movie any better than Eric D. Snider of ErikDSnider.com
 I normally do n't write movie reviews because movies are very subjective but in this case , I 'll make an exception . I had the misfortune of watching this movie , as I 'm a fan of `` dumb comedies '' but this one fails . On every level . Do not waste your time with this one ... TRUST ME ON THIS . It is so bad ; I do n't even know where to begin.Skip it .
 One of the reasons I watched `` Date Movie '' is Alyson Hannigan , star of `` American Pie '' and `` Buffy , the Vampure Slayer . '' And I am a fan of parody movies since the days of masterpieces like `` Airplane ! '' But what I found here is only half-baked jokes , or not even jokes , just references to other better films and of-screen news about celebrities like Michael Jackson and Paris Hilton.I agree with most of the reviewers who found `` Date Movie '' very unfunny . The film contains jokes that are silly , sexual and gross , three major components that are visible in the recent trend of spoofs , but I do n't mind if jokes are silly , sexual and gross . I love them . I watched `` Borat '' which has all of these three , and there are lots of them -LRB- plus politically incorrect jokes -RRB- and I enjoyed the film very much.What is most disappointing about `` Date Movie '' - and the most irritating thing about it - is its laziness . The filmmakers go from one gag to another without developing it . Each joke is not big or clever -LRB- including references to `` Brigit Jones 's Diary , '' Darth Vader , clown dance -LRB- with the soundtrack from `` The Rize , '' etc -RRB- and there is nothing more to that . The film moves on to the next one , trying to find a new target which is not necessarily date movie . Sometimes it does the same joke over and over again . The prolonged `` cat-in-the-bathroom '' joke is unbearable.I almost forgot to mention the star of the film Alyson Hannigan . Sure , she is game , fun to watch , ready to do whatever she has to do -LRB- including embarrassingly unfunny dancing in fat suit and a huge zit -RRB- . And she is sadly wasted .
 I saw this movie in a movie theater with my boyfriend , and by the middle of it , we left . I 've never seen anything so stupid and not funny in the same movie . The humor is pretty bad , and might even be offensive for some people . Do n't they have anything better to do than make fun of other movies that are at least worth to watch ?
 Okay , it 's official , Alyson Hannigan 's career is officially over . Alyson , you need to stick to supporting roles on nerdy sci-fi shows , you 're not nearly talented enough to take on a starring role , that 's blatently obvious after watching Date Movie . If that option is even available after doing this , she 'll probably be some jack-azz 'd host on some lame reality TV show on WB at like 3:30 on Saturday afternoon 's from now on , course she 'd be lucky even to get that . I usually like the `` stupid funny '' parody movies like such greats as `` Airplane '' , `` Naked Gun '' , `` Scary Movie '' -LRB- only the first one , they 've progressively gotten worse with each sequal -RRB- . Date Movie falls absolutely flat on it 's face , the whole movie is one big train wreck , nothing works . These 2 supposed writers from `` Scary Movie '' have absolutely failed & need to not write a script for a movie ever , Ever , EVER again , they obviously do n't know comedy . If you 've seen the trailer for the movie you 've literally seen the funniest bits from the entire movie -LRB- no joke -RRB- . It 's like they just threw stuff in as they were filming , the funniest parts of the movie had nothing to do with spoofs of other movies & mostly seemed accidental . Skip this movie it 's awful from start to finish , plain stupid period nothing funny about it .
 Ok , the only reason I went to see this movie in the first place was because Alyson Hannigan is in it -LRB- I 'm a big Buffy the Vampire Slayer fan -RRB- . And well , it was pretty much what I expected it to be - a pointless stupid crude movie . I 've seen 3 of the Scary Movies , and they are n't any better than date movie . So if you 're a fan of Scary Movie , then you might enjoy this movie . Just take to mind that it is pointless stupid entertainment , and have fun wasting an hour and a half of your life .
 I never thought in my life i would see a movie so bad . It was pointless . I love all the scary movies but now i know that whenever i see a bad part in a scary movie the 2/6 writers probaly made it up !
 I 'm going to keep this review short and sweet . I bought this DVD from Wal-Mart 's bargain bin and I feel cheated out of $ 5 . I tried to watch it twice , the second time skipping through the especially stupid and unfunny parts , and still could not bring myself to finish it . I 've seen just about every parody movie Hollywood has come out with and this one is at the bottom . To quote a great comedy , Date Movie is `` dreadful , embarrassing , terrible , horrifyingly bad , bad , bad ... ''
 Horrible horrible filmEven worse than Superhero Movie . I thinkCould be the worst film I 've ever seen . What is Willow doing in this trash?Yikes !
 i bought this on sale for $ 5.99 a few months ago , i should 've known it was going to be a waste of money since it was so cheap . i did n't even finish watching it . putting it in my pile to goodwill .
 Date Movie with Alyson Hannigan was a ok movie i think that they could have made it funnier then what they say it was ... . Julia James is a fat girl trying to find love and one day while working at her dad 's family restaurant she meets the man of her dreams or what she says her prince ... . She then does herself a complete makeover and falls in love with her man ... . This movie was a cry for help and i think that they could have made it better !!!!!!
 From the makers of Scary Movie comes their version of the romantic comedy , `` Date Movie . '' Alyson Hannigan plays Julia Jones , an overweight and miserable girl looking for love and a way out of working in her parents ' Greek restaurant for the rest of her life . She goes to see Hitch , a vertically-challenged self-proclaimed `` Date Doctor '' -LRB- MD , PhD , DDS and ordained minister -RRB- , to see if he can help her find love . Realizing what an utter mess Julia is , Hitch takes her to West Coast Customs to `` pimp her out . '' Transformed into a bombshell , Julia signs on for the reality television show , `` The Extreme Bachelor
 Let me first say I love Alyson Hannigan . I really wanted to like this movie given this is her first major movie role.But alas , this movie is crap . With the exception of a few chuckles here and there , this is something to watch while you 're websurfing or talking on the phone - giving it your full attention is not only unnecessary but almost painful . The jokes are bad , predictable , and worst of all , not funny.If you have any interest in this movie I strongly recommend you RENT IT first before you spend money on it.I can only hope that Alyson 's next movie is of higher caliber . : -LRB-
 I 'm giving this DVD an extra star only because of the presence of Alyson Hannigan , who is so effortlessly charismatic , funny , and lovely that she almost makes it worth sitting through . Otherwise , this is a movie that suffers from `` Family Guy '' disease ; the writers think that a random reference to another movie or TV show is the same thing as a joke . So they have an actress re-enact the Paris Hilton hamburger commerical ; or stick Hannigan in Uma Thurman 's yellow `` Kill Bill '' track suit and give her a sword to wave around . And then they do n't try to be clever or put a funny spin on these ; they just hope the 13-year-old boys in the audience will recognize the reference and think that 's enough . One hopes that better filmmakers will see Hannigan 's star power and put her in funnier movies , so we can all just forget about this one .
 Date movie seems like a good idea for making fun of all the mainstream Hollywood romantic hits like Bridgette Jone 's Diary , The Wedding Planner , When Harry Met Sally , Pretty Woman and so on ... Do n't let the movie 's poster mislead you to think that the Napoleon Dynamite and Owen Wilson , and JLo characters are the plots of the film . These characters are mere cameos and they simply made fun of their physical behaviors and body parts . No JLo fans would want to see that sort of thing on film . The opening dance number rendered by the over-sized `` Julia Jones '' character is nothing funny and it 's just purely insulting to the Zellwegger movie and overweight people . Very cheessy and cheap scenes like Eddie Griffith 's character rubbing his face against an ultra-hairy man 's chest and the sweat and a big chunk of hair got inside his mouth is supposed to be funny ?! Oh yeah , and they even made fun of Barbara Streisand in Meet the Fockers , and Uma and Daryl from Kill Bill . I actually enjoyed those Scary Movies , but Date Movie written by the same writers and not have the same kind of effect as comedy parodies . It 's been a total no-brainer experience to endure this Date .
 I saw this movie in the theatre and thought it was pretty bad , save for the toilet using cat -LRB- hey , that 's as lowbrow as it gets , but try not to laugh -RRB- . The `` Hitch '' thing was funny initially and I also enjoyed the absurdity of the `` Kill Bill '' spoof and Paris Hilton 's burger commercial . Those three or four moments earn this flick its one star ; everything else is either predictable and unfunny -LRB- or predictably unfunny -RRB- or far worse . The theatre was mostly silent during the whole affair -LRB- I counted two couples who walked out -RRB- . I was often the only one who could be heard laughing and I 'm saying I thought the movie sucked -LRB- I guess I got more of the movie references than the rest of the people there , that 's not to say they were actually all that funny , but I had to find something to laugh at -RRB- . It seemed to get worse , less funny , run out of ideas and get more random and tedious as it went along . The last 15 to 20 minutes is a dreadful hodgepodge of random , lame ideas ; and , while the movie is rather short , I was squirming and checking my watch about halfway through.Maybe this would play better at home and with lowered expectations -LRB- not that mine were all that high ; these movie-spoofs have been pretty week the last few years -RRB- . My theory is these are now being made for a less discriminating and younger audience . As with the new `` Scary Movie , '' er , movie , all the `` this is the funniest movie I 've ever seen '' reviews here at Amazon are coming from a bunch of kids . Now , I 'm not that old myself , but the generation gap between generations X and Y is truly bigger than I ever imagined . If you 're between 10 and 17 this might be for you . Those of us around long enough to see and appreciate truly great spoof movies will think this film verges on sacrilege . Leslie Nielson and the Zuckers would be rolling over in their graves , had they died 5 years ago.Normally I would never say I would consider watching such a lousy movie again , but as always happens I am intrigued when the `` Unrated Version '' is released . Usually DVDs that slap `` Unrated '' across the box actually include very few actual `` unrated '' - worthy scenes . Unless a movie as already rather raunchy , that `` Unrated '' is just used as a marketing tool and you never can tell what is really different about the new version . `` Date Movie '' has a fare amount of lite-raunch , so the potential is there that some heavier stuff was left on the cutting room floor . Until I see a few reviews saying this is indeed the case I 'm not gon na risk it . You may at your own risk , then let me know . C'mon guys , lets see some reviews that compare the two.Till then , rent this version at your own risk .
 Watching this made me feel so bad for the actors . You can tell the actors have a lot of talent but the script is so awful , there was n't much they could do . I love spoof movies but I did n't laugh once at this movie . It was so bad I had to bail out , could n't watch the whole thing . How did Hollywood greenlight this movie ?
 I WAS DUMB , , I WENT OUT AND GOT THIS MOVIE BEFORE SEEING IT AND I REALLY WANT MY $ 12.00 BACK . . STUPID MOVIE , , , SAME DAMN JOKES AGAIN , , IN CLOSING DONT RENT IT DONT BUY IT !
 Comedy is a very delicate art . Timing is essential . If you make a film with a series of parodies and one-liners , if the first five jokes/parodies do n't work , that sets up the viewer to pre-judge the rest of the movie negatively . That is what we have here . During the parody of The Bachelor -LRB- ABC-TV reality show -RRB- where the women are blown away with a shotgun by a bachelor with a satisfied grin , it just made the rest of the politically incorrect and tasteless jokes even more offensive.I actually feel sorry for , and pity , people who love this film . I would bet these people have criminal records .
 I went into Date Movie with my head held high . From the commercials , I noticed that 2 of the 6 writers of Scary Movie wrote/co-wrote this movie . I do n't care if they were deathly ill and writing this movie was their last wish ... it should not have been done . Especially since buying a movie ticket these days is alomst ten dollars , what a rip-off . But anyways , I still went in to the movie with my head held high because of my love for the Scary Movie bunch and what I thought would be a good laugh.Newsbreak , I did n't laugh once . I did n't even smile once . Actually , I take that back , I smiled when it was over . I cringed though , during the spoof of Along Came Polly with the hairball getting entangled into blondies mouth , that was a cringing moment right there , nothing funny about it . I do n't even get why they needed writers for this movie , all it was was a bunch of spoofs put together.The funny thing is , is that they are already spoofing funny movies . It 's sort of hard to do a funny spoof on a funny movie ... it just dos n't work , you just end up reinacting the scene and looking like a dumbass.This movie is a poor excuse to waste film . It 's unfunny , painfully long , and a bit on the `` want to throw up now please '' side of the movie spectrum of Hollywood . Please , please , please , if you read this review , take my advice if you have n't already endured the pain of watching this movie . I give this movie an F rating .
 Bad as bad gets . The film is not funny at all not one bit funny not at all . The film iss o bad you wan na shut it off from the first bad joke to the next . I dont know how I made it through the whole film . The jokes are lame and not funny there so bad your laughing becosue the movie is terrable . Overall one of 2006 worse movies .
 Date Movie has some funny moments . But they are the kind of funny moments where you are almost embarrassed to find yourself laughing at these completely retarded , senseless jokes that should only be funny to those around the age of 10 . The reason that Date Movie really does n't work is the fact that a lot of the movies that it spoofs are already comedies . Therefore , all the funny moments are basically just retreads of the funny parts of actual good comedies released over the past few years . If you wan na know the basic trend of the jokes in Date Movie , go rent your favorite romantic comedy , and imagine all the jokes in that movie if they were blatantly sexualized or made so unimaginably disgusting that even I could barely handle what I was watching . There is no redeeming quality or character to Date Movie . The movie has about 4 or 5 funny moments , and will be completely offensive to most of the people who decide to throw down 7 bucks to see it .
 Years ago , David & Jerry Zucker came on the scene and gave us such classics as Kentucky Fried Movie , Airplane , Top Secret , Scary Movie 3 & Naked Gun . Many have tried and failed miserably to copy their formula . Movies with low concept and many off-the-wall side stories that may or may not have anything to do with that concept . Jokes flying around like a whirlwind . Never knowing what tangent their going to go off on next.In my mind , there has only been one successful duplication of the Zucker comedy niche , possibly 2 . I 'm GON NA GET YOU SUCKA ! and the first 2 SCARY MOVIEs . Both by the Wayans brothers.All of these movies , especially those by the Zucker 's are masters at setup & execution . There 's a method to the madness . There 's a reason for the joke , and the performers are just as surprised as we are.DATE MOVIE on the other hand , is so bad , it 's shocking . How does this movie EVEN GET MADE ? WHO THOUGHT THIS WAS FUNNY ? What Executive read this script and gave this thing the green light anyway!The movie , has LITTLE TO NO EXECUTION whatsoever ! Imitation alone is not funny . Yet that is what you get with DATE MOVIE . One movie imitation after another . No set up . No reason . Just here 's a reference ... and here 's another etc. etc. etc.For example , in a reference to HITCH , little person , Tony Cox takes Julia -LRB- Alyson Hannigan -RRB- to make her over and make her DATEABLE ... so he takes her to a shop chop in a reference to MTV 's PIMP MY RIDE , where they hammer away and when their done , they raise her up in a DARTH VADER suit and a five second shot of Tony is used painted up like YODA . END OF SCENE.This is pretty much how the entire film goes . One lame reference after another . A guy imitates NAPOLEON DYNAMITE . So ? Hobbits pawn the ring and kick a lame looking wizard in the nuts . Michael Jackson is seen in an alley trying to get a young boy to come home with him . Frankly , the real life Michael Jackson is funny enough . A goof ball with a horribly constructed fake nose shows up as the wedding is getting over and yells , `` Hey is there a wedding to crash ? `` Funny huh ? Dear god . Avoid . I wish I did . Instead of renting this trash , re-rent Airplane , Top Secret or I 'm Gon na Get you Sucka ... and for godsakes do n't BUY ! Are you goofy ?
 I recently witnessed this car crash of a movie . I usually like parodys but this movie was boring and unfunny .
 I love satirical movies , spoofs , slapstick , etc. . I love everything that this movie SHOULD have been . The jokes are lame and recycled from other movies . I maybe got 2 good laughs and a few chuckles out of this movie . I never even made it to the end of this movie . I just could n't stand it anymore and I did n't want to waste any more of my time . DO N'T WATCH THIS MOVIE !
 I went to see this but it was not by choice . I went on a `` field trip '' with my co-workers and this was the movie that won the vote.I am all for parodies -LRB- like `` Saturday Night Live '' -RRB- but this movie went overboard . So does all the Scary Movies -LRB- I do n't like these either -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and skip this movie . Get yourself a real `` Date Movie '' .
 If I could have given this movie 0 stars i would have . It was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . I almost got up after 20 min and left to go demand my money back . It was not funny at all . Watching QVC for 80 min will be a better use of your time then going to see this movie . If you really want to see it then rent it when it comes out on DVD because i assure you seeing this movie one time was to many times so buying it on DVD will be a waste of money .
 Acting ------------ 4 out of 10 , Hannigan is cute , but the rest are terrible , specially Eddie GriffinDirecting --------- 1 out of 10 , horrible , no redeeming qualities at allLocation/Scenery -- 3 out of 10Comedy Rating ----- 0 out of 10 , No laughs anywhereQuality ----------- 2 out of 10Violence ----------- Medium , Nothing sick , but sure not funnyBlood/Gore --------- None , Probably would have helpedNudity ------------- Lots implied , none really shownLanguage ----------- High amountOverall ------------ 16 and above should be fine , but I really recommend ANYTHING else but thisTotal Score ----------- 10 out of 50This is the 2nd worst movie of the year so far , the only thing that saved it from a lower score then Bloodrayne is that Alyson Hannigan really tries hard to salvage something , but , unfortunately she ca n't . I really have nothing against crude humour , it works alot of the time , but in this , nothing , and I mean NOTHING works . Why do filmakers think anyone , human or feline , taking a crap is still funny ? It 's ridiculous , we 've all seen it dozens of times before , and while we might haved laughed the first time , we sure as hell are n't anymore !! I loved Napoleon Dynamite , but I think it could definitely be spoofed and spoofed well , but they could n't even get that right . Just skip this everyone , it 's foul , disgusting , boring , and just not funny !!
 I had been over-excited to see this film because , once again , I am a huge fan of spoofs and parodies . Unfortunately , the last few poorly done parody films is beginning to dampen my enthusiasm for the genre.Most people know Alyson Hannigan as Willow from the television show `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' , or as that lovable band geek Michelle from the `` American Pie '' series . I 'm personally a huge fan of Alyson Hannigan , which is part of why I was so disappointed in this film . I really feel she is capable of so much more , although she did make a valiant effort to save a movie that just could n't be saved -LRB- mostly do to poor writing and shoddy directing/editing -RRB- Many movies and shows are spoofed in `` Date Movie '' , among them
 This movie is almost too easy a target , and I do n't want to spend much time on it as the essence of this film has been captured effectively by many , many other reviewers . At heart , `` Date Movie '' is just a bit of silliness -- it has no ambition , no goals other than to showcase its preposterous spoofs . Truth be told , I usually do n't mind silly escapist fun -- as long as a picture knows it 's not very good , you ca n't really hold anything else against it . My issue with `` Date Movie , '' thus , is more complex . Movies like `` Scary Movie '' or `` Airplane ! '' have done a great job skewering other films and pop culture icons -- but the primary difference between those films and `` Date Movie '' is that they frame their spoofs and gags around an actual plot.My irritation with `` Date Movie '' comes from its absolute laziness in not even attempting to tell a story . Heck , it does n't even fake it . No , apparently the sheer delight at seeing someone in a fat suit is supposed to carry us through an entire film . The gags are so random -- and do n't get me wrong , you might chuckle occasionally -- they end up making no sense whatsoever . Have we gotten so jaded that we do n't even expect a rudimentary storyline ? It 's sight gag , after sight gag , after sight gag -- with a sound gag thrown in for variety . And it 's not even as if these jokes are clever . By shooting at the easiest pop culture targets and liberally adding unnecessary bodily function humor -- it 's as if the filmmakers expected us to lap all their `` hilarious '' antics up.There are talented people in the cast . Surely Alyson Hannigan -LRB- a star of the small screen -RRB- deserves better . But at least she , and the others , are game and throw themselves into the proceedings -- but to little affect . If I wanted to see sketches and skits with no connection , however , I 'd watch SNL or MadTV -LRB- which might actually be more entertaining -RRB- . `` Date Movie '' misadvertises itself in the title -- there is no movie here ! Normally , like I said , I would n't judge an inoffensive bit of nonsense like this so harshly -- but this negative review goes out to all the creative screenwriters who could n't get decent projects greenlit due to this example of filmmaking by committee . KGHarris , 02/07 .
 In the same vein as the over-populated ` Scary Movie ' franchise , ` Date Movie ' throws everything -LRB- including the kitchen sink -RRB- at the viewer with reckless abandon . Sadly , there is nothing remotely funny about this film -LRB- unless you find the overly gross interpretation of Robert De Niro 's toilet trained cat halfway hysterical , as I did -RRB- . Instead of delivering solid comic timing and well thought out laughs , ` Date Movie ' just tosses everything it can think of at you . Nothing sticks . There is no focus here , no developed plot ; nothing but a hodgepodge of very unfunny sequences that do n't mesh well at all . This is an incoherent mess .
 This movie was highly dissapointing.I did not have high expectations going into it -LRB- from what friends have told me -RRB- but I really wanted to watch it . It was horrid ! There was way too many spoofs . Yes some were funny -LRB- the only real memorable one was the spoof when she stood over the subway train air vent dancing to cool off -RRB- . All in all this movie was shockingly sad . They could have had a great movie - but alas they did n't . Do your self a favor and do not buy or rent this movie.If it was possible to give something 0 stars i would , but * is the lowest it goes . Date Movie gets that * .
 One of the reasons I like buying on Amazon is because of these reviews . Usually I can get a feeling about a movie by the reviews it receives ... Unfortunately I bought this on sale as a `` Previously Viewed '' before I ever checked out the reviews . The fact that they list on the cover that 2 of the writers worked on Scary Movie naturally made me think this had to be good because all of the Scary Movies have been roll on the floor funny . This movies does have some funny parts to it , but not enough to really want spend much money or time on it.The JayLo bit has been over done for some time before the movie came out so the giagantic rear end bit just comes across as silly nonsense ... As with much of the movie ...
 The movie was funny the first , oh lets say about maybe the first 20-40 minutes . After that the movie is garbage . The humor and mocking was so dis-tasteful and a little offensive . The cat in the bathroom , `` dead mrs.jones '' , the little jokes by the bachellor 's parents , the bizarre family relationships , and the mock-sexual references to sex.I was very surprised at myself when i viewed the film . I hardly laughed and didnt laugh when I needed . Like I said I totally love these not another teen movie , scary movie type films ... but Date Movie is pure garage . The humor is so awful and the mockery sucks tooBottom line
 I saw this movie at the theaters and it was awsome , funny as can be , so when it came out on DVD i bought it . Not quite so funny this time . I do n't think it was so much that I had seen it before as much as it was that with out a crowd laughing alongside of you it 's just not as humourous . It relys hevily on gross out humor and parody of some movies that were n't that great to begin with .
 This is a terrible movie , truly . It can be enjoyable if taken in the same spirit as Ed Wood fare or a Disney movie from the 70 's . I tolerate romantic-comedies as required watching , and I would love to see the genre skewered , drowned , and burned by a comedic genus . This is not the film to do it.A sampling of faults : - Most scenes are far too long and drawn out for the target audience . - A script offering too little material to fill a standard motion picture . - Actors almost perform to an acceptable level , almost . - Unleveled audio mixing ! Even direct to DVD movies -LRB- usually -RRB- have acceptable audio - mixing ! - The genre chosen to parody already relies heavily on parody ; a parody of a parody is unsuccessful when approached on an obvious surface level.Two bonus features of this disk , the unrated DVD edition , are awesome and worth the price of a rental and possible a purchase as they provide a one-off form of entertainment from an unexpected and fresh angle . `` The Quickie '' is the entire feature chopped down to a six minute form that manages to convey both the plot -LRB- such that exists in the feature -RRB- and all of the gags that actually draw laughs . `` The Quickie '' demonstrate that `` Date Movie '' should 've been a segment on Saturday Night Live , Mad TV , or similar television show . Skip the feature , just watch `` The Quickie '' and then move on to the `` Anti-Commentary '' `` The Anti-Commentary '' is a real jewel , a bonus audio track featuring two film editors , one who hated the film , and the other who feels compelled to apologize for writing a review that suggested that some people may enjoy this movie . Neither critic is particularly witty or charming , but they do speak honestly and lucidly for the duration of the film , and I found listening to them enormously entertaining . They do not try to be funny , like the `` critics '' in Mystery Science Theater 3000 , and they do not understand why they were asked to do the commentary or how it will benefit the studio or the filmmaker . Rather , these intelligent and articulate men , without being pompous and while remaining earnest , talk about the movie and the context of the movie , and as an absurdist legal limitation they are forbidden to mention the names of the movies being parodied . `` The Anti-Commentary '' was a brave choice , and I am very thankful that it was included . Similar features should become standard fare .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen in a while . The trailer is pretty hilarious but it 's a film -LRB- and I use the word `` film '' in its broadest sense -RRB- that just does n't work.The concept is very funny -LRB- mock some of the most popular `` Date '' movies of the year
 The film itself is what you would call a POS . Too many parodies that lose sight of the actual story and rely far too much on gross out humor . Only this film is more gross in its obnoxiousness than sight gags . However the one shining point that saves this film is Jennifer Coolidge as the Streisand send-up Jewish mother . The woman could be hilarious as a funeral .
 Date Movie should be shown non-stop to all captured Al Qaeda prisoners - only mass-murdering terrorists deserve the kind of cruel and unusual punishment this film dishes out from start to finish . Let me be perfectly clear about this
 I have to admit the previews showcase this movie really well but unfortunately they did n't deliver . This movie ended up misleading a lot of viewers due to its lack of creativity . Can you imagine the audience 's reaction in the theater watching this film , if you turn your head either left or right you would have been provided more laughs than the actual movie itself.I for one could not decide whether I find it comical or depressing that this film managed to parody movie scenes and make them worse . Truly , the people saying these writers are talented are wrong , it takes true talent to be able to make something like this work . The movie is a complete non squinter too . In one scene , after the family has toasted at the rehearsal wedding dinner table , Lil ' Jon comes in and says , `` What ? Yeeeeeah . Okay . '' and that 's the punch line . Pointless.On the whole , though , 95 % of this movie is just mind-numbingly bad . And not just because it has a lot of toilet humor and fat person jokes . The worst parts of the movie are the ones that are not only devoid of humor , but they just flat out are so stupid they do n't make sense . I 've never had an experience where I 've sat through an hour and a half film and felt like I was watching a bunch of two minute clips of stupidity that had almost nothing to do with each other . `` Date Movie '' was all over the place and clearly done a mess on itself . But I tell you what I scored pretty high on naming all the spoofs . Honestly stick with the movies that know what there doing , you know who they are .
 Date Movie is a disgusting and witless parody of romantic comedies that tries to be funny because it makes fun of movies such as MEET THE FOCKERS , WHEN HARRY MET SALLY and such . But it turns out flat.STORY
 I wish I could have given this movie less than one star . It sucked . I only could stomach 20 minuits of the movie before I walked out of the movie theatre.I had wanted to see it because of Allyson Hannigan because I liked her from How I Met Your Mother . However the characters were just weird and the parady from Meet the Parents with the cat using the bathroom bordered on just plane discusting .
 This movie was so bad that i cried because i had wasted some of my hard earned money too see it . To anyone over the age of 13 this movie probably wont be funny . I didnt laugh once during the whole movie . I found some of the jokes very gross -LRB- the cat on the toilet -RRB- and thought they were over done . Fine parody Meet the Focker by having a cat that can use the toilet but do we need to watch this cat using the toilet for what seemed like a whole minute . It just went on and on . If i could have given this movie 0 stars i would have . The best thing about this movie is that its short , usually i hate short movies but with this one i was very happy that it was over . If you really want to see it then rent it because your not going to want to watch it more then once .
 This has got to be the worst film I have ever seen , and I have seen some pretty bad ones . Parody 's like `` Scary movie '' and `` Not another teen movie '' look like Oscar winning Shakespeare films next to this disaster . Ever since I first saw her on BTVS I have always been a big Alyson Hannigan fan , it is rare to see an actress that can handle both sensitive dramatic scenes AND have a great sense of comic timing , neither of which are evident here , I really would like to see her mix in a few more dramatic roles like she did in `` Beyond the city limits '' -LRB- A Very underrated film !!! -RRB- but one more horrible disaster like this and the great career boost she got from doing BTVS and the American Pie films will have gone right down the tubes . What was her agent thinking even showing her this project ??? Will some director PLEASE save Alyson Hannigan and offer her a great dramatic role to save her career !
 Like the previous one star post stated , you ca n't spoof comedy . I watched the first 30 min of this movie , and for that I am sorry . I apologoze to myself for wasting 30 mins of my life that I can not get back . It 's gone.From what I did see , was 30 min of continual parody 's , so much so , that I really had no idea that there was actually a plot . And to see Fred Willard in this made me sad.Bottem line , do n't waste your time .
 Date Movie stars Alyson Hannigan -LRB- American Pie , Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- as Julia Jones who is overweight at first but then she wants to change her image so she goes to Hitch the date doctor , played by Tony Cox -LRB- Me , Myself & Irene , Bad Santa -RRB- and he `` pimps '' her out and changes her into a vuluptous being and Adam Campbell falls in love with her and they get together , plan to get married but Adam Campbell 's friend Andy , played by Sophie Monk who cant act worth s ** t comes back to ruin the wedding . Spoofs movies like Meet The Fockers , Meet The Parents , Lord Of The Rings , King Kong , Wedding Crashers , Napoleon Dynamite , Kill Bill , Bridget Jones , Wedding Planner and so forth ... who cares ?!!! 2 writers of the Scary Movies wrote this piece of crap ? Appaently they dont have any intelligence at all . The scenes where we are supposed to laugh left me yawning for the doors but I stayed throughout and I cheered when it ended . Go see Dave Chappelle 's Black Party , I recommend you see that then this ... at least it was funny and watchable . This just wasted the talents of a lot of actors that I like . Also starring Eddie Griffin -LRB- Double Take , The New Guy -RRB- , Jennifer Coolidge -LRB- Legally Blonde , Best In Show -RRB- , Fred Willard -LRB- A Mighty Wind , Idle Hands -RRB- , Judah Friedlander -LRB- American Splendor , Feast -RRB- , Marie Matiko , Tom Lenk -LRB- Buffy The Vampire Slayer , Angel -RRB- , Lil Jon and Josh Meyers -LRB- MADTv -RRB- .
 The problem with this film is that it tries way too hard . It does n't let the jokes softly fall but it 's beats the jokes sensless and ruins what could have been funny . Not to mention what other reviewers have already mentioned but this film tries to make funny what has already been proven to be funny . I do want to point out though that this has worked in the past . `` NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE '' spoofed all the teen comedies and it worked because it made fun of the heart and morale of teen comedies , thus pointing at the emotional core and making you laugh at it . It was hilarious and much much better than this mess . That and the fact that the acting is awful and the jokes are over done and rediculous . The fatsuit part was funny , but the `` pimp your ride '' spoof was so retarded I almost walked out , and that was only 5 minutes into the movie . The only funny scene to me involved the spoof on Meet the Parents house cat Jinxy , but even that was over the top and only funny to those with sick minds . I suggest you skip this movie because it will only dissapoint . Rent the films this movie spoofs ... they are actually funny and worth the money to rent them .
 Why waste a perfect 2 minutes typing a review on how terrible this flick was ... Trust me JUST TRUST ME!Date Movie was boring .
 I am quite glad I did not buy this movie . The jokes are just stupid , I did n't laugh a single time during the first 30 minutes . Do n't ask me about the rest of the film , to prevent permament brain damage I had to abort after half an hour.I quickly went though the rest of the film looking for some nudity , but nothing there to see . If you want to see more of Sophie Monk , `` Sex and Death 101 '' should do the trick ... Conclusion
 A good laugh , but only if you have seen a lot of `` date movies '' - which is the only true way to see the humor in this movie . I was surprised that they dug back as far as they did - I expected it would be just current `` date '' movies . Went back to Pretty Woman and even Say Anything ! Definitely a rental - wait for the dvd !
 Very poor taste -- I actually thought it was going to be funny . Instead , it was degrading and very stupid .
 Some movies are terrible and yet still entertaining . B Horror flicks , or 80 's titty comedies , for example . But this is n't even `` So bad , it 's good . '' It 's just bad . Like a sarcastic joke idly spoken in mixed company that backfires horribly , resulting in an embarrassment that haunts the joker to his grave.The producers of these spoofs are trying to cram so many pop culture references as they can into their films that they overlook the importance of telling a story . The further a joke diverts from the subject matter , the funnier it has to be out of context . And these jokes do n't even stand up on their own . They are nothing more than references to other works , containing none of the irony upon which humor relies.If your idea of funny is one `` Hey , remember this other film ? '' after another ad infinitum , I 'm sure you 'll have plenty to laugh about while wasting your time not doing something that might educate you to the point that you would rightfully find this material not only unfunny , but a regretfully irreversible waste of resources that only serves to demean the film industry as a whole .
 This movie is almost too easy a target , and I do n't want to spend much time on it as the essence of this film has been captured effectively by many , many other reviewers . At heart , `` Date Movie '' is just a bit of silliness -- it has no ambition , no goals other than to showcase its preposterous spoofs . Truth be told , I usually do n't mind silly escapist fun -- as long as a picture knows it 's not very good , you ca n't really hold anything else against it . My issue with `` Date Movie , '' thus , is more complex . Movies like `` Scary Movie '' or `` Airplane ! '' have done a great job skewering other films and pop culture icons -- but the primary difference between those films and `` Date Movie '' is that they frame their spoofs and gags around an actual plot.My irritation with `` Date Movie '' comes from its absolute laziness in not even attempting to tell a story . Heck , it does n't even fake it . No , apparently the sheer delight at seeing someone in a fat suit is supposed to carry us through an entire film . The gags are so random -- and do n't get me wrong , you might chuckle occasionally -- they end up making no sense whatsoever . Have we gotten so jaded that we do n't even expect a rudimentary storyline ? It 's sight gag , after sight gag , after sight gag -- with a sound gag thrown in for variety . And it 's not even as if these jokes are clever . By shooting at the easiest pop culture targets and liberally adding unnecessary bodily function humor -- it 's as if the filmmakers expected us to lap all their `` hilarious '' antics up.There are talented people in the cast . Surely Alyson Hannigan -LRB- a star of the small screen -RRB- deserves better . But at least she , and the others , are game and throw themselves into the proceedings -- but to little affect . If I wanted to see sketches and skits with no connection , however , I 'd watch SNL or MadTV -LRB- which might actually be more entertaining -RRB- . `` Date Movie '' misadvertises itself in the title -- there is no movie here ! Normally , like I said , I would n't judge an inoffensive bit of nonsense like this so harshly -- but this negative review goes out to all the creative screenwriters who could n't get decent projects greenlit due to this example of filmmaking by committee . KGHarris , 02/07 .
 1 . ALYSON HANNIGAN . She 's very attractive , and I do n't see enough redheaded ladies in films . Plus , she does n't look that bad in a fat suit .2 . GRANT -LRB- Adam Campbell -RRB- USING A SHOTGUN ON THE CONTESTANTS IN `` THE BACHELOR '' PARODY . It 's amusing just because I like to imagine myself using the shotgun on Friedberg & Seltzer , and unlike this bloodless sketch , it would be graphic .3 . THE LITTLE BOY LEARNING PIMP SIGN LANGUAGE . It happened on the `` Meet The Parents '' parody . The kid was cute when he learned the gestures of keeping his pimp hand strong and to shiv on the kidneys .4 . THE ` ANTI ' - COMMENTARY . Yea , that 's all the in-movie good stuff I could think of , but the DVD extras are certainly worth the purchase . This commentary has two critics , Scott Foundas and Bob Strauss , discussing the awfulness of this film . I only heard bits and pieces of track whenever there 's nothing going on in the movie -LRB- which is 60 % of the time -RRB- , and it was quite illuminating . They talked about how the directors are being too accepting with their parodies , or inconsistent gags , and the massive padding this film fluffed to reach the minimum feature-length duration . Certainly worth listening for those who liked to know why this film 's bad .5 . THE LAUGH TRACK . Another cool DVD extra that I heard bits and pieces of . It did n't make the film funnier -LRB- or just funny in general -RRB- , but I think this audio track goes into the mindset of the directors . Hearing giggles and ` awws ' during pivotal stupid moments made me realize just how disturbing the directors are.With `` Epic Movie '' -LRB- urgh ! -RRB- and this movie , I come to understand a little more about a common preset for the -LSB- blank -RSB- Movie franchise
 This is a movie about a big girl who gets ` made over ' and becomes thin , finds love and lives happily ever after . It 's a spoof on romantic comedies , sort of like `` Scary Movie '' is a spoof on horror movies but this was not nearly as funny . I did n't like this movie . It tried hard to be funny but it was n't . It was just a yawner ! It relied on cheap , stereotypical and often sexist jokes and tired parodies which will be forgotten in a few years and be even less funny . I was n't deeply offended by this movie but I disliked the way it objectified women -LRB- i.e. showing a fat girl going to a body shop like a car to get made skinny and the super hot ex-girlfriend who looks and acts slutty and the boyfriend who thinks it 's appropriate to have his ex hang all over him -RRB- I am fine with sex and nudity in movies but I did n't like the message behind this film . It was mindless and painful to watch and made me uncomfortable . I happen to be young and thin and generally have a good sense of humor about sexist jokes but something about this movie just left me with a yucky feeling ! I feel like this movie insulted my intelligence . There are plenty of things in this world which make young women feel bad about the way they look and it 's generally not a quality I look for in a so-called comedy ! This is funny if you are male and under the age of 16 and even then , this movie might be a bit overboard !
 Date Movie is from two of the six writers of Scary Movie , apparently they chose the two worst because the movie fails to generate laughter . A few chuckles here and there but that 's all.Date Movie is a spoof of romantic comedies . Simply that idea sounds good right ? The writers had alot to work with , but they failed miserably . Alyson Hannigan plays the main character , Julia Jones . Personally , not a big fan of her comedy . Now , Eddie Griffin , Jennifer Coolidge and Fred Willard can be quite hilarious but none of that is portrayed in this flop.This might be enjoyed by some , but only a few . For me , a big comedy fan , it was pretty bad in general.I actually watched it at the theaters and , my friends , it was the biggest waste of ten dollars in my life ! It is now out on dvd and someone will have to pay me to watch it again ... Ok maybe not pay me but at least pay for the movie.One measly star *
 This movie is so horribly bad that I recommend mature adults rent it just to see how bad it is . My wife and I walked out on this movie after 20 excruciating minutes of stupid , senseless , parodies . At least there was a loose plot to Another Teen Movie and the first three Scary Movies , but not this one . Most of the kids in attendance were teens and preteens , which was not good because of the terribly insensitive scenes like the dating couple beating the heck out of a street bum , or the male date inexplicably faking a female orgasm for no particular reason other than to make you think they might be making fun of When Harry Met Sally.Only trouble is that these gags hit zero on the humor meter . Do not waste your money on this trash other than renting it for sheer morbid curiosity .
 I have to agree with the masses . This movie is a total bore . The repetitive spoofs back to back to back are oh so annoying . My attention drifted away from this garbage and I startd surfing the net.Not only were the jokes bad but they were gross and unpleasant and demeaning . Even Allsion Harrigan as a thin person was not too pleasing to view on the screen . And the scene where the couple roll a drunk like its the thing to do is so mean spirited.Avoid at all costs . The people have properly spoken .
 Perhaps the worst mainstream , major studio release in the history of American movies . If it was 100 times better it might reach the `` so-bad-it 's - funny '' level , but it is far worse than that . Too bad - Alyson Hannigan is hot and the reason I watched this . If she had performed the entire movie nude it still would n't be worth watching .
 Date Movie ? More like a horrible blind-date movie . Instead of buying this movie , go buy all of the movies that this one spoofed . Because this movie is just incredibly dumb ... -LRB- I was trying to think of a better word for it , but there is none -RRB- TRUST ME , if you are a fan of movies at all ... do n't watch this one , because it will turn you off of others for a while .
 ... just to erase this movie from my mind ! When it came in the mail today via online renting , I called up a friend to see if he wanted to come watch it with my wife and I . He said , `` I hate that movie more than words can express . '' Ewkay . So we watched it anyway and OH MY GOD was it horrible!I figured it to be a Hot Shots/Top Secret/Airplane kind of movie and I love Alyson Hannigan , so I thought we 'd have a good time with it . Did I mention it was horrible ? The sight gags were extremely corny and predictable because there was n't much imagination put into it -LRB- they should n't rely COMPLETELY on other movies to get their comedy . Come on , think up something ! -RRB- . Also , the jokes that might have otherwise worked were too long , to the point where you 're sick of it before you get a chance to laugh . For instance , when the guy opens the bathroom door and sees the cat pooping loudly in the toilet ... at first it 's funny , but after watching it do that for about a minute , it 's just stupid.Alyson 's acting was as good as she could have done with this garbage , but one person ca n't save a movie . I just feel sorry for her , having such a huge dud on her resume.Avoid this at all costs . Do n't buy it , do n't even rent it unless you want to kick yourself later .
 ** 1/2 `` 16 Blocks '' features an aging Bruce Willis as a broken-down , burned out NYPD detective assigned to transport the key witness in a police corruption trial from his jail cell to the courthouse where he is scheduled to testify 16 blocks away . However , something goes terribly awry when the cops who are the targets of his testimony attempt to knock off the witness , forcing Willis and his charge to run for their lives through the crowded streets and deserted back alleys of downtown Manhattan . `` 16 Blocks '' deserves points for at least attempting to provide a bit more in the way of characterization and theme than we are used to in run-of-the-mill police procedurals , but the film winds up falling flat despite the best of intentions and some first rate performances by Willis and Mos Def as the man whose life Willis feels compelled to protect . For even though the low-keyed approach writer Richard Wenk and director Richard Donner have taken towards the material should have made this a more believable and realistic film than most in its genre , the filmmakers keep undercutting that truth by having the two fleeing gentlemen go through so many hairbreadth escapes that we begin to think that not only are these NYPD officers corrupt but amazingly incompetent as well . Moreover , the schmaltzy , humanity-of-man ending , with its theme of mutually achieved salvation and redemption , comes across as a contrived piece of sentimental uplift that never rings true or convincing.What 's good about the movie is its occasionally witty one liners and the performances by the actors in the two lead roles . Willis , craggy-faced , gimpy and sporting a noticeable middle-age spread , is subtle and subdued in the role of a man who has grown apathetic and cynical over the years , and Mos Def makes a very compelling character out of Eddie Bunker , the criminal-with-a-heart-of-gold who never stops talking , but whose deadpan , singsong delivery endears him to the audience . The actors alone compensate for the underdeveloped script and the overall sense of ennui that permeates the film .
 Except Eastwood 's take was waaaaaay better.However , I watched this in the hotel room while on a business trip , so as a time-killer it was okay.A few good moments . Willis was n't as smirky as usual ... that was good.Mos Def was irritatingly whiny ; this guy 's a rap star ?!? Eh ; two-and-a-half stars . It could have been worse , I guess . Or I could have had appendicitis on my trip .
 Do n't get me wrong , I have always enjoyed Bruce Willis ' movies but 16 Blocks has got to be one of the most boring , mindless movies I have ever watched in a long time . I purchased this Blu-ray because I was expecting a decent movie . But , sheesh , this is one of the worst movies I have ever purchased . Mos Def kept talking on and on so much that he simply got on my last nerve.Richard Donner is an amazing director but he should have stayed away from this particular movie .
 There is no suspense , no excitement in this movie.Bruce Willis 's acting is Okay . I have seen this kind of plot many times.The action scenes are not exciting as they should be .
 Bruce Willis unfortunatley wastes his talents on 16 BLOCKS.Basically this movie is a rehash of Clint Eastwood 's far superior THE GAUNTLET.Most annoying in this film is Def 's character who speaks with such an exaggerated NASAL tone to his voice that you wish he would get shot just so you can stop listening to him and have the film end quicker .
 This `` project '' answers the nagging question
 Is it just me or were you thinking about Damon Wayons Homeless Guy from the T.V. show In Living Color , every time Mos Def opened his mouth . Man was that ANNOYING , or what . Shallow people who like cop movies will dig this one . This is way to played out for me ... a crooked cop out to whack a guy before he testifies . How cliche .
 This movie really sucked . Bruce plays the role of yet another down on his luck hard drinking cop . This has been done one to many times in Hollywood . I found this slow and boreing , had to fast forward some of it . Not even a rental . you are warned.Philip .
 it could n't ne so awful ... yet it was good !!! i 'm confused about whether i liked it or not !! but i 'm already sick this movies !!! there are no twists ! there 's no suspense , no chills , nothing at all !! got busted !!
 If your into an endless chase movie without any real plot or substance than this movie is for you . The movie runs forever without any fluidity to the storyline . Bruce willies , an over the hill detective , is forced to chose whether his going to line up with his old squad and eliminate a witness that is about to bring a lot of `` good guys '' from Willis 's old squad or whether he is going to do the right thing and bring the witness to court so he can testify against the corrupted cops . Well the choice is obvious and from there the never-ending chase begins . Overall just a terrible movie . Do n't waste 2 hours of your life on this one . Edan Aharony .
 Mos Def -LRB- I think his name is -RRB- had the most annoying voice throughout the whole movie . I wish he would shut up about his stupid cake shop already . If people were trying to kill me I would n't keep blabbing about the most senseless things on and on and on . People are coming to kill me , why do n't I talk really loud so they can find me . Was he mentally challenged or what ? I was able to watch the whole movie as the two main characters were fun to make fun of ;-RRB- Enjoy talking like Eddie -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- for hours after you 've seen it to amuse your friends .
 Unsurprisingly some of those 5 star reviews for this movie are from one shot reviews , who apparently joined just to bump up with star rating for this movie.But do n't be fooled . This movie is more horrible than a dog with Aids giving birth to a puppy with cancer . Oh , believe me.Now the reason this movie appeared on your radar is probably the same reason it appeared on mine , someone you like from something else is in it , be it Kristen Bell or Michael Pena or that one guy from American Pie who isnt as successful as the other 3 ... . well thats really it . Everyone else you 've never seen before and probably wo n't again . With the exception of that kind of frumpy chick from Heroes who demanded more money so they killed her character off.I personally checked the movie out because Kristen Bell is in it . Kristen Bell is a great actress , a great actress who needs to fire her movie agent . With the exception of Forgetting Sarah Marshall or Reefer Madness , her movies in general have been stinkers . But regardless of that I own most , if not all , of them . Because of her I own not only a Hallmark movie , but a Lifetime movie as well . However owning 50 pills would be infinitely more embarrassing than owning any movie from a chick network regardless of content.This movie is like Go , if Go had both its legs broken and skull caved in . Not only slow , so slow in fact I suspect Stephen Hawking could type out the screenplay faster than it takes for the movie to go through it , this movie is also Forrest Gump stupid . I wonder who Sally Fields slept with to get it into production?I wo n't mince words , this turdburger belongs in the landfill with all those E.T. Atari cartridges . I have no doubt that everyone involved leaves it off their resume , even those to whom this movie is their only credit . Better to be thought of as a complete novice than being associated with 50 pills . Kristen Bell comes through unscathed , she 's not in the movie much , but for everyone else I would find it easier to forgive them for setting babies on fire than being in this movie.It 's no surprise that the magazine that says this movie is `` laugh out loud funny '' on the cover of the dvd is out of business . And its publisher was busted in a SPAM lawsuit . But , as I suspect , that is the only accolades this movie got it had to use it.Oh , speaking of the cover the whole `` warning you may become addicted to this movie '' thing . Do n't worry , you are about as likely to get addicted to this movie as you are likely to get addicted to killing yourself . It 's an impossibility .
 In all , this is at best a mediocre afternoon TV movie or a straigt to DVD release . How did the film ever win the awards indicated on the cover ? The latter by the way , unlike the flick , looks promising . The film has an innane plot that is banal to the max , pretentious even . The acting is flaky -LRB- yes , even Dee Wallace Stone and Udo Kier -RRB- . There is a russian scientist/doctor who has such an unnatural russian accent , the unwitting may have thought they are watching a monty-python moment , really the segment was a hoot ! Note - this film intends to be serious and gripping , not farsical . The special effects are creature of the black lagoon standard and the overall pace is erratic . Why waste resources and make a film like this ? Actually , the discerning would have gotten a bad vibe right from the start when the credits appeared . No self-respectable fim maker would have approved the cheesy and annoying static effects , CHEAP !
 I bought this movie because I was under the impression it was deserving of two awards . It seems to have been some kind of mistake , however . Now , I 'm stuck with a movie I paid $ 20 for and probably wo n't ever watch again . I do n't know what the hell the people who liked this movie saw , but I saw an uneventful , unimaginative , unimpressive piece of drek that took 90 minutes to come to a conclusion they could have made in a half hour . I understand they had budget constraints , but there 's simply no excuse for acting like this or having monsters that look like giant hairless vampire bats.The plot is a cross between Phenomenon -LRB- the John Travolta movie where he becomes soooo smart he can list animals like nobody 's business -RRB- and an episode of any generic horror serial you can think of -LRB- Goosebumps , Are You Afraid of the Dark , etc. -RRB- In short , you 'll watch the whole movie waiting for something to happen , and it never does . Anyone who thought this movie was either scary or good , has never seen either a scary movie or a good one .
 The family dog is mutilated . The family is in danger so they jump into their truck to escape and it wo n't start . Two horror movie cliches within the first 5 minutes of the movie . I should have just turned it off and saved my time.Alex is a 25 year old whose intellect begins to grow by leaps and bounds . He can read entire books in seconds and remember everything he 's read . He teaches himself to be a chess master in a matter of days . He also sees creatures in his dreams that begin to come to life , murdering people Alex has come into contact with . He goes to friends and doctors searching for answers to what is happening to him.The box made Head Space sound interesting but it was n't . This was 90 turgid minutes of middling acting and bad plotting . The makeup on the creatures was ok . This movie was n't exciting , suspenseful or scary .
 THIS IS A VERY GOOD INDIE HORROR MOVIE . GREAT GORE , ACTING AND A WONDERFUL STORYLINE . THIS IS A GREAT WATCH . THE OVER ALL FEEL TO THE MOVIE LOOKED INDIE BUT HELD A PUNCH WITH MAKE UP AND BLOOD AND VIOLENT CONTENT.THIS STORY STARTS OUT WITH A MOTHER GOING NUTS . TWO CHILDREN ARE THEN PUT INTO FOSTER CARE . YEARS LATER THE YOUNGEST SEEMS TO BE GOING THROUGH AN ORDEAL THAT HE AND THE MEDICAL FIELD DOES NOT UNDERSTAND . HE IS ABLE TO LEARN AND READ BOOKS AND KNOW THINGS THAT HE SHOULD NOT BE ABLE TO . IN SECONDS HE READS A BOOK . HE IS ABLE TO READ MINDS AND SEE IN THE PAST AND ALSO THE FUTURE OF WHAT IS HAPPENING AROUND HIM.HE IS HAUNTED AND CHASED DOWN BY DEMONS IN THE DARKNESS . PEOPLE AROUND HIM START TO DIE , CLAWED AND CHEWED AND DESTROYED BY THE CREATURES ONLY HE CAN SEE . HIS SPIRAL DOWN FALL IS CLOUDING HIS JUDGEMENT OF THINKING STRIGHT AS HIS HEAD SEEMS TO WANT TO EXPLODE.THIS MOVIE ITSELF IS DIRECTED VERY WELL AND THE OVER ALL HORROR FEEL AND WONDERFUL GORE AND BLOOD WORKS IN GREAT CAPTURED DETAIL . THE ONE FLAW I HAVE WITH THIS MOVIE IS THE CREATURE . I THINK WHAT THEY SHOULD HAVE DONE WAS NEVER SHOW YOU IT , BECAUSE THE COSTUME WAS NOT THAT GOOD AND THAT IS WHY I HAD TO TAKE SOME POINTS AWAY FROM IT . I WAS SO HAPPY WITH THIS LITTLE HORROR MOVIE UNTIL THAT MOMENT OF THE REVEAL WHICH LET ME DOWN.THE FIRST HOUR AND 20 MINS WORKED PERFECT , GREAT ACTING , GORE AND STORY BUT THE DOWN FALL TO THIS MOVIE WAS THE LAST 15 MIN 'S WITH THE IMAGE OF THE CREATURE . TAKING THOSE FEW SHOTS OF THE CREATURE OUT I WOULD HAVE GIVEN THIS MOVIE A 7 OUT OF 10 BUT BECAUSE OF THAT MAJOR LET DOWN I HAD TO RATE IT FARE.GREAT MOVIE AND GREAT STORY BUT FAILED IN THE END TO HOLD IT TOGETHER .5 OUT OF 10
 Do not rent , buy , or watch this film . It is one of the worst horror films I have seen this year .
 The previous 5 episodes are well worth watching . This one is not . The plot is pointlessly offensive . It lacks delicacy and nuance . It goes out of it 's way to engage in silly stereotypes that are so unrealistic they damage the credibility of the characters.As if that were n't bad enough , there 's a bunch of badly edited scenes out in the woods centered around a tripwire that make no sense from any point of view . For example , are the writers so ignorant that they actually think freezers run on LN2 ? And then everyone runs around getting pretend-shot-at like a bunch of LARPers . Then the scene that made me stop watching
 Sadly , I can not give it a zero . Giving it one star is one star far , far too many.I marvel that people actually watch this on a regular basis , and the fact that people are spending money for the first season is hilarious.I would never admit watching this show on a regular basis , yet to spend money on it ? Impossible . Maybe this is a spoof . It can not have people that really want to spend money on it . Can it?The preposterous overall idea is even worse -- somehow , which says a great deal -- than the idiotic plots of the episodes I struggled through.If you have not watched it on TV then save yourself the money . It is simply terrible.Or , if you do want to spend money go buy paint . Find a wall to paint . Watch the paint dry . Watching the paint dry is much less boring than Breakout Kings.If this is n't the silliest program on TV , it is certainly in the Top-5 . People really buy this ? Wow , that is as rational as going into a wilderness to prepare for December 21 , 2012 . No . I am wrong.It is much , much more rational to spend money on a theory based on a Mayan calender that you do n't have a chance to understand than it is to spend it on Breakout Kings.Go build you underground shelters so you can take Breakout Kings with you when the World As We Know It Ends .
 What a rip offthe price is high the quality is lowI am not talking Rob LoweI am talking a bunch of films that stinkI would rather throw them in the drinkthen waste the overpriced asking of this setI do n't even think I will donate it for the wagons headed for TibetJust buy them individually it will cost lessof course the zombies professit is so good!Yeah , overpriced collection
 I purchased this video after seeing it recommended by the random acts of kindness website . I planned to show it to 8th grade students . The length of the video and its incredible detail made it impossible to show to students of this age who are n't history buffs already . I was able to use a few of the chapters as backup to a description of what was happening at that time . I would not recommend this for anyone below a 10th grade level .
 I bought 3 of these to give out at our family reunion , give folks out east a taste of ` back home ' . Not only were the movies tacky and tourist-driven -LRB- i.e. did n't give a feeling of the town at all -RRB- but production values were HORRIBLE . Entire film seemed an amateur affair . Will not be making the mistake of buying from this line ever again .
 I really wanted to like this , but there are just too many faults . The video looks very much like something someone would make as a high school project . The script has some jarring grammatical errors and the narration does n't match up with the scenes much of the time -LRB- e.g. talking about wildlife while showing video of cows -RRB- . Plus , the same shots are shown over and over -LRB- deer , ducks , etc. -RRB- . All that being said , if you want a video about Ashland this is the one to get since I do n't think there are any others . It 's a beautiful town that needs a professional video that does it justice .
 I 'm a huge fan of CART racing , and eagerly anticipated this movie , and was extremily disappointed when I attended the premier . Not only was the story terribly weak , but the racing scenes were unrealistic and unbelievable . When I think of the great things that could have been done to show the true nature of this great sport , I 'm extremly dismayed by Harlin and Stallone 's poor attempt . I would have to guess that neither of them understand or are fans of auto racing .
 I saw this film a few weeks ago , and have to say , to anyone who knows anything about F1 racing it will be a sore dissapointment . The sight of the two cars racing through the streets at top speed , without a care in the world would make you cry . They expect us to believe that a car with an inch of clearence below its chassis could go at that speed on commercial roads ... But allowing for that the film was just rubbish , a vehicle for Sly to show off himself again , and for Burt Reynolds to stick his head in ...
 Quite possibly the worst movie I have seen this year . It really was that bad . Lacking any character development , I felt no emotion towards any of the characters and considered turning it off half way through . This movie is a piece of garbage . It 's got Sylvester Stallone in it and its out on dvd and it 's a piece of garbage .
 I 'm a die-hard stallone fan . Really . I thought the man was great . After the things I 've seen from him the past year I feel forced to go see his movies . That 's because they are rather horrible . This one has to be the worst . I could barely make it through this `` film '' The script is brutal , the direction is choppy , and the acting just blows in general . Gina Gershon is wasted , Burt Reynolds is a joke , Estella Warren is just there for eye candy , and everyone else involved should do they 're best to keep this off their resume
 In his recently , -LRB- and miraculously -RRB- published book entitled `` Sly Moves '' , Sylvestor Stalone talks about what is needed to acheive one 's dream , what he did to acheive his , what he eats , and how he does sit ups ... everything the 9 people in this country who admire him need to know to understand what makes him tick , and how he came to be what he is.One thing he leaves out , however , is which minor demon he sold his soul to , in order to maintain enough influence in Hollywood to continue having movies he write and stars in produced ... movies , such as Driven , which include Sly 's own screenplay , in which his imagination brought such lines to the screen as , `` What am I ? A piece of wood ? `` and ... `` I was raised by frogs . Ribbit . Ribbit . `` These two examples being the best lines in the entire film , I will not mention any more of them . . they only get worse.Driven is a film Sly obviously wrote a while back ... called Rocky . Being the master of the cut and paste technique that is the mish mash of Hollywood tripe that some attempt to call movies , Stalline has simply transposed that story into the world of racing ... at least his version of it.The story goes he wanted to set this movie in the world of formula one racing , but the wise folks there said `` no way '' , thereby making history as those who dodged the biggest bullet in the history of humankind.It then became necessary for Sly to base his `` rookie with a lack of confidence , until he meets the old mentor who challenges him '' story on a racing world more suited with the level of reality depicted in same . The ideal choice would have been the land of Mario Kart , on the Nintendo 64 . But they too said that his planned stunts and dialogue were just a bit too fanciful ... so he settled on the now defunct world of CART racing.Not that it matters , as in addition his script of any semblence of plot , dramatic tension , dialogue , symbolism , social significance , or remotley adequate editing , Stallone has also gotten rid of any need to include such concepts as gravity and the space-time continuem in his movie.Yes , the movie is so abysmal that even the fundmental laws of nature that hold the actual universe itself together are neglected , as race cars running at two hundred miles an hour plus are lightly tipped by another car , only to instantly sail into a wall , flip over said wall , and gather enough momentum , ex nihlio to sammersalt aproximatley 1400 feet into the air , and then slow down while descending back towards the race track , where all of the rest of the cars , and the crowd continue to respond to the action in regular time as we know it in this dimension.Moving ever downward , our driver floats ever so close to another car , -LRB- which by this time has inexplicably traveled around the track at least once while the victim was still in the air -RRB- , and eventually is nudged in mid air by said car . The car on the ground continues , at normal speed to drive down the track , while our hero of this , the most assinine car related sequence ever filmed once again flies up into the air another several hundred feet , bursts into flames , soars out of the stadium , catching nearby trees on fire , before landing , face down in a nearby lake ... while leaking fuel of course ... leading us to theoretically fear that he will drown , or the whole lake will burst into flames , and ignite the nearby daycare center ablaze . -LRB- Only ONE of these ridiculous actions was made up by me . Watch the movie , if you dare , to find out which one . -RRB- The resolution of this scene is even stupider than that , and this was the best part of the entire hackneyed , uninspired , bloated , pretentious and obviously supernaturally conceived drek.Even the T&A ; in this film is not done correctly ... as our hero speeds down the streets of Chicago in a RACE car , it blows up the skirt of an unsuspecting 20 something hottie on the street , revealing her hindquarters covered not in a firey red thong , but the largest , thickest , whitest set of granny panties the world has ever known . Only a movie connected with Sly Stallone would attempt gratutious T&A ; , -LRB- and I do mean gratuitous -RRB- and forget to include the `` A '' . Even worse is Sly 's commentary track for the deleted scenes , in which he sounds convinced that he has in fact written one of the most profound and history changing screenplays since Citizen Kane ... meadering endlessly on about motivations , plot devices , back story and character development that is not so much as even hinted at in the action of this so called `` film '' . Stallone is a pompous , self congratulatory , has-been hack of a loser who should , for the sake of our children , be granted no more studio money to fund so much as a Kleenex commericial to which his name as a screen writer or actor is attached.The single worst film in the absurdly long and sadly ever expanding repetoire of this , America 's single worst actor/producer/screenwriter , fitness guru . Someone knock this clown out , please .
 this one blew the racing movies off the map and into the spiraling abyss that falls forever . no good direction with its cheesy special effects , including when the rain hits the windows of the racecars , LAME AS HELLLLL !!!!! Stallone , Reynolds , PArdue , Schwieger , Warren , Sean Leonard , DeLAFuente and Gershon -LRB- who looks like she was working on the streets , literally -RRB- are totally and utterly boring . I had no fun , even if they raced sports cars around the city . race after yawn after yawn . the part where Stallone , Schwieger and Pardue help DeLAFuente after his car crashed I wanted them all to just burn in the fires . dont waste a breathe
 With Sylvester Stallone and Renny Harlin behind the wheel , you would expect `` Driven '' to be more entertaining than it actually is . The deleted scenes on the DVD give you a taste of what might have been . A `` director 's cut '' is definitely in order .
 The title says it all . I own almost all the famous racing movies , and even admit to liking Le Mans , but draw the line at race scenes obviously filmed at a walking pace , moronic movie stars driving CART cars through city streets , and Grand Prix races run on a track no wider than my driveway . Watch comic book characters doing incredible things ! I use the term incredible advisedly - the whole thing is simply not credible .
 absolutly foolish ... anyone who loves racing will hate this movie ... brought to you by the same man who had you believing all you needed to win a boxing championship was a good roundhouse ... now has you believing all you have to do to win a race is step on the gas ... why did n't the other drivers think of that ?? If you buy this you deserve it . .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . An incredibly STUPID story , so implausable that it is insulting to the viewer . The race scenes are simply ridiculous . Memo 's big crash seen is the most hoaky thing I have ever seen , Bly makes a 180 comes back jumps out of the car and into the pond to save , PLEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSEEEEEEE !!!! HOW STUPID !!! Too bad the producers and writers of this movie have never seen a CART , IRL or Formula 1 race before . This movie is so insulting to race fans because it is so STUPID !! If I could give this movie zero stars I would it is so bad .
 When one considers that in the last ten years Harlin and Stallone have either directed/acted in such films as Judge Dredd , Daylight , Assassins , Demolition Man , Get Carter , Cutthroat Island , Cliffhanger -LRB- cooperatively -RRB- , and Deep Blue Sea , it 's almost surprising this movie is n't worse than it is . It 's bad , for sure , and if all goes well I will never see it again in my life , but I 've seen worse.But the very fact that I 've seen worse did nothing to negate the way I felt after watching this film . And on that note I will attempt to review the film . Instead of creating an organized , developed review , I will simply cover some points I thought about as I watched the movie.Although I know little about racing , I do know that you do n't have to win every race of the season to be considered an excellent driver . In the film it seems that every time the rookie Bly fails to finish first in a race it 's like he 's really blown it for himself . And I do realize that Reynold 's character is obsessed with winning , but seriously , even a second place season finish for a rookie in a major racing league would be a significant accomplishment . And like I 've said already , I do n't know much about racing , but I do know that Formula 1 cars have steering wheel mounted gear shifters . How Formula 1 differs or is related to CART I do not know , but I would be interested to find out . After all , I would think that a stick shift would provide more of a dramatic effect -LRB- probably has something to do with the fallic undertones -RRB- . Another thing about the movie that annoyed me was how predictable it was . I knew from the moment that Sylvestor 's character met the reporter `` Luke '' that they would get something going between them ... the very instant . Also , you know that one of the main characters is going to be injured or killed , and through the process of elimination it 's not long before one realizes who it 's going to be . Also , even though the racing season is 20 races long , you know that it 's all going to come down to the last race , and in all probability , the very last moments of the last race . The movie does n't fail in following these classic cleches.There were also other problems I had with the movie . The night driving in the race cars through the city streets of `` Chicago '' was a joke , right ? Aside from everything else that was wrong with that segment the one thing I kept thinking about was , `` how can they see to drive with no helmets on '' . I mean , their eyes are going to dry out . The design of the car is probably going to deflect a certain amount of air away from the cockpit , but at near 200mph speeds , you 're probably still going to need some sort of visor protecting your eyes . Also , I had to chuckle at the mid-race rescue of Memo . Talk about some seriously contrived bologna . Not to mention the pragmatic ridiculousness of it all . And as far as the between race drama goes , you could eliminate all of it and still not lose any emotional affect from the film . As for the races themselves ... Harlin relies on choppy editing and pumped up music to convey excitement . The computer effects are n't terrible , but there are many instances when you are very , very aware that it 's cgi your seeing.Ultimately , this film substitutes cleches for character development and plot , has dialogue that is only adequate at its best moments , and rarely fulfills in its capacity as an action film . One thing I will give this film , though , is that it made me laugh out loud pretty hard once ... when Stallone 's character Tanto makes a flying leap to take first positon . I would like to say one final thing , in regards to Stallone . I am simply amazed at how much mileage he 's gotten out of his Rocky and Rambo franchises .
 In lieu of Rocky 6 -LRB- or wherever he last left off -RRB- , Sylvester Stallone takes his `` tried and true '' screenwriting formula and applies it to CART racing . Nothing is gained in the translation . Same old thing
 As a fan of auto racing , particularly CART and F1 , I had been cautiously anticipating the release of this movie on DVD for some time . However , it turns out thatthis movie was more unrealistic than my worst fears had considered . For example , in one seen , the movies two protagonists start their race cars , and go racing around on city streats at top speed . I suppose that Stallone forgot that Indy Cars do not have their own starters , they must be started with an external starter . Nothing about the racing and wrecking is realistic , despite the fact that Sylvester Stallone was seen at several races in the year prior to this movies release.When you combine the unrealistic nature of the movie , with the complete lack of plot , and the poor acting , this movie does n't even deserve a full star .
 When I saw that this movie was being first made I had a small glimmer of hope . A movie about F1 . Then F1 said no way and the movie moved on to CART . My hopes quickly diminished from there.A friend said that this was a good movie . I knew he smoked a lot of pot , but I did n't know he smoked that much.It starts with ridiculous racing footage . There are absolutely no laws of physics that apply to these cars . Suddenly whenever a car wants to catch up with the one in front he magically gets about a 300 shot of nitrous for more horsepower to instantly catch up and then can not pull away.Cars are constantly crashing and bursting into flames . Bright yellow flames , which can not happen at any professional level because methanol burns blue.There are absolutely no safety personnel at any of the tracks , so the drivers have to stop from 200 mph in about 50 feet to save the other driver in danger , nevermind that they would be lucky to stop within 500 feet in real life.That does n't even mention the awful acting . The acting in a typical Godzilla movie is far better.For the sake of your sanity , please stay away .
 If you have ever enjoyed racing , specifically CART/IRL/F1 racing , this film will actually make you laugh out loud and shake your head in wonderment . There are enough holes in this film that it begins to resemble Swiss cheese.Where to start ? The characters are all familiar , as you 've seen them in just about every racing movie -LRB- not to mention any other kind of sporting movie -RRB- ... I 'm guessing Sly was cribbing from the Cliff Notes version of `` Days of Thunder '' . As for the problems with the `` racing footage '' , let 's just touch on a few things that will make you want to tear your hair out.-In one of the opening racing scenes , the `` rookie '' is trying to pass for the lead , and right before he touches tires with another car , the crew chief 's laptop screen -LRB- in the pits -RRB- starts flashing `` WARNING '' ... Leading the crew chief to exclaim `` NOT AGAIN ! '' . I , for one , was unaware that racing car telemetry warned the pit crew that the driver is about to collide with another car . :-RRB- - In just about EVERY racing scene , you will find a driver `` about to pass '' another car , and then a shot in the footbox of the car showing the driver suddenly flooring the throttle ... Like the driver was twaddling around in second place running at part-throttle on a high-speed straightaway . SURE.-Amazingly , only two drivers are winning any races ... The aging current champion and the rookie . Nobody else seems capable of winning , a totally preposterous idea if you know anything about CART.-If you are enough of a fan to tell the difference between various open-wheel racing cars will be endlessly irritated by the switching between real CART cars and the `` stand-in '' cars for the action sequences , which were Indy Lights cars and other mockups , if I am not too much mistaken.-Absurd action sequences involve the oft-mentioned 180-deg turn to go back and save a driver submerged in a pond , the racing through the streets scene -LRB- seen this in Days of Thunder , perhaps ? -RRB- , cars racing UNDERNEATH other airborne cars in crash scenes , etc. . Maddening.-Astonishingly overdone and comically exaggerated crash sequences obviously meant to appeal to the lowest common denominator of audiences.Other problems with the film : - Trite dialogue that should insult anyone with anything more than a room-temperature IQ . `` Brotherhood of Speed '' ? OMG , does it get any worse than THIS ? - The `` One driver steals another driver 's woman '' plotline that goes back to 1966 's `` Grand Prix '' at least , and has obviously been done to death in other sports films ... Not to mention the bitchy ex-wife , though Gina Gershon is aptly cast in this role.-Film editing that will make even a frequent viewer of MTV dizzy . Enough unnecessary cuts to make a music video producer proud.-The dimwitted relationship between `` the rookie '' and the howlingly overdone part of his agent/manager , which of course in THIS film would be his older brother , as well . Not only his brother , but the brother that `` the rookie '' beat into submission when they were both amateur racing drivers . This plot detail alone made me want to drink a gallon of Drano . * sigh * I could go on , but we 're only allowed a thousand words here.The only thing that recommends this film is the presence of some good racing footage , but all the good racing footage is REAL footage of the racing , not the manufactured scenes for the purposes of `` plot '' development . Problem is ... The good racing footage can be seen for free 20 weekends a year on ESPN . Do n't bother paying for this movie ... Though if it 's on a movie channel you already happen to be paying for , it is worth watching if only because it will give you a good laugh .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I felt robbed when I saw it in the theater . Please do not make the same mistake as me .
 Do n't waste your money . Get the following movies ... Le Mans
 Racer takes on a rookie . Wow . We 've never seen that before , have we ? The worst thing about this movie are the race scenes , many of which resemble a video game . I 'd rather watch ABC Sports ' `` To Live and Drive the Indy 500 . '' That 's more realistic AND much more fun .
 This is quite possibly the worst movie i have seen . The storyline is kinda ok , but the scenes are so ridiculous that it makes the movie laughable . Driving F1 cars in the middle of city streets ? cool idea , awful in the story . If all you want to see is good FX and race cars , this is your movie , but if you want a real movie with a storyline , keep walking right past this one .
 When I heard this movie was coming out , in the Theater , I was so excited . I am a huge race fan , and jump at any chance to see race action on the screen . The endorcement by CART was even more of a plus for me . When I finally saw it on the screen , I could not believe it . I had never been more disappointed by a film . The acting was horrible . The special effects were impressive , but unrealistic . The race scenes were even more unrealistic , and the story did not to flow well . I could not find a connection with any of the carachters . They did not spend time developing them at all and there were just brief comments placed in the most awkward places to try and make up for it . The special effects were well made but they needed to do more studying on how the cars would react in the accidents , or how they react in a race in general . The movie need someone who was more educated in racing to help bring things together . It really had a lot of potential but in the end it fell way short .
 First off I want to say that this movie was not all that it was hped up to be . My family has been involved in the racing business for many years now and this movie just stinks . The FXs are okay , but you do not hear of a car flying throught the air at a track crashing in a pond , then exploding , and then having other drivers make a 180 on the track and go back and help . This movie is a waste of your money . Save your money and go buy some beer and have a better time .
 I like car racing ... To my humble point of view , this is one of the very worst film I have seen in my life . Everything is absurd , the actors and the story are like the worst tv soap . The caracters shows the most primary psychology you can imagine . Everything is a laughable exageration . Yes , I had a good time seeing this film just to see the incredible number of absurdities and bad sequence one after another . I THINK THIS FILM HOLDS THE ABSOLUTE WORLD RECORD OF the worst scenario . Hollywood at its very worst . A real satiric comedy .
 Somebody recommended this wonderful piece of tripe to me as a good movie , and now I wish them bodily harm . The special effects were pretty good , but they do n't save the outrageousness of the acts being commited in the movie . Add that to the lousy acting by just about everbody in the film , and you have a bonified loser of a movie . I wish I could give this movie negative stars.After watching this wonderful piece of garbage DVD , I watched the deleted scenes . It then made perfect sense to me why Stabone was in charge of the screenplay . He deleted any scene dipicting him as he was originally written , as a bad person . Stabone always has to play the hero . What an ego , somebody should call him and let him know that he 's no longer `` cool '' . Oh wait , was he ever ?
 If you are a real Sylvester Stallone fan and love car racing , you might be able to find some redeeming feature in the movie , but otherwise it might be a good idea to pass it by . Stallone 's character is an over-the-hill race car driver who is called back to his racing team to help groom a talented but inconsistant rookie driver . The writing is pretty bad and does n't give the actors much to work with . It 's difficult to imagine that drivers would stop in the middle of a race to help an injured driver , but that 's what Stallone would have us believe . The story is stilted and predictable , but there are a few interesting race scenes .
 If Mr. Stallone was such a great race fan as he claims to be , he would have taken the time to be sure the technical details of the film were correct , even if he did n't have a story.Point
 I waited a long time for this movie to be released on DVD to be extremely disappointed . From the annoying music to the computer generated crash scenes this movie stinks . I am a very big fan of Stallone but this one left me thinking that I just wasted $ ... . Anybody that thinks this movie portrays realistic racing scenes has obviously never watched a CART or F1 race ! When is the last time you saw a driver throw quarters on the track and pick them up with the rear tires while inducing a skid at 200 + mph?I feel that I could never connect with any of the characters in this movie . If I did start getting interested the music in the background would drown out the dialog.I can not recommend this movie , wish I could !
 I get suckered into thinking racing movies will actually be good each time one comes out ... ` Driven ' got me again ... This movie would have been palatable had ridiculous scenes such as a car leaving the track and exploding through trees and landing upside down in a lake been omitted . And Burt Reynolds forcing Kip Pardue to jump up and down on a broken ankle to prove he 's fit to race ? C'mon Renny and Sly ! give even your slower audience members a bit of creditTo all NON-race fans ... PLEASE do not think that real racing is anything close to what you witnessed here -LRB- hint
 I 'm glad I 'm not the only one who found this movie ridiculously boring and ill-paced . I 'm also glad that Kip Pardue has disappeared from film , since his presence was an ink stain on anything he graced . He is just so dull . This flick does n't do him any favors . Sure , the racing sequences are exciting , but they are all so overdone and glossy that they lose their edge and become preposterous eye-soars . The remainder of the cast is also a mess . Estella Warren makes a pretty bland romantic interest . She 's cute enough , but she 's also ridiculously dull . Sylvester Stallone has never been ` talented ' in this area , and he does n't bring any of the glimmers of promise he mustered out of that overrated 1976 boxing flick . Instead , he grumbles through this film as if he was merely tolerating it . The only shimmer of light comes from a predictably catty Gina Gershon who is always a delight , regardless of the fact that she ca n't seem to play more than one shade of character . In the end , this tiresome bore is far from worth the price of admission . This is easily one of the worst films 2001 had to offer , and that 's saying a lot considering that the year also birthed such travesties as ` Glitter ' , ` Jurassic Park III ' , ` Swordfish ' and ` The One ' .
 This movie is nothing . No wonder it got seven nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards ... Stallone has a respectable history in movie making ... he knows this is a turkey . Harlins also knows . But what they also know is that , no matter the garbage they release , there are people that will buy it and review it very positively !! That 's why ! DRIVEN is so bad , I mean so bad , that you almost laugh sometimes ... By the way , I love car racing , that 's one mroe reason to hate this movie . -LRB- I 'm not talking about the plot , the acting , the dialogues ... it 's useless -RRB-
 I was afraid even before watching this movie that the degree of realism was going to be on a par with Days of Thunder -LRB- cars slamming into each other constantly , wrecked cars winning races , etc -RRB- and it only took a few minutes of viewing for me to realize this movie was far , FAR worse . Aside from the fact that none of the actors could perform their way out of old paper bags , the movie moves at such a rapid pace that it almost makes you dizzy.And now for the degree of realism . I understand that not all car races are electrifying , but I see no reason for there to be a spectacular crash every single race . And I have never in 18 years of watching IndyCar races seen a car go flying off the track and into a water hazard . THAT 'S WHY THE BARRIERS ARE THERE . Also , those IndyCars are aerodynamically designed so that if the track turned upside-down , the cars would stay glued to the course , yet they fly off the ground in this movie like they were made out of tissue paper . And good lord , the joyride through Chicago was THE stupidest scene in the whole movie . It would be an interesting scene aside from the fact that INDYCARS CA N'T START BY THEMSELVES . And even worse , neither one of the drivers even gets in trouble about it ... do n't get it . This movie makes Days of Thunder look like a masterpiece of cinema . If you want to watch a racing movie , rent that . Not Driven . ABSOLUTELY NOT DRIVEN .
 I was not expecting much at all from a Stallone movie , but still , a friend of mine , also fan of F1 racing , finally convinced me to go to see it . Not only is there no story at all , but even car racing sequences are totally unrealistic . It makes you wonder whether or not you are watching a parodia of another even more useless movie . At least , when Austin Powers was parodying James Bond , one could laugh . Here , you do n't , and you 'd find yourself regularly checking your watch just to find out that there is still way too much time left for enduring this terrible movie ! Regardless of who you are , save your bucks for a drink or two when you attend a real race .
 The commentary and deleted scenes narrated by Stallone are worth the rental or purchase of this DVD . The movie stinks , but what the movie was supposed to be is very good and moving . Stallone takes you through the entire `` writers/actors '' cut and you see a real story with interesting characters and movtivations develop.The `` real '' reason Stallone is called up by the Burt Reynolds character is touching , dramatic and true . It is ashame that people who saw this movie in the theaters never got to see this.Editing ruined this film .
 Driven is about CART , the open-wheel racing series . I race myself ; I 'm just a weekend warrior who pulls their own car behind their truck . I have lots of fun , but I do n't have a huge budget , like Sylvester Stallone had . So I do n't screw-up quite as much as he did.This movie was surprising in that the story was much better than I had expected . The tale is of three drivers and a couple of owners . One driver is very young and unstable , seemingly challenged more by fitting in with his new surroundings and the expectations placed upon him than by working the car . Sly plays an older driver , a veteran who might be past his prime but is still capable of winning a few races . And there 's another driver in the middle -- comfortable with racing in the series , but experiencing profound self-doubt in light of a few recent setbacks.The interaction between the three is what makes the plot . The caracters , on the surface , have balance and could make a great and rich storyline . But there 's lots of missing pieces between them , their interaction , and their development.In the automotive press , particularly in the racing world , the making of this movie received a tremendous amount of ink . That press worked a lot of hype into the movie 's most critical audience -- race drivers . We read about how Bernie Ecclestone , czar of F1 , discontinued a long relationship with Sly after many months of involvement . CART picked up the relationship , but I think that was a mistake.Racing films are hard to make . It 's impossible to concisely capture the passion , precision , and effort put forth by everyone involved in race day . But the blunders in this movie made it nearly unbearable.That a driver would leave a Champ car during a race and be the first one to assist a wrecked driver , that cars fly 80 feet into the air after a wreck , that raindrops are visible as you drive at 130 miles an hour ... all of the those faults quickly add up to distractions that kept me from enjoying the show . Drivers hum and sing and yell in their cars , but they do n't do it with their radio mic key pressed . Drivers do n't suddenly decide that they 'll go a little harder and pass everyone in sight during the next lap.Even though it could have been better developed , I was surprised at the strength of the story but I was profoundly disappointed in the visual aspects of the movie . I know that Stallone did lots of work to get footage , including using his relationship with CART to get access to pit row during live races , and offering many popular drivers cameos . But the incredulous footage puts an intolerable tarnish on a decent story .
 I have never seen such a horrible movie !! Seriously , I heard it was bad but I love racing so I thought `` even if it 's a bad story , at least the race scenes will be cool '' WRONG ... the special effects are cheap and overdone . It does n't even come close to looking real . Please , save your money and keep the little bit of respect you have left for Stallone ...
 When `` Driven '' was announced as a cutting edge , behind-the-scenes look at the world of Formula 1 , I was fairly interested . My hopes were somewhat dashed when I heard Stallone would be the movie 's creative engine . Needless to say my optimism was not restored when viewing the final product -LRB- free , thank God -RRB- , which had somehow mutated into a melodramatic , contrived , and unintentionally funny action -LRB- ? -RRB- movie grafted onto something vaguely resembling the CART circuit . `` Driven '' is of value purely for the accidental laughs it incites , featuring announcers who seem to be less than familiar with their jobs or the typical spectator 's intelligence -LRB- `` One of the keys of winning these races is knowing when to make a pit stop ... '' -RRB- and a wheelchair-bound Burt Reynolds , sporting about four inches of makeup on his face . Not only that , but we are also subjected to very little raw racing footage and more of the same badly done CGI that makes about half the film resemble a Playstation game , right down to the false tension and generic aggro-rawk blasted loudly in the background . Starting off with a concept that had serious promise , `` Driven '' arrives with a whimper , coming off as nothing more than a flailing attempt to entertain and teach a NASCAR-crazed America that there 's more to speed than stock cars .
 I have never been witness or had to sit through a more painful 88 minutes . I 'm a racing fan , but this flick did nothing but denegrate the sport to the level of smut . Stallone clearly did n't have a knowledge of the sport nor did the director possess the intelligence to understand how to visually leverage the spectacle , technology and thrill that open-wheel racing delivers to fans around the world . It is an embarassement to the sport . They should ban these people from any race tracks .
 I must admit that when I heard this movie was in the works , I was giddy with excitment . When I heard that Stallone was writing it , I became a little less excited , but still optimistic . Being a huge CART fan , this was going to be the movie that helped define the league.How unfortunate that this movie turned out to be a steaming pile of cow manure ! The ` plot ' is ridiculous . The ` action ' is not even remotely close to real life . The ` special effects ' look worse than most 1980 's video games . I 've never seen a movie with more potential go so horribly wrong . It 's too bad that CART ended up going bankrupt after this movie . Who knows , maybe if the movie was halfway respectable , it could have helped CART 's financial woes ? If you are a racing fan , I would advise that you watch this movie , only so that you know how laughable it is . Also , you will then know how NOT to make a movie .
 The main problem with this in not the story . Its the filming . Everything is a close-up and the camera angle is constantly changing . Where Good Fellas and Casino are famous for the Longest continuous camera shots , this one should be equally famous for the shortest.The camera shifts without reason every fraction of a second . Everything is a closeup . When a group of people are talking together . Split seconds of facial closeups are mixed with facial closeups of the other characters talking.Actually its worse than that , you get close-ups of eyes , then someones nose , then back to Stallone talking , Stallone at a different angle , at yet another angel , a close-up of finger tapping.Its like they had 1000 cameras for every scene and used portions of each one for every minute of screentime.If you can get past how absurdly it is shot , you have absurd situations like a racer getting upset taking off in one of these cars on public city streets and being pursued by another racer . Also in a race , there is a crash , and the other racer does a 180 degree turn and goes to rescue him.I could never get past all this to get deep enough into the relationships between the characters so I ca n't comment about that.This movie is terrible .
 I watch the worldwide Formula One Grand Prix regularly and I must say this movie was no comparison , in my biased opinion . The cars just seemed to fall apart too easily - which led to some spectacular crashes , I do admit . I found the whole love story theme pretty boring - especially the -LRB- ... -RRB- who switches between the two top drivers . The only reason I give it two stars is because I thought Sylvester Stallone sounded like Mel Gibson ...
 I love Formula One and racing in general , this is why I bought the DVD . But let me tell you ... this movie is an insult to every racing fan in the world . The actors are third-class , the FX are terrible , the background music is laughable , and to top it all
 I did not like this movie at all . I thought that I might like it when I saw the previews . It was like a bad soap opera combined with a music video .
 `` Driven '' may be the only racing flick in which no one gets killed - just as it would happen in real life . Still , this second Sylvester Stallone-Renny Harlin collaboration is fairly enjoyable on a junk-food-cinema level . The racing sequences are exciting -LRB- despite some obvious digital effects -RRB- and , surprisingly , Stallone 's character takes a back seat to the young leads . However , one wishes Stallone had written a screenplay that was n't a `` Rocky '' retread - right down to casting Burt Reynolds in the Burgess Meredith role . As a result , `` Driven '' covers the same narrative ground that you 've seen in previous Stallone efforts . Though not a bad film , it 's easy to understand why `` Driven '' crashed and burned with movie audiences .
 I have been a fan of open wheel racing for a very long time and this movie just does n't do the sport justice . First the plot is lame . It 's pretty much a remake of Days of Thunder . -LRB- I kept looking for Tom Cruise . -RRB- You know , young hot shot gets help from crusty older man . Young hot shot meets girl , young hot shot gets girl . -LRB- Oh excuse me , Stalone 's character gets girl , since he wrote the movie & is the star . -RRB- Stalone sniffed around Formula I for a season and they refused his offer to make a movie . Initially , I was disapointed , but now I see they made the right decision . Then he hung around Cart for a year . Obviously , he was too busy playing the celeb to really pay attention to the sport.Besides , the plot that 's been done before , let me tell you technically what 's wrong with the movie .1 . A lot of the in-car shots are sped up . You really do n't need that in these cars , they 're quite exciting enough , thank you .2 . You see flames from fires when cars crash . Cart/Champ cars burn methanol , it burns clear , you do n't see flames .3 . I remember at least 2 crashes where cars end up in water . I ca n't remember when I 've seen a crash in Champ , Cart or Formula 1 where anyone has ended up in the water !!!! 4 . Oh , and while the cars are in the water , they 're on fire . I 've already mentioned that you ca n't see methanol when it burns and do you know how you put out a methanol fire ? With water !!! 5 . Plus the crashes themselves are just too over the top . About once a year you 'll get a crash where a car will fly through the air like these seem to have done every time.If you want a good race movie go get a VHS copy of Gran Prix or Le Mans . -LRB- I do n't think they have been put out on DVD yet . Too bad . -RRB- Or if you want some lighthearted car action , then get Days of Thunder or Gumball Rally . There is nothing about this film to recommend it !!!!!!
 This movie would only be watchable by people who know NOTHING -LRB- and I mean nothing - like less then my wife - who I might add thinks that Formula 1 is abrand of baby formula -RRB- . It is filled with absolutely laughable impossibilities -LRB- dozens ... maybe hundreds -RRB- like being able to jump into an IndyCar , turn the key -LRB- connected to the non-existent built-in starter -RRB- , and take off down city streets at 200 + . A complete and side-splitting comedy for any race fan who was unlucky enough to buy -LRB- or rent -RRB- this piece of rediculous junk thinking they were about to watch a `` Real Racing Movie '' . It get 's my vote for the `` Top 10 Worst '' movies list .
 I am giving this movie one star simply because there is no option available to give it less . Surely a more inaccurate , half-baked , cliched or pathetic storyline has ever been conceived by anyone over the age of four . The acting is attrocious with even Burt Reynolds thinly disguised portrayal of the Frank Williams style character being forced and by the numbers . The thought that you can slide an Indycar around on the bitumen like a Sprintcar picking up coins in your slick rear tyres that were deposited on the track the previous lap is mind-boggling . The fact that we are expected to believe this garbage is an insult . All this is supposedly happening on a street circuit through the city that has been closed for a private practice session . Lets not forget the flaming Indycars flying through the air and landing in ponds or the two Indycars chasing each other through city traffic at night throwing manhole covers at their opponents unhelmeted heads . I could go on , and on , but just recalling this abomination of a movie is making me ill . Avoid at all costs .
 I ca n't believe it ... . Stallone , how could you write this ... ? ... , sheer B-Movie , my friends ! At least i could laugh a lot . THey should sell it as a comedy . But , as they did not , I rented it thinking it would be a good car racing movie . And I assure you
 Its time to call joe tanto . One star for the gorgeous italian babe . Driving a car round a track a 1000 times isnt a sport and this film proves it , its the cars that do all the work . -LRB- ... -RRB- Where exactly are the effects the cars look like their going 5 miles an hour . The script and acting is terrible , its no days of thunder .
 Sly Stallone wrote this script , but he also wrote the script for Rocky . It was n't a brilliant one , but at least Rocky was a much better film that this total waste of film.This movie has no redeeming qualities to it , I ca n't even think of one reason why I would recommend it . I thought it was boring , and the race car sequences were just okay.Stallone tried to throw romance -LRB- lame try -RRB- and action and sports together . I think he was trying to appeal to everyone , but I do n't think it appeals to anyone . This movie was badly acted , and the script was awful -LRB- Rocky script was much better -RRB- , and it has been done far too many times before.Skip it . . and watch Rocky again .
 This movie was horrible i would not even give it a star i would give it half it was pointless movie and it was just horrible .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . There is no plot , no racing action , no anything . It is pathetic and the biggest waste of money a person could make on ANY movie . Just Horrible . Run , run as fast as you can .
 It was slightly entertaining , but do n't expect anywhere near decent acting performances from Sylvester Stallone or Burt Reynolds . Motorsports movies are rarely good and this one follows that trend .
 This movie is Poop . No plot . No theme . No suspense . No interest .
 The only half decent part of this movie is the mildly exciting street racing scene . Screenwriter/Producer/Star Stallone mumbles his way through his own bad dialogue and Burt Reynolds looks like he 's about to drop dead of embarressment , though he ; like Stallone , has made more than his share of turkeys throughout his career . Director Renny Harlin -LRB- who can do much better -RRB- even throws in some cheesy computer graphics of racing during the climax . Does he really think viewers are that stupid ? I give this one and a half stars because its very ineptness is what makes it -LRB- at times -RRB- unintentionally funny .
 This was just too hip and flashy for me . This is for racecar fans only . I love Sly -LRB- The Specialist , Tango & Cash , Rocky , Lock Up , etc -RRB- but he 's not very active here.I do n't like like racecar driving but I still bought it because it had Sly in it . So it 's kinda dissapointing unlike Happy Gilmore -LRB- with Adam Sandler -RRB- where non-golf fans can like it too.I give it 2 stars for the plethora of extra features . Also has Burt Reynolds -LRB- Pups -RRB- .
 The movie is ok i guess it wo n't win any awards and story is very weak , but the race scenes are good but the movie skips I bought one and then took it back and exchanged it and skiped in the smane place i tried it in two players . Do n't buy it it will skip and you may not as lucky as i was too get your money back after youve tried two dvds .
 A silly , noisy movie . Even the racing sequences -- the supposed reason to watch this movie -- are horrible . I told myself I 'd watch just for the action sequences -LRB- knowing the plot would be horrible -RRB- , but even they are not worth the effort . If you want to watching some CART racing action , get the IMAX Speedway disc ; at least they do n't pretend there is a plot .
 I am a big F1 fan and when I heard Stallone was going to make an F1 I was intrigued . When he decided not to make it because of the limited access he would have to the teams I was disappointed . However , after seeing the movie I was glad F1 decided not to get involved.The race scenes was like watching a video game on a big screen TV . Every accident was over the top . Even funnier were the inconsistencies regarding the cars . You need a special starter to get the hydraulics started and then you can start the engine . However , in `` Chicago '' both Kip & Sly were able to start the cars without them when they went racing through the streets . The plot was not much better and the characters one-demensional . This movie is good for unintentional laughs , just like any movie where Keanu Reeves is trying to play a serious character .
 I totally disagree with the opening statement that all racing movies are `` clunkers '' ... despite their faults , Grand Prix and LeMans are classics for their riveting analog real time footage . . but Driven ? aside from some real time CART clips from the 1999 season , the movie is totally preposterous , the special digital effects are ludricrous , the story is ridiculous , the acting is incredulous ... this makes `` Days of Thunder '' look like `` Lawrence of Arabia '' !! ... just watched it again the other day and it 's only gotten worse ... ouch !!
 I had high hopes for Driven . As a fan of open-wheel racing , I was hoping for action tied together with a good storyline . Plus , I had n't seen a recent Stallone film , so I was interested to see how he would fare in Driven.Fortunately , I only rented Driven , and did not buy it or pay to see it in cinema . Overall , the acting was so bad and the storyline to inept that I barely got halfway through the film before I was too fed up to continue with it . While actual ABC/ESPN auto racing announcers are featured , they do not call the film 's races ANYWHERE close to reality ; I realize things for a film are scripted , but the passion simply is not there . The three-coin trick was intriguing , but that was the highlight of the first half of the film - which certainly does not bode well for the second half : - -LRB-
 uau !!! THis movie is bad , man !! I could not believe my eyes and ears while I was watching this dreadful picture , the worst , I repeat , the worst Stallone picture I 've ever watched . And I 'm a big racing fan since I was eight !!!! If I would describe all the embarassing dialogues , cliched situations , impossible race events , ridiculous comparisons -LRB- why , in the name of Earth , did SLyportrayed the manager of the team in a wheel chair , with no explanation at all ????? Just to remember Frank Williams from Formula One ???!!!! -RRB- . ALl the character are lame and mean , well , enough !!
 Why take a subject so interesting such as race driving and make a film that 's allegedly about race driving and yet is TOTALLY improbable?Why make fun of the audience and cast together in the same movie Sylvester Stallone , Estella Warren and Gina Gershon?Why do cars keep crashing and ending up upside-down in water courses when there 's no way that can happen , even if it 's in Interlagos , my hometown race-course -LRB- Interlagos has two lakes and , as of today , it 's IMPOSSIBLE a racing car will end in one of the lakes , even if it 's the major car-crash of all-times in racing history -RRB- ? Why does a brazilian character speaks spanish , even if it 's for USA audience purposes?Why all races have incredible pile-ups with dozens of cars and flying car-parts all over the people watching the race?Why , when movies about racing-cars are so rare , create a script that 's so full of cliches and impossible situations?Why , oh WHY ?! make a scene with formula cars racing through the streets of Chicago ? It 's impossible for a formula car to leave a modern racing course by it 's own . And there would be a major accident in the first traffic light . And , without helmets and at 200 mph , the first nocturnal insect would do a major mess of the drivers ' faces.Why is the bad guy a german ? Why is one of the team-managers in a wheel-chair ? Why these are the only real resemblances to the actual sport?Why there are so many company names all the time during the movie , making the spectators dizzy with so many letters?Why so many scenes resemble renderized video-game scenes -LRB- and I 've seen better simulations in some of those video-games -RRB- ? Why did n't they invite ANYONE with a minor f1 or cart or nascar knowledge to screening and audience tests , so this movie would never be released?Why is this movie under the `` action/thriller/drama '' genre , and not `` trash/comedy '' ? Why ca n't I give zero stars to this movie?Why continue writing ? I think you 've already got the picture.Grade 0.1 / 10
 `` Driven '' wanted to be two films at once
 This is definitely one of the worst films I 've ever seen , and was a total waste of time and money . Maybe some viewers who are not racing fans might find some redeeming virtues , but the racing fan will be squirming and wincing with almost every scene . A general note about the digital ` special effects '
 In his first solo-writing credit since Rocky V , Sylvester Stallone can not get this plodding drama , with the backdrop of CART open-wheel-racing , out of neutral.Stallone portrays a former open-wheel champion , Joe Tanto , who is brought onto a team to drive a second car and tutor hot-shot racer , Jimmy Bly -LRB- Kip Pardue -RRB- ; a star in the making , but whose ego is tossing away a golden opportunity for a title run and - perhaps - a career in the sport.Banal dialogue and a generic script - which could have been dropped into any setting - ruins the unprecedented access the producers had to the CART series . The technology oftentimes takes a secondary role to scenes which makes racing look like a demolition derby at the county fair.After seeing the film , top CART driver , Cristiano da Matta , joked that his car was always involved in spectacular wrecks . There was great potential to develop a film that would challenge the racing classics - Le Mans and Grand Prix - for the front row on the starting grid . But - ultimately - Driven needs to remain in the pits .
 I wo n't take much of your time here but I will save you some . After watching this movie I was almost `` Driven '' to shoot myself in the face . Easily and I mean Easily one of the worst movies I have ever viewed . I 'm not a Stallone hater . I tell you this because haters will hate . This is just not a good movie .
 ... but it can be hard to find sometimes . I remember , when it first appeared in theaters , some friends called it `` Rocky on wheels . '' That , it definitely is not . More of Stallone 's story filtered through in Rocky . Here , I have the impression that half of the story was jettisoned for `` slowing down the action . `` For there is plenty of action . The speed and horror of crashing are well communicated , as is - strangely enough - the simple thrill of racing . Harlin does a good job with the action sequences , making the moment of impact truly impressive . Racing relies so much on instinct rather than preplanned thought ; the pit crew and support staff can only prepare and plan so much - the race still revolves around the driver . Racing is an old sport , and any tried-and-true fans who rent or buy this film hoping accurate , down-to-the-nub details will be disappointed . Harlin and Stallone take plenty of dramatic license . The famous chase through the streets of Chicago ? Come on . While obviously something like that would never happen , I understand that Harlin and Stallone were trying to communicate the rage of a rejected young man in a unique and forceful manner . I can allow for that ; but the chase went on far too long , almost as though it were enjoying the spectacle for its own sake . Do n't say you were n't warned.Still , in between the racing montages and the overly-loud boom-boom music , there are some good parts . Robert Sean Leonard of `` House '' fame turns a really great performance . Stallone is strangely given little to do - the story of his character , Joe Tanto , is truncated , giving the impression that is where a lot of cutting happened so the film focuses more on Jimmy Bly -LRB- a suitably intense Kip Pardue -RRB- . This is unfortunate , because I speculate that it is Tanto 's back-story that is the real catalyst for the final climatic race . Certain elements of the story felt forced as a result . Our introduction to Joe Tanto happens with little warning or preamble , and exactly why Carl Henry -LRB- Burt Reynolds -RRB- thought Tanto could help the situation is never clearly stated . Stallone is perfectly cast as the old veteran with a few good races left in him ; but , save for the ending , all his character does is dispense advice throughout the film . We see his impact on others , but never really see the impact of events on him.And this is ultimately what drags Driven down
 I 'm a big Formula 1 fan , and I 'm glad F1 decided not to get involved with this picture . This is undoubtedly one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . The whole idea that a guy would dump a young talent just because he did n't win the championship in his first year is ludicrous . The ancillary story about Estella Warren and her switching between Bly and Brandenburg is not at all compelling , and then aside from that there seem to be not a few but several auxiliary plots that are only hinted at but never fleshed out , -LRB- Tanto 's ex-wife , Memo 's distress at losing his job , what happened to Tanto 's career , etc. -RRB- The dialogue is just atrocious with lines such as , `` YOU DO N'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE ANYMORE ! '' and , `` Joe , you never crawl ! '' Maybe you think you can forget all of that stuff and just watch the racing scenes ? Nope , they suck too , because it seems the only way they could think of to make them exciting was to have ridiculously overwrought crashes that would never happen in real life . But the most ridiculous scene comes at the very end where suddenly Jimmy Bly pulls away from Brandenburg on a straightaway just because he suddenly realizes how much he loves racing . The only three reasons anybody might want to watch this movie are :1 . The racing through the streets scene is cool if you do n't take it seriously -LRB- which should n't be too hard considering how awful this film is -RRB- 2 . The music is really good .3 . For House fans , Robert Sean Leonard plays a significant -LRB- and stupid -RRB- role .
 I really wanted to like this movie . I 'm a HUGE Sly fan and I love NASCAR . -LRB- yes , I know this is CART/Formula 1 -RRB- The plot was a rehash of well ... a dozen other movies and some of the dialog was forced , corny and uncomfortable ... much like Michael Scott from the Office . If you can get past the plot and average acting then you 're left with the racing action . While I 'll admit some of the special effects were gripping I could n't enjoy them because they were so unrealistic . As many others have pointed out the type of fuel used does n't burn yellow it burns clean and blue . There is NO way that downtown race could or WOULD ever have happened . Oh and back to the plot . Are we really expected to believe only two people were capable of winning from week to week AND that Carl -LRB- Burt Reynolds -RRB- was ready to fire a kid who WON FIVE RACES in his rookie season ? You have got to be kidding me ! You can win the darn championship with only one win ! It 's about the points -LRB- at least in NASCAR it is . -RRB- Anyway , the movie was just bad , bad , bad ... I wish it was n't . Again I really wanted to like it , but I just could n't . : -LRB-
 The title is a pun as a paint brush is used to paint pictures of the victims with their blood . The cheerleaders are never in cheerleader outfits , nor do they ever take a shower . The do parade around in swim suits for a large part of the movie , which held my attention as well as their playing an idiotic game of `` Truth or Dare . '' But alas , without a pillow fight , their antics failed to provide the right stimulation . Roger Corman where are you?The horribly done flashback scenes contained some of the worse acting since `` Twilight . '' Did you count how many pictures the pervert took before he had to reload his camera ? What was that , about 200 pictures ? $ 1.99 to watch this film is too much . In fact you would have to pay me to sit through this thing again . Rent something else . The movie is a tease , but does n't please .
 For those of you who are Dean Martin ; / Matt Helm fans , this is the set to pass on . The movies have been edited for TV and a lot of content has been removed due to subject matter . There are unedited editions out there and I highly suggest searching for those . The set is very dissappointing for collectors , it is n't even worth a one star rating .
 If you enjoyed the `` Austin Powers '' movies , you should really enjoy these movies.If you are a fan of Dean Martin , you should enjoy these movies.If you enjoy the Matt Helm books , avoid these movies like the plague!I have to admit that when I first saw them on TV in the mid-70 's , I really enjoyed them -LRB- I think I was 13 or 14 at the time -RRB- , then I read the books they were based on and realized what Hollywood had done to them . I have watched these movie since then and I always wanted to ask Mr. Hamilton why he let the movie industry do that to his character Matt Helm . I have heard that one of the studios has purchased the rights to the books again and I really hope that they do n't do this to the series again and ruin it even more for those of that really enjoy the books . Get the books and read them . I find them a lot more enjoyable that listening to `` Deano '' crooning and boozing his way through a bunch of poorly scripted spoofs of the Bond series . Unfortunately you will probably have to settle for used , since the publishers are no longer printing any of the series that I have found , and Mr Hamilton has passed away.PS . What in the world is I.C.E. ? Matt works for a agency that has no official name or designation .
 Hollywood producer Irving Allen must rank as second only to the executive at Decca records who turned down The Beatles as one of the entertainment industry 's great heroic failures . In 1958 , while in partnership with Harry Saltzman , he turned down a chance to buy the screen rights to James Bond , informing Ian Fleming his novels would not make good films . Saltzman later teamed with Albert R. Broccolli , re approached Fleming and the rest is history , while Mr. Allen undoubtedly gritted his teeth at the success he so misguidedly let slip by.Determined to grab a consolation prize , Allen subsequently obtained the rights to Donald Hamilton 's Matt Helm novels with a view to a film franchise to rival that of 007 . Hamilton 's books are gritty cynical thrillers about a CIA operative turned private detective , far removed from the colourful world of the Bond films . Allen wanted an American James Bond with glamour , gadgets and women , with a greater emphasis on spoof/comedy thrills to compete with Bond 's more sophisticated tongue in cheek humour . Matt Helm was made over accordingly.The Silencers -LRB- 1966 -RRB- borrowed the title and little else from the Hamilton novel -LRB- as would be the case with the later films -RRB- though material from another Helm novel , Death of a Citizen , was also utilised . Rather than cast a serious actor in the lead , Allen turned to crooner turned movie star , Dean Martin to fill the criteria of super suave agent . A former second banana to Jerry Lewis , Dino was very much nearing the end of his movie career and appears to daydream through most of the film , usually to one of his own songs of the soundtrack . The CIA became the fictional ICE , while Helm is initially a semi retired agent turned photographer . Helm reluctantly returns to ICE after the enemy organisation , BIGO , attempts to kill him . Victor Buono played the main villain as a Doctor No type complete with Asian makeover . The main gadget of the film is a gun that fires backwards - no kidding!Murder 's Row followed in 1967 , retaining the main premise of the novel -LRB- kidnapped scientist -RRB- and moving the action from Chesapeake Bay to Monte Carlo . It borrowed a plot device from that year 's Bond -LRB- You Only Live Twice -RRB- in which Helm fakes his own death at the opening of the film . It also featured a steel headed villain who Helm eventually defeats with a giant industrial magnet ... just as 007 would do with Jaws ten years later . Well he is entitled to borrow from his imitators once in a while.The Ambushers -LRB- 1968 -RRB- was also modelled on You Only Live Twice with a plot involving hijacked spacecraft and Helm faking his own assassination . The resultant film is probably the least of the bunch with dull , plodding direction and the weakest visual gags including a cigarette that produces laughing gas!The Wrecking Crew -LRB- 1969 -RRB- is the last and least remembered of the four , which is a pity in some ways as the series seemed to be getting its act into some sort of order . The tighter paced script took itself a little more seriously and boasted a classier villain in Nigel Greene , almost reprising his role from Deadlier Than The Male . Confident , perhaps , that they were finally getting it right , Allen had the closing titles proclaim Helm 's impending return in The Ravagers . It proved a misplaced confidence . Dean Martin decided to quit the role and while actors James Franciscus and Adam West -LRB- TV 's Batman -RRB- were briefly considered as replacements , the backing studio , Columbia , felt that the super spy bubble had now burst . The latest 007 , On Her Majesty 's Secret Service , was just scraping in a profit and being perceived as a failure . Of course , this situation would quickly turn around.Six years later , Allen attempted reviving his Matt Helm franchise as a possible TV series with Tony Francisco . A pilot , simply titled Matt Helm , relocated the character back into a more realistic crime thriller as a former CIA agent turned private eye . With a low budget and the other usual restrictions on 1970s TV films , it proved an unmemorable comeback and no more were made.For the record , Warner Bros have been talking about resurrecting Matt Helm to follow the success of the Bourne films . So far , it remains just talk .
 Donald Hamilton created the ultimate hard-nosed spy in Matt Helm , a man who would always do what had to be done . Somehow this became used as a farce by Dean Martin . One can only wonder why the filmmakers would want to waste money buying rights to Matt Helm when they did n't intend to use anything from the books , or create a character even vaguely comparable . Even the James Bond series in its early incarnations had some relationships to Fleming , although it too ultimately degenerated into farce until Daniel rescued it . But this Dean Martin nonsense -- stupid , poorly paced , poorly written and most of all -- utterly irrelevant to the great books that are now , alas , out of print .
 The disks came with a sludge on the read surface that had to be cleaned before the DvDs could be used .
 If my memory serves me right , I seem to remember seeing bits and pieces of these films on television as I was growing up . By the time , though , that I finally saw enough of one to really understand , I had made the wonderful discovery of Donald Hamilton 's Matt Helm novels . After reading only two of Hamilton 's tough , spare writing style about the cynical counterintelligence agent pulled back reluctantly back into service when things get too close to his family , I could never again watch these movies without wincing in pain every moment.I guess Irwin Allen thought he could n't create an American counterpart to Fleming 's James Bond , so he decided to spoof him . Even as a parody it 's painful . -LRB- Humorist P.J. O'Rourke , explains parody this way
 This is a review of the DVDs and not the movies . I like all four movies and I am a big Dino fan . However , I am greatly disappointed in the current presentation of these movies . None of the formats are in widescreen and they have all been edited for television . This is ridiculous and unacceptable . With the world moving to high definition , these formatted to fit your tv DVDs will soon be outdated . You know that once this occurs the DVD company will re-issue this box set in widescreen format and charge us more money !!! Booo !!! As for the editing , I am calling it censorship . If you want to edit your product for whatever reason , then let us -LRB- the buyer -RRB- know somewhere on the package . I bought these movies under the false pretense that I was getting the full version of each picture . I do n't care what is edited out or the reason why , but the DVD producer should inform us that these are edited versions and let us determine whether we want to buy them . Do n't waste your money on something that will be replaced in a few years and for which you will eventually have to shell out more money !!!!!
 I 'm a huge horror fan , but this movie is really horrible ! Please do n't waste your time and money on this movie . I know you can definitely find something better to watch .
 What a huge disappointment this movie turned out to be . Once I learned the premise of Blackout , I could n't wait to see it - I love these movies where people are put in a terribly stressful and agonizing situation in which hope eventually dies . Even though getting stuck in an elevator is n't quite the dangerous stuff of aFrozen , in which three skiers are trapped for days on a ski lift , that particular circumstance certainly ranks highly on my personal `` I hope this never happens to me '' list . Just being trapped is bad enough , but then one of the three turns out to be a serial killer - that should turn the claustrophobic intensity up a few notches . And then I saw that one of my favorite young actresses , Amber Tamblyn , was in the movie . Yep , I was totally stoked for the Blackout experience . When the movie got off to a slow and disjointed start , I did n't worry because I knew the fun would n't really begin until our three characters stepped into that elevator together . Then they got on the elevator - and the fun still did n't begin . After that , it did n't take long to realize that Blackout was going to be a great big dud , and even Amber Tamblyn was powerless to overcome such a bad script and method of presentation.Blackout has a myriad of problems . For one thing , none of the characters are particularly likeable to begin with , even though we 're given reasons - gradually , via ill-timed flashbacks - to sympathize with each of them . Dr. Karl Maddox -LRB- Aiden Gillen -RRB- is a widower on his way to do something for his little girl before she arrives back home the next day . Claudia -LRB- Amber Tamblyn -RRB- is dealing with the impending death of her beloved grandmother . Tommy -LRB- Armie Hammer -RRB- is putting a plan into motion to remove his girlfriend from a bad situation at home . Oh , these poor people - yet , for some reason -LRB- bad writing -RRB- I felt nothing for any of them . I do n't believe the group dynamics were ever adequately established -LRB- due in no small part to the flashback scenes destroying anything resembling a rhythm -RRB- , and I found the eventual emergence of the killer 's identity and murderous intentions to have taken place somewhat too abruptly . Even the climactic , life and death moments of the film manufactured little in the way of thrills or suspense . It all adds up to quite a disappointing viewing experience that never generated the atmosphere it needed in order to succeed .
 Ok this movie was really bad . It 's hard to explain except for the fact that it just was n't any good . I mean 3 people stuck in a elevator . After about 5 minutes you realize who the Killer is . They try to get some shock value from a couple of gory scenes later on in the movie.So unless your afraid of Salt -LRB- you will understand what I mean if you watch this garbage -RRB- Pass on this movie and just watch Baseball instead .
 Movie ? Blackout oh that snoozefest with three people trapped in an elevator . . yawn . How long would I last with this crew before I started to freak out , began eating one of them and beating the other 2 to death just out of sheer boredom ? I love the idea of this movie and I think the acting is fine the movie is to slow.Skip it and see `` M. Night Shyamalan '' , `` Devil '' , it is very much like this but better and heck it 's the Devil not some dim-witted serial killer .
 Blackout had me `` knocked out '' throughout the duration of the movie , so boring and the flashbacks make the plot dumber on top of that the scenes with salt and the lady cut up was unnecessary . Is the movie about being in a elevator stuck ? or going through various flashbacks and then finally the best part of all is when the Movie ends ! What happens to the bad guy other than that , a snooze .
 Three strangers are trapped in an elevator and they all have their reasons to hurry . They are Claudia -LRB- Amber Tamblyn -RRB- , Karl -LRB- Aidan Gillen -RRB- and Tommy -LRB- Armie Hammer -RRB- - and these three ordinary persons might not be what they appear . `` Blackout '' directed by Rigoberto Casta & ntilde ; eda begins with an intriguing premise , and then quickly loses steam and stalls out . `` Blackout '' clearly wants to be a psychological thriller between Claudia , Karl and Tommy , perhaps something riveting like Polanski 's `` Death and the Maiden . '' But there is little dramatic tension in interactions between the three characters . After all , all they can do is wait in , or attempt to get out the elevator.However , the main storyline about the three characters in a stalled elevator is frequently interrupted by flashbacks -LRB- revealing what they had been doing prior to the elevator accident -RRB- , so the inside of the elevator car looks hardly claustrophobic . Also , because of this heavy-handed narrative , we do n't feel the lapse of time , which should be one of the key factors in creating tension . Moreover , the back stories of each character are not very interesting , and even worse , it is predictable.It is reported that the film was originally 120 minutes long . I just saw the 85 minute version . Sorry to say this , but 85 minutes is still too long .
 You have to sit through 60 minutes of people thinking back on their recent days memories , in order to get to 20 mins of some mild action . It was painfully slow and easily predictable .
 The fine actor Amber Tamblyn is wasted in a lousy script with a very forgettable story . I 've already forgotten most of what little story there was . This could have been executed much better than it was . Too bad that not much was done with it , or with her skills .
 Interesting young actor Armie Hammer in a disappointing movie . It 's a pity , it could be not just another movie .
 IM SO GLAD I REDBOXED THIS MOVIE , BECAUSE FRANKLY I WOULD HAVE BEEN LIVID IF I HAD BOUGHT/RENTED THIS MOVIE . THE MOVIE STARS AMBER TAMBLYN WHICH I DO BELIEVE THE SAME GIRL TO BE IN THE GRUDGE 2 . THE OTHER TWO ARE WHICH OF A PUNK THAT CARRYS A KNIFE AND A DOCTOR , WHICH IS WEIRD TO THE EXTREME . THEY ARE ALL ON THEIR WAY TO THEIR APARTMENT ? , AND THE ELEVATOR BREAKS DOWN . CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT WAS PERFECT , DAILOUGE WAS GREAT , ACTING WASNT EVEN THAT BAD . THEY SHOULD HAVE SPEND MORE TIME ON THE DOCTORS BACKGROUND . HIS WIFE DIED , AND HES ON HIS WAY TO CLEAN THE APARTMENT UP BEFORE HIS DAUGHTER GETS THEIR TO VISIT HIM . HE HAS MURDERED A YOUNG LADY HE TOOK BACK TO HIS PLACE AFTER MEETING IN A BAR . WHY IS THIS GUY A KILLER ? I GUESS HES THE ONE THAT KILLED HIS WIFE ? SO MANY UNANSWERED QUESTIONS . AFTER BEING TRAPPED IN A ELEVATOR FOR ALMOST 24 HOURS I WOULD TEND TO BE A BIT NUTTY MYSELF BUT NOT TO THE EXTREME TO STAB SOMEBODY IN THE NECK . THE ENDING WAS DISSAPOINTING . THE COVER LOOKS PROMISING THE MOVIE NOT SO MUCH . I WOULD SAY IF ANYONE IS A FAVORITE OF THE ORIGINAL ONE AND LIKED IT , STICK WITH IT , ALL THIS WILL DO IS PISS YOU OFF .
 What do you think of when you hear the words `` bad movie '' ? For most members of the movie going public , bad cinema translates into big budget disasters like `` Gigli '' or `` Batman and Robin . '' And if you listed these two films as miserable dreck barely worth mentioning without cringing , you would be correct . Big studio pictures that take a tumble are horrific to watch . But for a certain small segment of the public , these sorts of films really do n't represent the worst of the worst . Sure , watching Arnie Schwarzenegger don his Mr. Freeze outfit is worth a chuckle or two , as is witnessing Affleck 's attempts at a New Yawk accent , but for real kicks you have to dig much deeper . Those stalwart souls who wish to view the truly horrific need to check out movies made during the golden age of the drive-in . During the 1950s , 1960s , and 1970s , the drive-in provided audiences with spectacularly bad films , real howlers that would give anyone a nervous breakdown . `` Invasion of the Blood Farmers '' falls neatly into this category , a category that shelters movies like `` Blood Feast '' and `` Manos , The Hands of Fate . '' Yep , `` Invasion '' is as bad as `` Manos , '' if not worse . Of course , I loved this film because I simply adore bad movies made by people who have n't a clue as to how to construct a motion picture . `` Invasion of the Blood Farmers '' tells the story of an ancient cult of druids -LRB- ! -RRB- called Sangroids disguised as farmers in the modern day . These bib overall wearing dudes -- there appear to be about three or four of them total -- start working their way through the residents of Jefferson Valley in order to harvest a supply of blood . They need plenty of the red stuff to carry out various cheesy rituals and to resurrect their comatose queen , a lady who spends most of the film lying around in a glass box looking anemic . Unfortunately for the blood farmers , a local scientist , his daughter , and her goofy boyfriend not so quickly catch on to the unfolding hijinks . Problems start when the daughter 's dog disappears under mysterious circumstances , a local man stumbles into a bar in a terrible state , and the scientist finds some blood that reproduces itself at an amazing rate . Meanwhile , the blood farmers spend their time pumping blood out of bodies with some sort of Rube Goldberg contraption and yucking it up over their slumbering monarch . Eventually , the scientist and his assistant meet up with a professor at the local university who seems to know a lot more about the strange events in Jefferson Valley than he is willing to let on about . `` Invasion of the Blood Farmers '' does n't conclude as much as it judders to a halt when the scientist , with daughter and boyfriend in tow , locks horns with the druids during the resurrection ritual at the end of the film.Just in case you get bored with the idea of a sleeping druid , some guy referred to as Creton -LRB- more like Cretin -RRB- pops up from time to time to help move the film along . This chap , who overacts with a ferocity rarely witnessed in any form of cinematic expression , is a true find for the bad film fan . He whines , he gesticulates , he commands , he violates every known rule of acting ; this is a man who knows his limitations but simply does n't care . You wo n't , either , after witnessing his histrionic performance . I really should n't pick on Creton since none of the performances in the film are worth mentioning except in tones of absolute derision . I found the guy who played the scientist especially annoying . At the end of the film , the man does something very kind for his daughter and then LAUGHS AND LAUGHS in a very disturbing manner . What is he laughing about and why is he laughing so hard ? Who knows , but that scene alone provides all the shocks you 'll get out of this film.Nothing works in `` Invasion , '' absolutely nothing unless you count utter badness as a virtue . The cinematography resembles a style used in atrocity footage , and the film stock is in such bad shape that it looks like the director shot his movie in psychedelic-vision . Large chunks of the movie fade in and out amidst oceans of grain and haze , colors suddenly turn wacky , and the scenes look as though director Ed Adlum spliced them together with a chainsaw . And the special effects ! Ha ! What did they use for blood , a fizzy fruit drink ? I 'm not even going to excavate the mountain of continuity errors and just plain dumb dialogue in the film . To do so would simply take too long and require more energy than I am capable of at this point . `` Invasion '' will stupefy you with its dazzling array of banalities , overwhelm you with its sublime stupidity . Forget `` Gigli '' folks ; `` Invasion of the Blood Farmers '' is the archetype of garbage cinema.The DVD is odd for such a bad movie . There 's a big windup from Fred Olen Ray before the movie even starts . Ray 's directed plenty of bad movies in his own right , so his presence here is at the least appropriate and at the most annoying . Freddie and some floozies perform a few lame sketches in an effort to get you to send in a card enclosed with the DVD . Skip past this junk to get right to the gold
 I am a movie buff and have seen thousands of movies in my 71 years , but this film was one of the worst I have ever had the displeasure to watch . Story line is terrible . The main character seems to be either walking the streets or sitting in a diner . What a waste of acting talent!One star and that 's for the actors who showed up .
 Missing substance , a lot . No rational for the storyline with the end coming years after the start . I thought the parts well played , but too disjointed to follow . The 2 is because I rented this movie with greater expectations . Is this what happens when everyone does a great job , and there is a movie in there somewhere ? It just got lost .
 This movie is just plain awful . It was so bad that I could hardly pay any attention to it . It barely even had a storyline . It was completely boring . The only reason I even bothered to finish watching it is because James Franco is in it . Otherwise , I would n't have even finished it .
 Love the actress/comedian but it did n't hold my interest and I did not finish watching it . Too bad as I heard good things about it .
 The Office -LRB- US -RRB- was a remake of the Ricky Gervais short-lived comedy , the Office -LRB- UK -RRB- . It held on to -LRB- most -RRB- the integrity of the original show , though quickly dropping said comedic integrity in an effort to flesh out character relations instead of awkward situational humor . That said , Parks & Recreation is just a remake of the Office ; even the co-writer of the UK Office helped create it.P & R ; takes the mockumentary style of the Office , and takes away the wit , the well-crafted cringe-worthy awkwardness , and amazing cast . Amy Poehler was n't the most noteable of characters of SNL when she was on , nor has she pumped out anything buzz-worthy on the silverscreen . She plays the role alright , but seems to be trying to hard , much like the rest of the cast ; you can tell they 're acting , which is n't a pleasure to the viewer.The biggest positives about the show are Aziz Ansari and Rashida Jones . Aziz is one of the funniest men in comedy and stand-up , and I 'm truly excited to see him get more exposure . Rashida Jones , funny in her own right , is a grade-A cutie . Needless to say the only thing that keeps me watchin ' this show is a cute girl and a few quick quips from a fairly well-established standup comedian ... I 'd rather just watch YouTube videos of Aziz and Google image search Rashida .
 Not counting `` 30 Rock , '' which is the worst sitcom on TV and most overrated sitcom ever , `` Parks and Recreation '' is the second worst sitcom on TV today . Both of these shows have extremely low Nielsen ratings and have ruined NBC 's Comedy Thursday , however , they both have a small cult following . I do like Amy Poehler but she is totally wasted in this show but I love her in the movie `` Baby Mama . ''
 Not what we thought we were ordering . It was an okay play , but not that great . We could not get through the entire play .
 Tyler Perry 's Aunt Bam 's Place was okay to me . A bit too deep and not as funny as his other plays ! I have nothing against deep and meaningful messages , but I love to have my laughs with Tyler Perry 's plays , and this one wasnt as fuuny !
 The quality of the dvd was excellent , but that was not one of tyler 's best works . The movie was n't as funny as some of his other movies or plays .
 Ok . I never cared too much for Aunt Bam simply because she is soo freakin loud ! All the time ! Trying too darn hard to be funny ! I decided to be more open minded but that was an epic FAIL . I do n't know if I am just outgrowing stage plays but I am pretty sure it 's the character Aunt Bam throwing me off with her loudness . Not all black aunts are loud and obnoxious . Bring it down a couple notches .
 I get the point of the play but not good at all Tyler and I 'm a big fan but can I get my money back aunt ban was the best character in the play then you threw me for a loop with the white woman and black family
 THis product was listed as a different movie and we never watched it . It was listed incorrectly and we should not have been charged for it . We are Tyler Perry fans and we watched another Tyler Perry movie instead . we would appreciate some way to get the money back that we were charged for a movie that we did n't want or watch .
 I am a Tyler Perry fan , but this was his worst production . I was so disappointed after watching this . Well , Mr. Perry , you still have a fan in my three year old son . He loves `` Uncle Dea '' . Please let the next one be an improvement , still at TP fan .
 This is not one of Tyler Perry 's better plays . Although the message in the play is awesome , the total play itself is rather boring , it really needed an appearance by Madea . Aunt Bam is funny , but not funny enough to handle the entire play by herself . If I had saw this play from someone buying it first then I would n't have purchased it myself . If you are a parent and trying to send a message to your young teen about drugs , then this is a great teacher play but as far as entertainment , there are funny parts but overall you 'll be rather disappointed . Sorry Tyler .
 Although TP put together a brand new cast . He got singers who are mediocre actors instead of actors who can sing . If this was a opera musical where the actors sang for 2hrs ... My review would be different.The theme was under developed . Plot melodramatic . Actors lackluster . In essence `` Aunt Bam 's Place '' is ... WHACK ! However the non-actors made a decent attempt to be any good with what they had to work with in regards to the script.In conclusion `` Bam '' is a sidekick and should have stayed as such . Not worth her own show . This was thrown together to make money from DVD sales -LRB- genius btw -RRB- because this production did n't tour.I ca n't hate . Until TP has some competition this is what we get . Welp David E. Talbert is bringing it ... A great producer in his own right . Let 's give credit where credit it due , both men have different approaches . But one has moved away from the `` chitterling circuit '' while ... Oh gee did n't I say `` in conclusion '' like 2 paragraphs ago?Okay ... Done !
 One of the worst plays i 've ever seen . The story line was weak , as well as the punch lines . Honestly could n't wait for it to end .
 According to me , seeing how aunt Bam was in Madea 's big happy family -LRB- the play -RRB- , absolutely hilarious , this play was n't even near it . I really expected a lot more .
 I love Tyler , and Cassie . Cassie is great , but this Play did not allow her to showcase just how good she really is . The play was very intense and I was not expecting it to be that intense . It did not have that humor that Tyler other plays have . I felt like something was missing out of the play , it was not my favorite . As always I will support Tyler and Cassie . Hopefully they will come up with something else for BAM .
 I love Aunt Bam 's character . She is the perfect sidekick for Madea and Cassi Davis 's comedic timing is amazing , but not even her antics and humor can save this play . Its a little more dramatic and over-the-top than Tyler 's usual plays and while the singing is AMAZING , the script and subject of the play is weak and at times way less than entertaining . Hopefully Tyler will do Cassi Davis justice and write a play that is deserving of her skill and presence .
 I love Tyler Perry 's plays and movies , but this one was not good at all . I did n't even look at the entire play and I bought it ! This play just was n't good . I still love Tyler Perry I support him to the fullest . I have purchased every play and movie he has done and will continue to do so !! I just did n't like this one .
 Do n't get me wrong this play had a great message , but that was not enough for the amount the DVD cost . . Tyler really dropped the ball on this one . . It was beyond dry , a waste of time , & money . Do n't buy this DVD just borrow ...
 SAVE YOUR MONEY THIS IS THE WORST PLAY TYLER HAS PUT OUT , MAYBE HE IS TRYING TO DO TOO MANY THINGS AT ONE TIME . NEVERTHELESS THE MUSIC WAS GREAT , DO N't waste your money on this one , very disappointed
 I love Aunt Bam but this play is not cutting it . Horrible . Really , I say do n't bother purchasing it . It 's missing a lot . Each new actor/actress gets a shouting scene , in singing . The rest is just dry .
 Out of all of Tyler Perry 's movies , this one was a mess , and on top of that , I thought it was a movie not a play . Wanting a refund !
 Most times people will go to movies and plays to get away from life 's situations or drama 's , -LRB- not to be reminded of the troubles constantly facing them each and every day -RRB- . Maybe Tyler Perry was trying to deliver a message , but I think this message would have come across a little better in a movie vs. a play . That way when it is presented as a movie you will also get the rating , therefore you kinda know what to expect . I did n't think this play was funny at all , and I hope Tyler Perry was n't trying to convey a christian message , because these days in Tyler 's plays and/or movies there is no more christian values present . He said that he would not let Hollywood change him . What happened ?
 This movie was scary and I did not like it . Do better on this because it was not the best
 What can I say about Aunt Bam 's Place , like all of Tyler Perry 's movie they have a great message . Aunt Bam could have been a lot funnier , maybe she needed her sidekick my girl Hattie to help her out with the laughs .
 It 's okay to watch and appreciate this movie if you 're a beach volleyball fan , otherwise , you 'll have no clue as to what 's going on . Very interesting story about beach volleyball players though .
 Watched it on TV because I hung out on that beach for years and still play volleyball . The volleyball scenes were n't too good , edited to hide actors playing deficiencies no doubt . After this movie came out the AVP beach volleyball league went bankrupt . Was it the movie 's fault ?
 We did n't expect this to be a great movie , but we did expect it to be watchable . The volume was all over the place . Soft talking - turn the volume up . Next scene , way louder - turn the volume down . We finally turned it off about half way through.We love volley ball , but this film is just not worth the effort .
 While the acting in `` Canvas '' is first rate , the story suffers from a weak script . The first rule of drama is that the protagonist -LRB- the son in this case -RRB- must strive to change his circumstances and , in so doing , encounter and overcome ever increasing obstacles . The writer-director tosses out this rule and allows all difficulties to be overcome by almost magical coincidences without any effort or intent by the boy or even his father . It is a modern example of `` deus ex machina '' or `` machine of the gods '' plot resolution , that kills any possible empathy for the characters and any interest in the outcome.Marcia Gay Harden , whose performance in `` Mystic River '' is one of the most gut-wrenchingly moving I 've ever seen on screen , is under-utilized and limited by the script which paints her as a two-dimensional -LRB- at best -RRB- victim of scizophrenia . Again , the actors do the best with what they were given ; the problem is they just were n't given enough.For a far more powerful and watchable film on the effects of mental illness on a family , I 'd recommend `` Blue Sky . '' Jessica Lang and Tommy Lee Jones give standout performances and are supported by an excellent script .
 The only thing in the movie that was good was the young boy in the movie has acting talent . The story was horrible , unreal , unreasonable , and just plan not believable . The sad thing is the nature of the mother 's illness and its `` realistic '' impact on a family could have been a good dramatic story . This story was just so unreal .
 I am an adult , but I am a very involved parent so I get into what my two boys are into . We 've been fans of Bionicles for 5 years now . We collect all of the construction sets and have pretty much every one . We play the lame video games . My kids even do jobs around the house to earn money so that they can buy the older sets off of Ebay , which have been discontinued . The previous three movies were extraordinarily good and we watched them countless times as they were something that they loved and that I could appreciate because there was real production quality ; much like a Pixar production . I frequently marveled at all of the detail and the obvious passion that the production team put into these movies . To be honest , I enjoyed them as much as my kids ; they 're very entertaining and well crafted movies with great action , stories and tremendous production value.However , this one changes all that . It was as if they hired some cheapo production company to capitalize on the franchise 's potential to make a quick buck . Gone is the incredible character designs and wicked animations . Gone are the exciting action scenes . Gone is the great layout and cinematography . Gone is the solid voice acting . Gone is the excellent lighting effects . And most tragically , a complete thrashing of the tremendous quality in sound and score . These two areas where were the first 3 movies truly excelled . The scores in the first three movies were legitimate , well-crafted scores by a reputable Hollywood film composer . The score in this latest movie is so horribly bad and off the mark , it seemed as though it was thrown together by the director 's 15 year old cousin hacking and slashing his way through Garage Band for the first time . It 's really that bad.The sound effects are even worse . They 're just average , bland horse pucky which would be fine if this were a hackneyed Saturday morning cartoon , however the precedent set by the previous 3 movies makes the sound in this one an absolute crime . We watch these movies in our home theater and play them loud , so I used to really marvel at the sound work in the first 3 movies . It was really extraordinary . This one however , is so bad that these characters just are n't cool anymore . They 're wimpy and delicate sounding and that makes them less cool not only in my eyes but in both my kids . One thing that I really notice in movies is that you can make a bad animation good with good sound and music , but if you have bad sound and music with bad animation , it 's all just miserable , and this movie is exactly that
 It had been four years since I 'd seen the release of a new Bionicle movie . After waiting for what had seemed like forever , Bionicle gave me the fourth installment in its movie series , Bionicle
 Let it never be said that I am overly unfair in my reviews or that I am anything less than a true blue BIONICLE fan . I have followed the franchise quite eagerly since its inception in 2001 , when I was just an 11-year-old boy who happened to receive the first BIONICLE comic book packaged with the new issue of LEGO Magazine . I remember the 2003 release of Mask of Light quite fondly , and I still find the film rather enjoyable all these years later . 2004 's release of Legends of Metru Nui thrilled me even more , as I quickly discovered that Toa Lhikan is arguably the best character ever to appear in BIONICLE canon . 2005 's release of the last movie , Web of Shadows , was also highly enjoyable , as the series took a nice dark turn . I eagerly anticipated the release of the next movie , but it never came until now.I suppose my first warning sign should have been when I looked at the back of the box and saw the logo of some no-name studio I 'd never heard of in place of the familiar Miramax logo , but I did n't care too much ; I popped the DVD into my laptop and sat down to watch.The first few minutes of the film are actually acceptable ; everything shown before Mata Nui gets exiled from his own body is roughly on par in terms of animation quality and writing with the previous Miramax films . Mata Nui 's arrival on Bara Magna is similarly nice , right up until he finishes making a body for himself , at which point the film moves down from `` acceptable '' into `` mediocre '' and does n't stop moving down until it reaches the end , which I would give a name except it would likely result in me being banned from all civilized conversation for a period of no less than five years . Michael Dorn , who voices Mata Nui , did a reasonable job during the intro voice-over , but unfortunately seems to be trying to play the character using a voice that suggests a horribly-done combination of Dan Green and Peter Cullen.At first I thought I 'd merely have to deal with an poorly-acted main protagonist , so I was n't too worried , but then more characters were introduced and I realized that I was dealing with a poorly-acted film . `` This has to be a record , '' I thought . `` I do n't think I 've ever seen a movie that I desperately wanted to end after watching only the first ten minutes . `` The film appears to suffer from poor voice acting all around , but I 'm not entirely sure that 's a fair accusation , because voice acting can only be so good when you 're forced to read some of the blandest and most unnatural dialogue imaginable . Arguably the best voice acting in the film comes from the characters who are actually supposed to be annoying
 As a huge fan of Bionicle I have been looking forward to this movie for ages . Unfortunately it blows on so many levels . The voice work is pretty cool but the actors are dealing with such cliched material that they can only take it so far . The camera work , as mentioned by another review here , is ordinary . Like the director fell asleep at key points during the shoot . The art and design is really cool in parts but what 's with the crappy opening ? A really poor finale for what has been a great series .
 This review will be a critique of the movie , for those unfamiliar with Christmas Town . Those of you who love the movie , will probably love the DVD , although it 's presented as a barebones release with no real special features . The uninitiated , who are searching for a new Christmas classic , can continue searching elsewhere . I have to agree with the other reviewers . This movie is pretty bad . Not in a so-bad-it 's - good sense ... just plain bad . It 's not the worst film ever made , but the story , casting , acting , and even the filming locations are all lackluster.The story revolves around a ten year old boy named Mason and his workaholic mother who take a trip to visit the boy 's Grandfather in a Christmas themed town . The town houses NP -LRB- North Pole -RRB- Enterprises , which turns out to be a distribution center for the real Santa Claus -LRB- bet you did n't see that one coming -RRB- . The town is also home to the local restaurant owner , who is , of course , the love interest for our single Mother -LRB- bet you did n't see that one coming either -RRB- . The movie plays out as your typical Lifetime Movie Network feature , with all the usual predictable drama and romance . However , about 3/4 of the way through , the movie takes a bizarre turn , as Mason infiltrates Santa 's NP Enterprises compound . The tone of the movie completely changes , and becomes comedic -LRB- although the term `` stupid '' would be a better descriptor -RRB- . After about 15 minutes , the tone of the movie shifts back to drama . The comedic part seems almost surreal , and does n't mesh well with the overall flow of the rest of the feature.The real problem with this story is that the characters do n't really grow over the course of the film . The Mother starts off as a self-centered workaholic , and ends up pretty much the same . The romance between her and the strapping young restaurateur barely even gets off the ground . Her son is an obnoxious character as well . Throughout the movie , he repeatedly does the same four things
 The acting is absolutely terrible , and the Mom changes her opinion much too fast , even after the horrible people she has to deal with at NP Enterprises . Save your time . This movie sucks , and the ending is completely bad .
 It is so so cheesy . If you want to gather your family to see a fun movie to get you in the mood of Christmas then do not waste your precious time on this movie.They try to make you think the good people are bad and creepy , , then at the end , , , here is the big surprise ! they were not bad after all . . . . the mom did not believe in Christmas or Santa , , , the kid did . . The kid will do his best to convince mom that Santa is real !! the acting was not that great as well . I am glad I watched it before I get all the family together .
 From the casting to the sets , to the acting and beyond ; this movie is really , really , really bad . Do not under any circumstance waste your time with this .
 It 's been said before , but the boy is soooo obnoxious . He runs off and disobeys his mother through out the movie . It seems insane that a wealthy banker would become a short order cook in a dive diner . The auto mechanic is rude , and the setting is like any other small town with touristy looking people in shorts . It is not what I picture as `` Christmas Town '' , as it looks like it 's 75 degrees outside . Someone told Patrick Muldoon that it 's cute to not ever comb your hair . I had to look away ...
 Okay , somebody owed somebody a BIG favor in order to get this movie made !!! This movie is beyond `` terrible '' . The mother was self-centered ; her son was a brat & needed a haircut . He kept wandering away from his mother , exploring on his own -LRB- not a good thing for young kids to watch -RRB- . And Patrick Muldoon -LRB- such a cutie in `` A Boyfriend For Christmas -RRB- was totally unwatchable . What is a Christmas movie without snow ? There was none anywhere . Acting was very bad . The producers owe me a star ; as this movie does n't deserve even one .
 Setting aside the bad sets and the retread over 15 min . of the main plot points -LRB- Yes , we get it , she works a lot -RRB- . The child actor they hired for this was ridiculous . They had a kid who looked older , say 12 , acting in ways that would have been forgivable for maybe a 6 year old . I do n't know if the kid they cast is that way or if the director has no children , has no neices or nephews and possibly has never met a child in their lives , because after 15 minutes of his whining we were going to turn it off , and only kept watching because it was so bad it became fun to make fun of.Also , one thing that always makes me suspicious of some reviews , are when the people who have given a movie 5 stars have never reviewed another movie on Amazon . Sounds like somebody got a friend to write a review for them . Seriously , there are some wonderful Christmas films out there , and there are some very decent made for TV movies . This just is n't one of them .
 My favorite show . Great plots , setting . EXCELLENT ACTING . Writing this season has gone over the top for Gore . I really do n't need to see the blood - caked head repeatedly . My wife and son now refuse to watch future episodes with me . Thank you very little .
 am a fan of the original five-0 and this show is a joke to the standards of the old show of the 1970 's . The old series had no lingering story lines but for Wo Fat , each episode was a stand alone gem . The men of Five-o dressed in suits and were classy , these new guys dress like bums , like they just walked into a bar on a Friday night . The musical score in the new series is loud , over the top and often just out of place with the content of the scenes . The editing is fast in your face , made for a child with ADD . The actors all look pretty much the same , no great character distinctions here . This new show is just bad .
 It was hard for me to follow . I 'm not familiar yet with the actors . Not sure who the bad guys were.There was plenty of action though . Maybe too much for one episode .
 I live in Hawaii . Family has been around here awhile . This show misses the entire beat of the islands , instead focusing on a Hollywoodization that trivializes the real issues and excitement inherent in the place and replaces them with worn out tropes aimed at hitting the tweener neener market . It 's sad , because the place is actually far more interesting than the show implies .
 Come on CBS ! Bringing back Steve 's dead mother back to life is just unrealistic and unbelievable ! You better fix te storyline this season or you 're gon na lose me as a viewer !
 This was a show I really wanted to succeed since I really liked the cast but poor writing , really impossible situations that were never explained and then the Pro-Gun Control rant -LRB- which served no purpose for the show -RRB- just ended it for me . When you allow poor writers to inject their political views into a script for no reason other than letting them air their political tendencies I give up ! Maybe they should bring back Moonlight since this show may survive this season but in the long run it is gone .
 I bought this episode which aired on 10/1/12 the day after the FCC said the new shows must have closed captioning . There are no closed captioning !! Amazon promised it would comply with the new FCC regulations but appraently it lied . What a waste of money.I ca n't the show itself only the streaming video . -LRB- I like the show but impossible to rate without closed captioning . -RRB-
 BORING is the word that most appropriately describes this atrocity . The major ` sin ' in any horror movie this one parades it around like few I 've ever seen . These video makers were n't even trying . The kill count is lower than any horror movie I 've seen in quite some time and the supposed kills that do happen are ALL OFF-SCREEN ! The video is muddy and impossible to see in most scenes -LRB- looks like a VHS camcorder in dark wooded scenes with NO lighting around -RRB- but maybe that 's a plus . The character scenes are loooong and dull with seemingly endless lines of small talk . When the ending came I just sat there staring at the -LRB- dis -RRB- credits thinking
 This movie is not worth your time . If you are hoping for an accurate portrayal of the amazing Lewis and Clark expedition and the courageous young Sacagawea , this is not for you . If you want to see Hollywood revisionism at its worst , then it is . To list some of the inaccuracies :1 -RRB- There was never any romantic love triangle between Lewis and Clark with Sacagewea . While they truly respected her and her help was invaluable , Sacagawea was a -RRB- married to the trapper Charbonneau b -RRB- pregnant when they met her and with a baby the rest of the trip and c -RRB- an actual Indian -LRB- Shoshone -- at least they got that right -RRB- , not a blue-eyed Donna Reed in grease paint . Lewis and Clark were best friends before , during and after the expedition . There is no record of them ever even arguing with each other during this difficult trip .2 -RRB- The Indian ambush portrayed in the middle of the movie by the Mandan and the Hidatsa never happened . In fact , there were only two hostile actions from Indians during the trip . The first was a narrowly averted battle with the Teton Sioux who were known to demand tribute for travelers on the Missouri . The second was a brief clash with a group of Blackfoot Indians where two Blackfeet were killed . In fact only one American man was lost during the expedition and that was due to natural causes .3 -RRB- Charbonneau was not scheming with the Indians . He was a fairly well-liked cook and received a hefty payment of $ 500 when the expedition was over with . Sacagewea stayed with him for the rest of her life -LRB- most accounts place her death in 1812 although there is a legend that she lived to be 100 years old . -RRB- At Sacagawea 's request , Clark did take and raise her son after the expedition but never had contact with her again that we know of .4 -RRB- Sacagawea did not speak English .5 -RRB- Sacagawea made no trip to the White House and never would have called it the `` White House . `` Why the writers felt they had to embroider this truly extraordinary trip is beyond me . Add this to a particularly dull plot and wooden acting by a cast of otherwise fine actors -LRB- even Charlton Heston could n't save this one -RRB- and you have no reason at all to wast time or money on this dud .
 Lewis and Clark are rolling in their graves at this movie . It bares almost no resemblance to the actual trip . It would take too long to list all the factual mistakes . In addition , 3 pretty good actors gave the worst performances of their careers . Watch this only if you want a good laugh .
 It is quite interesting to view an old Hollywood version of the corps of discovery.The historical truth is far from being respected , the Native Americans speak beautiful english , Lewis and Clark are rival lovers ... still , the film is worth viewing if you want to compare the story line with that of the real trail blazer 's story .
 Apparently , the screenwriters thought an expedition that resulted in no battle casualties and no real fights with the indians was not sufficiently dramatic . So they larded the story up with romantic nonsense between Clark and Sacajawea -LRB- and a non-existent love triangle among Lewis , Clark and Julia `` Judith '' Hancock -RRB- . For good measure , they threw in two pitched battles with indians . None of this ever took place.I think the story of the Lewis and Clark expedition is exciting enough to be told accurately . Someone should develop a new movie of the Lewis and Clark expedition , one that tells the story straight .
 I saw him live in 1987 when he was hot and hoped this would be a great reminder of his hilarious sense of humor and delivery but it was far too short -LRB- only 45 minutes -RRB- and only had a couple of good routines . My hopes were higher than what this delivered ! The bonus material was taken from Vegas when he was near the end and it really was not very funny . I would recommend looking at another DVD of his rather than purhcase this one .
 I bought this DVD and the `` Sam Kinison - Why Did We Laugh '' DVD and the `` Why '' DVD is much better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- . It includes interviews from other actors/comedians and all the best footage from the `` Breaking Rules '' DVD . Plus cuts out all the homophobe/AIDS material which crossed the line . You only need the `` Why Did We Laugh '' DVD -- it 's an excellent tribute and very funny .
 Too bad , this was the reason for all of my order , but more then two months later I am still waiting for this dvd . I am waiting every day ... but nothing .
 The movie itself is n't that bad . It 's what i expected , which was n't much . I 'm not a big fan of horror films since they almost never scare me or even give me the type of thrill that a horror movie should . So this was typical in that regard.Obviously the premise is a stretch , but that 's the fun of movies . She is blind and gets a cornea transplant to restore her vision , but the donor of the cornea 's could `` see dead people '' . Ahem.That 's fine for make-believe stories and entertainment , but the DVD has a featurette with `` experts '' -LRB- can you really be an expert in make-believe ? -RRB- talking about how `` everybody is psychic '' and `` phenotype to genotype information transfer is possible . `` The last quote is from somebody with `` doctor '' in their title . An actual doctor said that . doubleyou-tee-eff ? That whole featurette is nonsense and pseudoscience . It was incredibly irresponsible to produce that and include it on a dvd that will end up in the hands of people that are n't even going to look up anything about genetics and see that phenotype-to-genotype transfer is impossible.Lion 's Gate should be ashamed .
 Wow . Although I do think there have been a few good remakes of Asian films , this certainly is not one of them . I admit , I do love the Pang Brothers and have their versions of The Eye , The Eye 2 and even The Eye 10 -LRB- an inside joke , but well worth seeing -RRB- . This version of The Eye is just not very good . It falls into the category of the ones that should not have been remade for they now are so bad , many will not see the original great work of art . This , I believe was my first Jessica Alba movie , and will most likely be the last . Most of the acting in this was sub-par and then some . The only good actor of the bunch was the cancer patient -LRB- also played well in the original -RRB- . Anyway , I hope this helps some people decide , and I highly recommend the original , as it is SO MUCH BETTER . IT 'S ACTUALLY A GREAT MOVIE . NOT LIKE THIS JUNK .
 I was a big fan of the unnerving and creepy Asian original , and was curious how well it would translate into an American film . When compared to the first , this version seems unusually light and devoid of suspense . Jessica Alba certainly has the star power and eye candy going for her as Sydney , the lead character who was tragically blinded at age five , but her range is limited and her ability to express anything beyond a mild surprise is annoyingly ineffective . When Sydney undergoes a cornea transplant and first sees light and shapes for the first time in decades , her response is tepid , at best , and nonchalant , leading one to believe the scene is little more than an afterthought so the movie can begin.Once Sydney begins to regain her sight , she discovers she is able to see dead people and characters that snatch up the recently deceased and take them to whatever realm they belong -LRB- they do have a bit of shock value at first , but it fades , and there is no other explanation -RRB- . This comes from the donor of the cornea , who herself was able to see the dead . Sydney remarkably and without any surprise or revelation regains her vision without any since of wonder whatsoever , leaving us absent any real sense of any newfound discovery . Her visions eventually lead her to Mexico , along with her therapist , where she confronts the source of her hauntings -LRB- I 'll be intentionally vague , but it 's not as interesting as it sounds -RRB- . A gooey ending is followed by a bubble gum pop song while the credits roll , a testament to the movie 's apparent desire to please thirteen year old girls and avoid any real chills or tension.I remember explicitly a scene in the original film where the lead character is trapped in a moving elevator while a spirit slowly , and with a great sense of dread , hovers just out of her line of sight . The scene is shot with great skill , using camera angles , actress expressions , and lighting to effectively express a sense of terror . This film lacks any of that , and fails to truly create much tension between Sydney and her ghostly apparitions . While there is little CGI effects -LRB- no harm there -RRB- the use of light and shadows to create suspense is oddly absent after the first third of the film.Disappointment sums up my thoughts on `` The Eye '' and I 'll stick with a recommendation for the original . This acts more like a TV movie than it does a theater experience , which does make it appropriate for a rental .
 Jessica Alba , I am not a fan . Asian remakes , they 've become a little redundant and are definitely losing their quality as opposed to the actual films that are being remade . Stories that could be told so much better on film than they actually were because of restrictions such as rating or actors , please stop.So why did I even bother viewing The Eye ? Because I hoped that there would be some saving grace , even a miniscule bit of saving grace . There was . The story is very interesting , and there are a few bits where it grabbed my attention . It did n't hold it for long . What mainly grabbed me was the story of the donor , and Alba 's character to discover the donor 's origins . I 'm fans of Parker Posey and Alessandro Nivola , and to see them was nice although Parker Posey had maybe a mere 5-6 minutes of screen time . Visually , the film looked crisp and the colors used were great.Aside from that , there was n't much to hold onto . The scares were minimal , and pretty noneffective . None of the characters aside from the donor and Alessandro 's effected me . Most of the exposition fell flat . And I do n't connect with Jessica Alba.In the string of these asian remakes , The Eye sits low on the list of them for me . It may sit at the bottom . As far as movies go , it does n't sit anywhere on my list .
 When one would see the previews you would think that `` The Eye '' is a scary film . However , this is not the case ! `` The Eye '' is not scary at all , which is probably because the plot is not interesting enough to even care what is going on . `` The Eye '' is about Sydney Wells -LRB- Jessica Alba -RRB- who has been blind since an early life tragedy . She has a great passion for music , which fuels her desire to be able to see music , not just hear it . Sydney decides to get a double corneal transplant , which restores her sight . While she is recovering from the operation , she starts seeing things that are not there . After this becomes a reoccurring factor , she believes that her donor could see into a different world . `` The Eye '' never really held my interest at any point in the film . The film is either scary or interesting at any level .
 What an absolutely horrid film . There are a few startling points , but hardly a horror movie . It wreaks of 6th sense gone b-list .
 I 've talked to a number of people who have really ragged on actress Jessica Alba . They claim that she has no talent whatsoever , that she is nothing more than a pretty face . Well she is that but I think there is more beneath that is not seen often enough . Unfortunately it 's also not seen here in THE EYE.Alba stars as Sydney Wells , a blind concert violinists who is about to have her world completely changed . A donor has been found and replacement eye surgery puts her next in line to receive the gift of vision.While we are first exposed to her world of sightlessness , as most movies concerning blind characters that suddenly see , the majority of the film deals with what happens after she receives sight . When she wakes in the hospital , she sees things . Since she 's never seen before -LRB- or at least since she was a child -RRB- she 's not sure if these images are normal or something else.With the aid of Dr. Paul Faulkner -LRB- Alessandra Nivola -RRB- , a doctor whose job it is to help patients like these adjusts to life with sight , Sydney discusses the visions she begins having . Not only is her focus coming in when it comes to those around her , she keeps seeing a dark figures as well . These later adjust to become more than mere shadow figures but horrific images that resemble more nightmares than dreams.Determined to find out just what is causing these visions , Sydney decides to discover whose eyes she was given . The path of the film to this point is long and tedious . At times you feel like you 'll never get here . But we do and that is when we find that Sydney 's eyes came from a young Mexican woman who was branded as a witch by the local villagers.It sis while on a trip to see her family and to get to know more about her that Sydney has her most vivid sight ever , seeing the images of hundreds being carried off by these dark characters she has been seeing . Can she discover just what it is that she is seeing , what it is she is supposed to do?This movie offers very little in the way of entertainment . The plot seems to move along at a snails pace , feeling a bit redundant at times . The acting is fine and lacks no where , but when the script moves along like this , nothing can save it.Having seen the original film that this was based on , 2002 's Chinese film THE EYE , it was hard not to compare the two films . Fortunately it 's been a while since I saw that one and I did n't feel like I was referring back and forth between the two . I will say that the original held my interests more and built suspense and mystery than this production though.Hollywood seems to have given up on creating new horror , relying more on remakes of horror favorites -LRB- even FRIDAY THE 13TH is being remade as I write -RRB- and of oriental films like this one or THE GRUDGE and THE RING . Its fine to turn these foreign films into something more English speaking people will see , but if you choose to do so , why not honor the original instead of picking a few scarps of meat from the bones to be content with.Yes , THE EYE is not a movie I could recommend whole heartedly to rent or purchase . But , as this article began , it does not mean that Jessica Alba is a terrible actress . Even some of the best actresses ever were hindered with bad scripts and bad directing . Let 's just hope that Alba recovers from this one and move forward .
 Some of you may have read my review for the original asian version of `` The Eye '' so you most likely know where I stand with that mostly plotless bore . So as for this American remake all I can say is `` ZZZ!ZZZ '' . Yeah this was n't anymore exciting than the original ! I do n't completely know what the differences are between the 2 versions , but I will say that while this movie version is considerably better written , better acted , and possessing a little more character development than the original it still just proves way too bland . It 's a bitter enough pill that gorgeous and incredibly hot Jessica Alba never gets naked EVER nor does she have any love interest in the movie . But to make matters worse the story was this same bland plot with a beautiful blind violinist girl getting to see again from a cornea transplant only to have visions of her dark past . I mean what it is that anybody thought would be interesting about a dull plotline like that is beyond me ! And it still ends the same stupid way as the original . I wo n't give away what the ending was that much but only I will say that after Jessica Alba saves the people from a gas tanker explosion during a traffic jam why then would n't she instead be getting used to seeing as well as having no further flashbacks about the donors incident in the past . That would have been a better turn out . If you read my other review for the original the said `` incident '' is not any different really . Oh and by the way it would have been nice if they had gotten rid of that annoying little boy ghost who keeps asking for his report card . Oh Please !! And is it so much to ask that they actually bothered to explain how having the supposed cursed girls corneas helped the main character in either version to see the dead !! In closing this movie is bland , pointless , dull and unintersting and just plain unrelatable .
 This incredibly dull sleeper had almost no plot and wooden performances . Jessica Alba 's performance was boring , expressionless and a bit precious . The movie only has one good scene - towards the end - when it explains the reason for the events . Avoid this badly paced , poorly written snoozer .
 HUGE SPOILER ALERT !!! ~ ~ ~ Do Not Read This Review If You Have Not Seen The Movie !!! I stumbled upon this movie on cable TV having not seen it from the beginning . My first thought was this effort is clearly an EYE CANDY movie for Jessica Alba fans because she is young and pretty and apparently single , `` in this movie . '' But on the whole , I have 10 good reasons to support the title of this review : Check out what we are treated to in THE EYE : -LSB- 1 -RSB- SCREAM
 `` The Eye '' tries to utilize the same formula as `` The Ring '' and a slew of other movies of the same type of genre . These Japanese translated into American versions of `` horror films '' is redundant at this point , because none of them are delivering what they so desperately want , which is cover your eyes gasping terror . I do n't know who they are marketing these films to , horror fans ? Well try again , there are too many good horror films that have all the suspense and blood and guts you can handle to even take ` The Eye '' seriously . `` The Eye '' was too busy trying to make each scene look pretty , and the story was borderline interesting . But after seeing trash like `` The Grudge '' 1 and 2 , all of the novelties of this amatuer scare tactic type suspense thriller does n't work . It 's not creepy , it 's not disturbing , it 's not horrific , it 's childish . This is yet another one that I could n't sit through , I actually had to force myself to even watch half of it . I 'll stick to `` The Ring '' , Naomi Watts rules !
 This must be the latest movie making trend . Back in the sixty 's they made a lot of cheap Clint Eastwood spaghetti westerns that made money . Little did the public know that the stories were borrowed from Japan?Now someone is trying pitifully to recreate the success of the Eastwood films with such films a `` Dark Water '' a remake of `` Honogurai mizu no soko kara '' . Evidently they did not learn their lesson as now we have `` The Eye '' a cheep remake of the Hong Kong film `` Jian Gui '' . When will they ever learn?Yes it is the standard formula artist gets a new set of eyes that contain the memory of the donor . Now she sees dead people and must decipher the reason.This has been done a lot better many times before . And I am sure this is not the last time . The film passes time but has no great insight . To make it scary they turn the volume up 10 times the voice level and for Blu-ray lovers they have lots of flashy things . Somehow I do not remember her getting her eardrums fixed also ; so how come she can hear dead people as well?Jessica Alba is cute and plays her part well . But not well enough to stop the fast forward button from being pressed.Eyes of Laura Mars Starring
 Although it has the sexy beautiful Jessica Alba , it 's boring , and dull . Alba plays Sydney Wells , a classical violinist who has been blind as a bat since she was 5 . She has a cornea transplant , and now she can see again . She begins to see visions of fire and people dying . I did n't really like the ending . I probably would n't recommend THE EYE !!!
 No insult to the lovely Jessica Alba but after viewing this , she is not ready for any lead roles yet . The movie was basically generic , the acting was sub par and the movie did not have that horror movie feel to it . There was no suspense and the only frightening thing was that I purchased the movie new . The plot was thin and so was the pacing of the entire film . You do n't care for any of the characters and trust me ; I have been watching and collecting horror movies for years . This one stinks , badly . Hollywood needs to stop butchering Asian films . If you never seen the Ring , put this movie down and watch the Ring instead . Alba could have learned a few pointers from Mrs. Watts .
 Some people can not leave well enough alone . This movie is a perfect example of that , and the hubris it takes to tinker with someone else 's work -LRB- with the intention of improving it ? -RRB- . This update of the Pang Brothers ' film The Eye is anything but an improvement . It takes ` some ' of the elements in the original movie and summarily ruins their intent , turning key scenes into sight gags , minimizing their impact . It was a shocking display of incompetence . This is the work of vandals , not filmmakers ! They did n't get anything right . Where the original was poetic and touching , this sham of a remake was noisy , brash , and not a little stupid . It did n't help that lead actress went from Wonder Woman to an overwrought neurotic ninny in the blink of an eye . -LRB- Not for nothing was Jessica Alba nominated for a Razzie for worst actress of the year . -RRB- Her doctor -LRB- misplayed by Alessandro Nivola -RRB- was n't much better . Nivola managed to turn his sympathetic , caring character into a nasty , angry skeptic ! It defeated the whole purpose of their relationship.This was a complete misfire on all levels ; a totally unnecessary remake . Not a keeper.And in case there is any doubt , no , I did n't like it .
 Do not waste you money on this movie it is beyond bad ! I would n't even pay one dollar to rent it my time is worth more than what you will waste sitting through the entire thing . Sorry I purchased it .
 In `` The Eye , '' a remake of a Chinese movie from 2002 , Jessica Alba plays a blind woman who gets her sight back thanks to a successful cornea transplant . The only hitch is that with her new eyes - which were donated by a young lady with psychic powers - comes the unasked-for ability to see into the spirit world and predict the future . `` The Eye '' might have been an interesting film had it focused solely on how a once-blind girl learns to adjust to life in a suddenly sighted world . Instead , we 're subjected to an inane , gimmicky thriller in which the heroine improbably manages to run across either a dead person or someone doomed to die just about every time she turns a corner.There 's no end of point-of-view shots in which ghouls jump out and yell `` Boo ! '' at the audience , but the whole thing is about as scary as a youngster dressed in a bedsheet doing the same thing on Halloween .
 The Eye is the latest American remake of an Asian horror film , this time of the Hong Kong produced film of the same name . The general theme of nearly all of these Americanized remakes is stick with the original ! I know ... some of you do n't like to read subtitles but in the case of this film , the original is vastly better . Jessica Alba continues to get starring roles without demonstrating any particular skill at acting and she 's no better here.She plays a blind concert violinist named Sydney Wells who undergoes cornea transplant surgery to restore her sight . The operation proves to be successful but soon after , Syndey begins experiencing horrific visions . At first she thinks these are just nightmares and tries to pass them off but she soon becomes convinced that she 's seeing things that the cornea donor saw . Her Doctor -LRB- Nivola -RRB- thinks it 's merely stress from dealing with the new sensations of her restored sight.Sydney continues to `` see dead people '' although why her eyes also allow her to HEAR dead people remains a mystery of the film . The visions are mostly those fleeting glimpses designed to make you jump in your seat although they never amount to any prolonged tension . Sydney is determined to find out who the donor is and what message they are trying to send with the visions . While she will learn that donor had a sort of precognitive power to see people 's deaths and attempt to prevent them . This , however , does n't explain why Sydney would see the ghost of a little boy in her building who is looking for his report card nor the ghost of the little girl in the hospital who died of cancer . It 's just one of the many senseless continuity gaffes in `` The Eye '' . Sydney is also able to see mysterious shadow creatures , which seemingly escort dead spirits off to wherever . These creatures appear to be evil so are they devils ? They do n't like that Sydney can see them but that plot twist goes virtually untapped.Alba is easy on the eyes -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- but she lacks any presence or charisma in this role . The only real strength of her performance was her emotions and struggles as a formerly blind person who is able to see for the first time in decades . As tedious as Alba was , her co-star Alessandro Nivola is even more boring . He defiantly tells Sydney that he could ruin his career if he reveals who the donor is ... and then he goes and steals the file anyway.The Eye freely borrows clich&eacute;s from just about every other J-Horror film that 's been made in the last decade but none of them are exciting enough to save this film . Sydney may have had her eyes opened in the film but she 'll make ours close tightly.ExtrasThe Eye comes on two discs although the second disc features just a digital copy of the film that you can load on your PC or iPod . The first disc includes four featuettes : `` Shadow World
 Some of the American remakes of Asian horror films are worthy of our time and some are not . For instance , the American version of The Ring -- with the exception of the incompetently directed , terribly acted initial 10 minutes or so -- is actually better than the Japanese version , and a very good ghost story in its own right . The American version of The Grudge is also quite effective as a horror movie . As for The Eye , you 're much better off watching the original Pang brothers ' Chinese version . For example
 Most of what I think about `` The Eye '' has already been said in the other reviews shown here.My gripe is mainly with Hollywood . They are completely OUT of fresh ideas for cinema . The well has run dry , and now they 're trying to dip into the wells of their neighbors . What I mean by that is the latest trend of ripping off movie ideas from foreign cinema -LRB- much like Bollywood rips of Amercian films -RRB- . `` The Eye '' is the American remake of a similar Asian film that apparently did well in the eastern markets , so it 's got ta do well over here . Right?Wrong.What other cultures find amusing , scary , offensive , etc. is not necessarily how our culture feels about the same material -LRB- ever seen what Russians consider comedy ? Not funny at all ; but maybe that 's just me -RRB- . Anywho , to understand what I mean , watch any of John Woo 's Hong Kong action films -LRB- The Killer , Hard Boiled -RRB- and then watch his Hollywood features -LRB- Broken Arrow , Face/Off -RRB- . There is no comparsion . Woo 's Hong Kong films are gritty , real , down to earth , and in-your face . His Hollywood films are formulaic and prepackaged for the masses . That 's what happens when Hollywood gets its greedy little nubs on something.My whole point is , this film is predictable , formulaic , and rehashed . It 's not something we have n't seen before . Jessica Alba does OK with her role , but nothing award-winning to say the least.If you are in love with Alba and simply can not resist looking at her -LRB- who could blame you ? -RRB- , then this movie is definitely for you.If not , skip it and rent something else .
 It 's one of the worst horror movies I 've ever seen . There 's no suspense or horror . Jessica could not save it because there 's nothing for her to work on . It 's very much like a bad B-movie .
 So many questions here
 This must be the latest movie making trend . Back in the sixty 's they made a lot of cheap Clint Eastwood spaghetti westerns that made money . Little did the public know that the stories were borrowed from Japan?Now someone is trying pitifully to recreate the success of the Eastwood films with such films a `` Dark Water '' a remake of `` Honogurai mizu no soko kara '' . Evidently they did not learn their lesson as now we have `` The Eye '' a cheep remake of the Hong Kong film `` Jian Gui '' . When will they ever learn?Yes it is the standard formula artist gets a new set of eyes that contain the memory of the donor . Now she sees dead people and must decipher the reason.This has been done a lot better many times before . And I am sure this is not the last time . The film passes time but has no great insight . To make it scary they turn the volume up 10 times the voice level and for Blu-ray lovers they have lots of flashy things . Somehow I do not remember her getting her eardrums fixed also ; so how come she can hear dead people as well?Jessica Alba is cute and plays her part well . But not well enough to stop the fast forward button from being pressed .
 Hm , wonder where I 've seen this before ... someone who can `` see dead people '' ... and interact with ghosts ... What seemed to start out as a promising thriller rather quickly slipped downhill into a litany of cliches and questionable CGI effects . The premise of the story
 I had really wanted the full movie . There are bits and pieces of the movie which are cut out & I was very disappointed by this . Some are small parts , like Anil Kapoor speaking to the Inspector Sahib when Manav leaves the airport waiting area where Mansi and her sisters , in the theatre edition he turns to the Inspector and wants to know what kind of security allows a man to come in , and then leave again , without being stopped ? It 's a small part , but I bought the DVD because I wanted to see the full movie , otherwise I would have just watched it on YouTube .
 I expected a deep story that would bring insight to understanding the termols that define the culture and philosphy of a thrid world country . What I found was a common story dealing with the ordinary lives of gay men overpowering the wills of younger , and very poor , gay boys.I can accept a story of a gay lifestyle . It is common enough . But there was no effort to give the characters depth beyond identifying the adult as wealthy and the boys as poor and desperate to please . The senseless killing that highlighted these young men 's behavior brought no meaning to the story , expect to realize that death leads to death . And life goes on . I do not think that what was told in this film was any different than what might be told in New York , Paris or London . Filming the story in Medellin , Colombia may have given it cult status , but it failed to give it any meaning .
 A poorly made video -LRB- no , not a film -- it was shot on video -RRB- depicting an older man who meanders meaninglessly from boy to boy . The cover jacket suggested a different kind of movie , and I was shocked by the content . Also shocked by the cheapness of the production values . A serious waste of time , money , and videotape .
 This movie was DREADFUL . Poorly acted , filmed , edited , and scripted . Just AWFUL !
 I was forced to give it a star but it does not deserve any . It is slow and boring , the only time you stop yawning is to turn into disgust . It is a waste of time and a shame for the good Colombian movie makers .
 Wow . That 's basically all I can think of to say . Wow . Yeah , this is THE worst film that I 've ever seen . Actually , I 'm not even sure if I can classify it as such , because I could n't actually force myself to watch the whole thing . First of all , the movie looks like it was homemade . The film quality is like that of a soap opera , which , to tell the truth was almost more than I could handle in the first place -LRB- and very , very rarely is film quality something that I even think about when I watch a movie -RRB- . Secondly , as other reviewers have mentioned , the plot and the script are pathetic . I really can not express how horrible this movie was . Also , on a personal note , I was really bothered by the fact that the main character who appeared to be in his fifties or sixties has two `` deep '' romantic relationships with two boys who must be in their teens . I know that this might not bother anyone else , but personally it really grosses me out -LRB- because of the age difference -LRB- it 's be illegal in the US -RRB- not because they 're gay -RRB- . Anyway , that aside , the point is to avoid this movie at all costs
 I have read several reviews on this film and had seen that it had won numerous awards , but this was one of the worst films of 2000 . I am not sure what director Barbet Schroeder or screenwriter Fernando Vallejo were trying to accomplish with this film , but it just did n't happen . I understand that perhaps this was a piece of Fernando Vallejo -LRB- the screenwriters -RRB- life -LRB- see connection of names of Fernando Vallejo and Fernando in the film -RRB- , but it did n't make any sense . Coupled with the fact that this film was in another language , the overall themes were not brought at well at all.Let 's begin with the title . La Virgen de los Sicarios or Our Lady of the Assassins . This is what initially threw me off . I was expecting perhaps a story about assassins -LRB- see the title -RRB- , but that was not the case at all with this film . Alexis -LRB- the boy -RRB- does nothing more but shoot random people , then director Barbet attempts to make a very big leap with the connection that perhaps Alexis -LRB- the boy -RRB- is doing nothing more but killing the evil people in the world . He is perhaps doing the work of God himself -LRB- or herself -RRB- . That is a huge assumption , since we have nothing to base this on other than the fact that he kills some random gang members and almost a waitress that did nothing wrong but give them bad service . There is a religious theme in this film , but it is so faint that I had trouble seeing it . There are moments when the two travel to the churches only to find some inhabited by prostitutes and drug addicts . Oh , ca n't everyone see the heavy and deep symbolism happening here ?? Please , I have seen better moments watching crackers in soup.Next , there was the acting in the film , which nobody could do . I do n't know if this was everyone 's first film or what , but it seemed as if they were all reading their lines from cue cards and overdoing it . Perhaps it was the fact that it was in another language made the acting tough . When English is used , you can sometimes forget the actors and hear the words , this was not the case in this film . The use of Spanish only hurt the actors even more . I believed none of the characters . I could n't get into them at all , and I blame the actors for that . Fernando -LRB- the man -RRB- and Alexis -LRB- the boy -RRB- were the worst . They were supposed to be in love , but that emotion was lost in the first little bit of this film . I never once believed that they were lovers , and that was an important part of the film !! Who wrote this film ? I would like to read the three words they must have learned in Screenwriting School . I would also like to attend , because it seems as if you can graduate without learning anything . The line that sticks in my mind the most is when Alexis -LRB- the boy -RRB- is shot down Fernando -LRB- the man -RRB- takes him to the hospital trying to save him , but sadly Alexis -LRB- the boy -RRB- dies . The doctor comes out and simply says , `` Why did you bring a corpse here ? '' WHERE ELSE WOULD YOU TAKE IT ??? Come on people.Finally , perhaps the hardest part to get over , was the fact that this film was filmed in HD Video format . It just felt like there was an amateur behind the camera instead of a respected director . It also made the film seem more like a movie instead of a story . I was continually reminded that I was watching a movie and not really at that location ... that should never happen . Overall , this was a horrible movie that only proves that critics either love the big budget films , or that little films that apparently need no talent to make at all . I can hear them now , `` oh , it foreign and about gay people ... we have to love this one '' . It is truly a sad day when a film like La Virgen de los Sicarios wins any awards.Well , I am off to shed my tears now and watch something ... anything ... that is better !! Grade
 There is nothing in this film of redeeming value . There are no genuine relationships . There is no personal growth . There is no social worth -- indeed , no real community or society at all . One reviewer referred to this film as a depiction of the purgatory we are all headed for . I think it is more a depiction of the hell some are choosing . I choose otherwise . The film is sloppily made with unconvincing depictions of assassinations . The only characters I really liked were the taxi drivers . Do n't waste your time or your money . This film is NOT art . I gave this film zero stars -- not an option on the rating menu , but it should be .
 Althrough beautifully filmed and the soundtrack is mesmerizing , it is one of the most depressing movies I 've ever seen . It 's decadent , sad , and simply immoral . The film showed some of the darkest sides of humanity . Me and my friend are pretty open minded but we were very disturbed by the non-stop pointless shootings throughout the film as well as the decadent and perverse relationships . I wanted to leave in the middle of the film so bad but waited for a more comforting ending which never came . Months later , images of the story still gives me the creeps . If you have a heart and morals , this film wo n't fail to upset you .
 While the film itself is excellent , the DVD -LRB- and VHS version I presumed -RRB- version is not the same version in its theatrical release . They simply encoded the original digital video version and the `` film '' truly looks like a video on DVD/VHS . They should have telecined the film-transfer/35mm version which has the depth , color and grain of film . It 's much better to watch the print in a theater ...
 The point is definitely made in `` Our Lady of the Assassins '' , and for an American viewer unexposed to the violence and corruption in Colombia , this was definitely an eye-opener . Artistically , however , the film was very disappointing . The acting was mediocre at best , and the camera in it 's entirety does nothing for the film ... I would vehemently disagree with the reviewer that said that camera technique was similar to that of Amores Perros -LRB- a favorite of mine -RRB-
 This film is a big disappointment , in spite of a gifted director and an important and compelling subject . It is virtually plotless , clumsily put together and I 'm sorry to say just plain tedious-something it should never have been . The acting is nothing to write home about , mainly because the script is so feeble . The characters are poorly drawn and basically unlikeable.I could hardly believe this was the same film the critics had been praising so effusively . I found it hard to sit through , in fact , I nearly walked out , but instead hung on till the better end hoping for a glimpse of the masterpiece the critics had discerned.At the end , I remained distinctly underwhelmed .
 Wow , this was honestly one of the worst movies I have ever seen . And this is coming from someone who loves small foreign flicks , whose favorite movie is the similarly-themed City of God . Our Lady of the Assassins may not be the worst movie I have ever seen , but it certainly the most incompetent . I ca n't stress enough how bad this movie is . I kept watching out of sheer wonder that anything could be this terrible . This film fails on so many levels that it is hard to list , but I 'll give it a try : First , the acting is gawd-awful . The actors are all unprofessionals , and it shows . They stiffly recite unconvincing dialogue ; at every moment , we are aware that they are acting . Not once in the entire movie does it lose the feeling of a middle-school drama class . There is absolutely no romantic chemistry between the leads either ; its almost painful to watch.Oh , what next ? How about the plot ? Oh wait , there is no plot . The protagonists wander aimlessly throughout the city spouting nihilistic dialogue that would have felt stale in Waiting for Godot , all the while shooting random people . That 's it . The screenwriter mixes this bland existentialism with some of the most cheesy love lines ever set on film . Here 's a sample
 I 'm not one to shy away from violent films , but Mr. Schroeder succeeded in making me cringe with the cornucopia of violence in `` Our Lady ... '' Colombia is a pretty violent country , but the heartlessness that goes on in this film is beyond disturbing . Mr. Schroeder tries to suggest that in a world where life has very little value , violence is considered as normal as shaking someone 's hand . Colombia is not that vicious -- the people there are very respectful , and they do care about each other . This film makes no such suggestion -- only that every other person in Colombia has the propensity to kill another human being in the blink of an eye . German Jaramillo does a fine job playing the role of a gay writer who falls in love with a young boy , a ruthless assassin who kills members of a rival street gang at random . It 's a shame that Mr. Jaramillo 's talent is squandered in this filth . This film reeks of decadence . The main shooting gallery , where all the junkies get high , is located inside a church . Consider yourself forewarned .
 This film is a big disappointment , in spite of a gifted director and an important and compelling subject . It is virtually plotless , clumsily put together and I 'm sorry to say just plain tedious-something it should never have been . The acting is nothing to write home about , mainly because the script is so feeble . The characters are poorly drawn and basically unlikeable.I could hardly believe this was the same film the critics had been praising so effusively . I found it hard to sit through , in fact , I nearly walked out , but instead hung on till the better end hoping for a glimpse of the masterpiece the critics had discerned.At the end , I remained distinctly underwhelmed .
 This documentary has its moments , but overall is actually quite poor . The makers had great material to go on ... an intriguing story , new evidence , forensics , murder ... everything , but somewhere along the line they failed to make a good summary of the recent developements in Tutankhamun 's life and times . Here are some areas where they went wrong :1 . The narrator - he was awful , a man that sounded similar to Mr. Moviephone , with no intonation or excitement for the subject . A native Egyptian with an accent , or even someone who seemed to understand the material and care about it would be much better than this man who seemed fresh out of the US , as if he were narrating a football game . He says Tutankhamun 's wife 's name -LRB- which is said Ankhasunamun - Ahn-ka-soo-na-moon -RRB- Akenasamen ! He 's not just prenouncing it wrong , he 's adding and taking away letters that simply are n't in any of the versions of the name . It 's not the narrator 's fault , rather the script writers got that detail very wrong .2 . The reinactments of Tutankhamun and his life -LRB- with actors and sets -RRB- were horribly done , with the pharaoh wearing a crown that looked as if it were made of tinfoil , and a lot of mumbo-jumbo with him walking and gazing forlornly at his wife through a curtain of gauze . The only redeeming factor in the recreations were the chariot and war scenes that actually were quite good . Otherwise it was totally techno ... oftentimes the camera had blue or purple tints to it , showing the king walking in weird labyrinths of purple cloth , not in an EGYPTIAN palace where he would have been .3 . The images they showed - many of them they played over and over such as the pictures of Lord Carnarvon , and the recreations of Tutankhamun , using the same clips about 10 times . It got tedious .3 . It was too filled with conspiracy theories and conclusions based soley on guesswork . I myself , I 'm saying this with no ego , know very much about this period in history , and many `` facts '' they used were theories that have n't been proven and are somewhat unlikely . Some of them are down-right wrong
 I saw this movie yesterday . My , was I disappointed ! It was nothing more than the story of 5 friends who decided to go ski in a mountain range for a commercial . While there they accidentally filmed a wartime criminal who had previously feigned his death in a plane crash . It is often hard to follow the story , and the whole thing drags on ad infinitum . I hardly sleep at a movie ; I did while watching this tripe .75 % of the movie consisted of overjoyed men and women skiing all over the place . This is the only part that might appeal to teens who are into such things . If you saw the trailer , you would remember there was something about some terrorists who were trying to blow up the world ? That was addedd at the end -LRB- about 3 % of the movie -RRB- . It made very little sense.Overall , this movie was grossly misrepresented in the trailer . I gave it 1 star because I could n't do less . It is a complete waste of time and money . Should you decide to go see it , make sure you sip a cup of coffee before you go , as you might need it to stay awake.What a tripe !
 I rented this movie on VHS because that was teh only formate they had . I think its pretty FReaking Lame . The Sport Sequeces are cool , but aside from that it was very boring . Basicly i Think this movie was yet another example of Hollywood Movie Trash .
 This movie had the worst most predictable plot in the world . It 's your typical '' Run from the insane russian terrorists '' plot you 've seen over and over again . The dialogue is also pretty stupid with one-liners like '' Sup B **** es '' and '' Wicked Cool , man '' . However , the stunt sequences were pretty awesome . And whats the deal with the dvd features ? There 's hardly any features on it !
 Though I give only two stars to this film , that does n't mean that I did n't enjoy it . I do n't care if the plot is too silly . That 's OK . I do n't care a British guy plays an American . Many do that in this business . But I hate when there are good materials , and when they are ruined like in this film . I mean , its stunts.The characters -- Devon Sawa -LRB- `` Final Destination '' -RRB- , Bridgette Wilson-Sampras , Rupert Graves , Rufus Sewell , Joe Absolom , Jana Paranske -- are hired to make a promotion video for Japanese client . -LRB- Inexplicably , only Ms. Wilson-Sampras is American among the main cast . Devon Sawa is Canadian . -RRB- They are going to travel to the Alps , all camping out in the construction site of a resort hotel up on a lonely mountain . But when this rag-tag team encounter a group of terroists -LRB- do n't ask me why -RRB- , they are forced to use their skills for extreme sports to survive the deadly fight against them.The story is silly , but not bad . `` Cliffhanger '' was silly -- you know , Sly must have been dead within five minutes with that clothes -- but not a bad actioner after all , giving a series of great stunts . And `` Extreme Ops '' offers some great stunts , and actors are certainly doing their jobs . See , for example , Devon Sawa hanging from the tail of the train , strapped to it by ropes . You can see people doing skateboarding on a moving train , behind a moving train , and so on.But the drirector Christian Dugay arrange them in a meaningless way , editing so badly that you just do n't know what is going on particularly in the first scenes about the canoe riding . To make matters worse , as the film reaches its climax , you will see the cheesy CGIs , a crazy soldier with bad acting , and some ridiculous tactics that the characters use to protect them from the killers , all of which tell that the film is running out of tricks , and this feeling kills the excitement this kind of film should offer.Not so bad as some people say , but `` Extreme Ops '' tells us why `` XXX '' is a great fun -- charisma of Vin Diesel , sexy Asia Argento , and great stunts aptly shown on the screen , all of which lack here.Trivia
 After watching this movie back in November of 2002 with friends , we renamed the movie from `` Extreme Ops '' to `` Extreme Ooooppppsss `` One of the major `` plot '' points for the movie can be seen about 5 minutes into it . Unfortunately that point is n't revisited until MUCH , MUCH later.In between , the extreme skiiers and company are busy trying to film scenes for a Japanese business man and his daughter . There are a lot of high flying action shots but that was n't enough to keep me and my friends interested.Not recommended for anyone unless you like to have a good laugh at how bad this movie is .
 Avoid this one . The bad reviews are not kidding . The plot is almost non-existent . The action scenes are not enough to make up for the poor editing . The writing has drawn the characters very thinly . Sadly , a reason to watch this movie is to be amused at how badly it is put together .
 If you like action flicks with absolutely no intelligence this movie will appeal to your deepest of hearts , but for those of you who prefer a plot and something that makes at least a little sense ... skip it.A sports camera crew sets out to find the most daring of extreme sports heroes so that it can film an action movie in the Alps . They recruit a couple of crazy snow-boarders , helicopter pilots willing to outrun avalanches and then they toss in a pretty and dainty Olympic skier for good measure and some eye candy . The entire film consists of the frilly skier competing with the fearless snow boarders for attention and film time . They get thrown out of helicopters at high altitude without any oxygen and wearing barely any clothes but they never freeze ... funny how that happens in movies ! The real amazing feat is how they ski downhill in front of a major avalanche and can still talk to one another ... have you ever heard how loud an avalanche is ? Thank goodness for those sub-atomic hearing aids !! Eventually European terrorists enter the picture and a few automatic weapons -LRB- something has to encourage those slow moving avalanches -RRB- . Well you know how it goes.The action is great and if you like skiing some of the stunts are literally unbelievable but other than that I would n't recommend this film to anyone with half a brain because you will just be frustrated with all of the impossibilities and missed reasons for people to die . I only watched it because I was forced into it by a couch potato with a remote .
 `` Extreme Ops '' was a horrible title . The plot was horrible . And director Christian Dugary 's direction was terrible as well . There were no production values and the actors looked very confused . The only good thing about this mess of a movie is Bridgit Wilson-Sampres , and the incredible camra work mixed with some good action . Over all this movie was terrible . But Wilson-Sampras and the great cimematography are the only things you will want to see in this film . ** stars out of five .
 EXTREME OPS is about a group of extreme snowboarders/skiers -LRB- including Devon Sawa and Bridgette Wilson-Sampras -RRB- who travel to Austria to film a commercial . After some shenanigans , they get kicked out of their hotel and decide to rent an under-construction resort . Unfortunately , an escaped war criminal is also staying there , and he tries to kill the group . The plot is completely unbelievable , and the characters are paper-thin . Devon Sawa has an especially embarrasing part , and frankly he is way too out of shape to be believable as a world-class snowboarder.Fortunately , some of the stunt sequences are enjoyable , saving this turkey from a one-star review . The best stunt scene occurs when two of the characters are being chased through the resort by some dobermans -LRB- I know it sounds lame ! -RRB- . In addition , some viewers will likely enjoy the snowboarding scenes , and the scenery is beautiful . Just do n't look too closely at the close-ups , because they 're pretty terrible . The film was nominated for Best Specialty Stunt from the World Stunt Awards -LRB- alongside Die Another Day , XXX , & Blue Crush -RRB- .
 The movie `` Extreme Ops '' which opened to lukewarm reviews and even more lukewarm box office really should carry a government health warning with it . It is so mind numbingly incoherent and lackluster that one can feel your brain cells being depleted one by one after each comic strip moment.Let me take that back because to equate comic strips with this piece of drivel is a disservice to comic strips . This movie has no plot and no characterization . The point appears to be to display some `` amazing '' stunt work but the effect is spoiled by an over usage of truly obvious computer generated effect work that would not look out of place on your home play station.The plot , and I use the term loosely , concerns a group of commercial filmmakers who travel the world in attempts to catch stunts on film . They have been hired by a Japanese businessman to catch shots of a skier racing ahead of an avalanche -LRB- the reason why is never really given -RRB- so this ragtag group heads for Austria . Why they made the decision to film the shot in the Alps instead of the perfectly good Rocky Mountains is similarly never explained , except that it allows them to come into contact with a sneering Serbian war criminal fresh from faking his own death.Understandably the sneering villain is none to happy to be sharing his mountain hideaway with an obnoxious group of teenagers . He , like the theater audience , seems to find them just as annoying as we do , but whereas we have the liberty of tuning them out or , even more sensibly , walking out in the middle of the movie , he takes a more homicidal approach and decides to do away with them.I usually try to find some good points in a movie I review so it is somewhat balanced , however it is hard with this flick to find something positive to say , I guess one could point out that the girls are good looking and the scenery is equally pretty - does that count?Do yourself a favor and give this a miss . I would also recommend that you pass it by when you see it on DVD shelves . There is absolutely no redeeming feature to this dull , dumb movie .
 Some folks need only a paper-thin plot to string together a bunch of action sequences , without character or theme or language or logic getting in the way . If that 's you , this may be your movie . Xtreme sports , xtreme ops . Get it ? If that does n't strike you as xtremely clever , you may find this movie painful to watch . I 'm thinking of telling The Agony Booth about it.The humor does n't work , to the extent that I think I want a laugh track after all . Or a drummer doing rim shots . Ba-DUM-bum ! Characters are distinguishable by such things as fake national accent and stereotyped mannerisms , hair style and/or color , or shouting all his dialogue . I did n't watch it all . I did n't even watch enough to tell you what it 's about . Amazon or Imdb can tell you what it 's about . Just something else we found in the flat . Someone 's losing credibility as a selector of DVDs .
 this movie started out good but then got all mushy with the action and the gunfire . good snowboarding stunts , and the cast is great , Sawa looks a little scruffy looking . like I said , with the snowboarding and action , dont mix well and it gets muddled when the badguys come along
 The pre-roll ad is unskippable . And long . And obnoxious . I paid for the DVD , I should n't have to wait through a 2 minute commercial to watch it .
 The movie is a classic , but I would n't purchase this DVD again . You are forced to sit through 10 minutes of previews , some of which are inappropriate for kids . There is no way to skip through the previews .
 When placing Babe in the DVD player I was not able to fast forward , jump to the main menu , etc. until _ after _ all the movie previews on the DVD were played . My daughter actually stood in front of the TV and started to cry because she wanted the movie to start . Shame on Universal for ruining what is supposed to be a fun experience . I 've paid for the DVD - I should have full control over what is shown and not be forced to watch yet more advertising . I 'll be asking for my money back on this DVD .
 Here is one of the best movies ever made , but with 1/3 of the image missing . Do n't buy this one , folks , wait and buy the wide-screen version .
 This film , which was nominated for the Best Picture Oscar in 1995 , is fabulous , on both the DVD and DVD-DTS versions now available.But why in the world would Universal Home Video take one of its golden movies from its great library and slap it onto a DVD in a full aspect ratio -LRB- TV Land -RRB- format ? The video and audio quality are terrific . Otherwise , the `` no-widescreen '' decision does n't make sense at all.Is this a `` trend '' adopted by some home video divisions at the studios in California to accommodate the still larger group of non-purists who prefer seeing movies in the dumb pan and scan or what I laughably call the `` HBO format ? `` Go over to AMC and Turner Classic Movies on cable and the trend over there , for people who are movie purists , is in a completely opposite direction . More of their films are being shown on cable in the widescreen format . `` Babe '' is the second major crtically acclaimed Universal studio release on DVD that is being offered without the widescreen format . The other , and you 'll choke on this when you hear this , is `` The Sting , '' the intricate `` con '' film that WON the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1973 . Even more puzzling is Universal Studio 's decision to release the sequel , `` Babe
 Several previous reviewers are dead-on . Babe , is of course , a clever , funny , touching movie . It 's one of the few movies that I and my 3-year old can both enjoy over and over . But the marketing jerks at Universal have seen fit to force several lengthy advertisements on you every time you try to watch the movie . What 's more , they 've coded them to be non-skippable , so you MUST sit through them every time you want to watch the movie -LRB- you can fast forward , but you ca n't skip over them -RRB- . This is offensive and intrusive in any dvd you 've purchased -LRB- and arguably fraudulent as it 's not disclosed on the package -RRB- , but it 's even worse with a movie like Babe that 's targeted largely at kids . First , it illustrates that Universal has outright contempt for parents ' rights to decide what types of films are , or are not , appropriate for their kids . Second , if you have a small child who really wants to watch Babe -LRB- or whatever -RRB- , it 's difficult for them to understand why they should have to sit through 15 minutes of Universal 's marketing crap before the movie starts -LRB- something that 's not true with numerous other children 's DVD 's -RRB- . Shame , shame Universal . I 'd encourage you to rent , download , pirate , or borrow this DVD rather than buying it , at least until Universal ceases its offensive , dishonest marketing tactics .
 The movie is great . This disc will end up in your trashcan in pieces unless you have the patience of a saint . Universal pictures has decided that you are paying them for the imperative privilege of watching ten minutes of previews . / Dumb / previews , through which you can not fast forward and from which you can not access the main menu . Buy the movie elsewhere or pirate it .
 One of the benefits of DVDs is the ability to skip to any part of the movie easily . This benefit is exceptionally true when you have kids and they want to watch a movie . Normally , you can skip the trailers and head right to the movie or at least the main menu . This DVD makes you go through each of the many trailers before you can get to the main menu . You ca n't fast forward through them or skip them . You must wait until the trailers have completed then select `` Play '' from the main menu . Because of this , we would have rather bought the VHS version of the movie . With a tape , you can at least fast forward through the trailers !
 What was Universal thinking ? One of the great thing about DVDs in the ability to skip the previews at the beginning of most VHS tapes . The first thing this DVD does is disable all controls so it FORCES the viewer to watch ALL of the previews , including one for that horrible ` Cat in the Hat ' flick . The only button that works is EJECT . That 's right , you ca n't even select STOP !
 I rented this movie several years ago , played it on a VHS and regular TV and thought it was excellent . The story , cinematography , special effects , and setting are superb -LRB- and I 'm 58 years old , not a kid -RRB- . Recently I upgraded my audio/visual home theater set up to the tune of -LRB- $ -RRB- which included a new Sony 34 '' widescreen HDTV -LRB- incredible -RRB- . Building a DVD library , Babe was one of a number of DVD 's I wanted to include.Come to find out it has only been released on DVD in Full Screen -LRB- Standard -RRB- - 1.33:1 format , not widescreen . What a disappointment . Come on Universal Studios . Whoever made that decision , IMHO , is a dolt . Fire that guy and issue Babe in widescreen anamorphic . A beautiful film squeezed into Standard format , what a shame.Some older films -LRB- DVD 's -RRB- , like Casablanca and Dr. Strangelove , I watch often on the widescreen TV , even though they are the standard aspect ratio . But these were originally produced in that aspect ratio , Babe was not.In widescreen anamorphic Babe is without a doubt 5 stars . In DVD Standard it 's not worth watching on a widescreen HDTV because what nags at the back of my mind is how beautiful it could really be .
 I tried probably 8 times ! i love this movie ! i was really upset . I made popcorn and was all set with a cozy blanket and then i was heart broken , I followed all the directions ! I even tried disconnecting and reconnecting my internet nothing helped . I guess I ll be sticking to dvds from now on .
 This is by far one of my all time favorite movies . My wife always loved it , so has my 3-year old boy . So we went ahead and purchased this movie on DVD . However , how annoying is it when the DVD does n't allow you to skip the previews of other insignificant movies before you actually get to see the feature film . This thing locks up your DVD player control completely -LRB- disables functions of menu / stop / fast forward -RRB- and forces you to sit through previews of five movies before ever getting to the Babe feature . It is simply the most offensive and intruding thing my family has ever experienced in DVD 's and VHS.I have a lot of words to describe those folks at Universal Studio , I will try to be gentle . Let 's just put it this way - your limited creativity in marketing really must be the ultimate lowest of all .
 Commercials on DVDs are nothing new . Annoying though they are , you can always skip them with a click of the remote , right ? Not anymore . For Babe , a title targeted at kids no less , Universal saw fit to make the commercials non-skippable . They start as soon as you put the disc in , and the `` Forward '' button on your DVD player wo n't let you bypass them . The `` Menu '' button has no effect either . Even the `` Stop '' button wo n't work ! Once the commercials start -- including one for the dreadful Cat In The Hat that 's nails-on-chalkboard offensive -- there 's no escape from them ! Shame on Universal for ruining the long-awaited widescreen debut of this wonderful film . My solution
 Babe , a 5 star delight of a movie , is more beautiful than ever in widescreen . The single star is for the Universal DVD . I have always supported the notion that the best way to make money is to sell a quality product . Universal does n't seem to agree . The disc starts off with 5 minutes of forced advertising -LRB- some marketing ` genius ' at Universal deserves to lose a job over that idea -RRB- . The special features are the poorest I have ever seen for a special edition and include a ` making of ' that is a downright lie ; 5 minutes of computer graphics about how they made the animals seem to speak . I prefer to buy DVDs because I want to , not because they are the only choice , but if you want to see Babe this is the only choice .
 First and foremost
 The movie is fine , but the DVD has previews of other movies that can not be skipped over . Please do n't pay money to support this practice . If you pay for the movie , you should n't have to pay again by watching ads .
 I was disappointed with this show , especially the ending . There did n't seem to be a point to the story . Sure , Babe was cute , and it is kind of sweet to see the animals talk , but I do n't think this movie would hold much interest to those over 10 . If you want a really fantastic pig movie , watch Charlotte 's Web .
 I just got done watching this movie and am really disgusted.If the writers intention was to make kids and adults cry and be horrified , well thumbs up.After giving each animal personality , they got killed off.this movie went from bad to worse.The kids were so upset by it , i turned it off 3/4 of the way through and tossed it in the trash.I kept fastforwarding over sad parts , thinking it had to get happier , only to have something more awful happen next.It had potential to be wonderful , with the animation and scenery , but they made it a movie that animal lovers can not stomach .
 I 'm sorry , but my eyes were filled with tears through the entire movie !!! Sure , it 's nice seeing the animals talk , but it 's SOO ` darn ' sad ! It 's just another depressing animal movie.If you love animals and want a good bawl , this movie 's for you .
 This is the WORST movie I have EVER seen . We had to see it in our class one day . The teacher said that I HAD to watch . Reluctantly , I sat down . I hated it . She fast forwarded it to the middle so we could see the end . Even that part was bad , and I did n't see all of it ! I 'd give it -10 stars for horrible scenes , cruelty to animals , and lack of trying . DO N'T SEE IT EVER !!!
 This is the worst movie ever!I can not explain in words how bad this movie is.I give Babe 1 million points for really bad aciting , really bad charters , and really bad story.It 's hard to belive this movie won an award.I ca n't belive I wasted my life watching this bad film .
 This is the WORST movie I have EVER seen . We had to see it in our class one day . The teacher said that I HAD to watch . Reluctantly , I sat down . I hated it . She fast forwarded it to the middle so we could see the end . Even that part was bad , and I did n't see all of it ! I 'd give it -10 stars for horrible scenes , cruelty to animals , and lack of trying . DO N'T SEE IT EVER !!!
 I was excited to find this film because of the actors -- but it is a WASTE !! It 's amazing how great actors can be turned into a TERRIBLE movie with bad writing , bad directing and boring filming . The story is very similar to A Beautiful Mind , without ANY of the writing , directing or drama . Terrible waste of time .
 another movie that presents mathematicians as socially inept and mentally unbalanced.as a student and teacher of mathematics , the greats I 've met were quite the opposite . they are the most balanced in the crowd . they 're the most congenial and the most fun-loving at the university staff parties.movies which present the unbalanced genius go hand-in-hand with the notion that everyone needs a slight personality disorder or a bit of ADD or ADHD or dyslexia ... . come on , people ! these are signs that you have too much white matter and not enough grey matter to think it through or to focus .
 I was rather enthusiastic about watching the movie `` Proof . '' With such a title , one would expect that the movie would actually contain , oh I do n't know ... Proofs of some sort , or that some specific proof would be the center of the story.However , on both accounts , this is not so . I felt this movie amounted to nothing much more then a pile of cliches . I 'm suprised Ebert and all the other reviews claim it was well acted - If anything , I think Paltrow in particular overacted her part -LRB- in terms of portraying a neurotic/scizo -RRB- and was n't convincing enough as a mathematician.Speaking of which , no one in the film was convincing as a mathematician partly because no actaul matheamtics seems to make it to this movie . Sure they throw out words like `` Algebraic Geometry , '' or `` Game Theory '' -LRB- More an Economics field then Matheamtics anyways -RRB- but that is the extent of the `` mathematics '' in this film.It seems the author could have easily made the film a little more authentic by hiring an actaul facaulty of matheamtics as an advisor to the film . What is funny about what little that is shown is its mostly Analysis -LRB- if its anything recognizable at all , a vast majority of the things writ on the board are as far as my friends and I can tell , giberish -RRB- , whereas suppodly this great awe-inspiring proof -LRB- A proof whose structure is actaully never remotely discusssed -RRB- that Paltrow 's character may have written -LRB- and also what her father suppodly worked in -RRB- was Algebra/Number Theory.A simple analogy to demonstrate my gripe about this film is it 's like if one were to have made a movie about individuals in some other less abstract field , perhaps an engineer or inventor , and the film contained virtually nothing about the subject this -LSB- these -RSB- indiivdual -LSB- s -RSB- were known for . It would make the film seem a bit empty -LRB- and would defeat the purpose of basing a movie on these people -RRB- . Of course I admit this movie 's main drive is evidently not mathematics -LRB- and it 's target audience is certanily not mathematicians -RRB- , its really a romance story . Yet , even given this I must say it was far less enjoyable then past titles with similiar premise -LRB- the so-called `` romance w. nerds '' sub-genre -RRB- . I can think of two movies that did this type of film far better , that is IQ -LRB- Walter Mathau , 1994 -RRB- and Beautiful Mind -LRB- Crow , 2001 -RRB- . In the later , although there was virtually no mathematics as well , they at least `` talked '' about the subject that John Nash discovered in some brief detail . Also , of course , the acting was more convincing in that case as well.Even other movies based on ficticious genius like `` Good Will Hunting '' had more convincing main characters -LRB- and much more compelling character drama -RRB- then Paltrow 's mathematician and her toils with the outside world . I think with Paltrow 's character , one see 's only one facet of her personality -LRB- that is the incomprehsensible neurotic side -RRB- , whereas a film like `` Good Will Hunting '' we saw the characters behave like actaul people every once in a while -LRB- and in `` A Beautiful Mind '' and `` IQ '' the characters ' personalities actaully changed and grew throughout the span of the film -RRB- . The result is of course , as I stated above , a cliche -LRB- not that most films nowadays ar n't devoid of this , but in this case , I believe its it much more evident -RRB- . In any event , this film was one of the few movies I have purchased and felt it was a waste . In comparative terms , from its set of peers , it probably fits closest to a little known film `` Infinity '' about Richard Feynman.In fact , that film also mentiond virtually nothing about Feynman 's work and stayed almost entirely within the romance story . I 'd say `` Proof '' is much more enjoyable then that film , however its far less enjoyable then `` Good Will Hunting '' and certanily does not compare with `` IQ , '' `` Beautiful Mind , '' or `` October Sky '' -LRB- that is other similiar films -RRB- . The movie is a rent , as opposed to a buy , in my opinion .
 Proving or disproving something is the goal of many mathematicians . But PROOF takes that equation into an entirely different dynamic . Gwyneth Paltrow -LRB- SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE , 1998 -RRB- as Catherine gives the best performance of all in this ensemble cast . She 's the daughter of a genius -LRB- Anthony Hopkins , SILENCE OF THE LAMBS , 1991 -RRB- who 'd lost his mind and recently died . But his brilliance was legendary . His equations changed mathematical history . And when Catherine appears to be just as brilliant as her father , her fears drive her to extremes . She feels she may be losing her mind , too , so she hides her intellect behind a mask of despair , longing for her lost father . Behind this facade we see her own battle with depression and her worries that she may be too much like her father . Will she end up just as mad as he ? This is the question that eats at Catherine throughout the story.Jake Gyllenhaal -LRB- BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN , 2005 -RRB- plays Hal , the love interest , as well as a math student trying to come up with his own proof -LRB- i.e. mathematical breakthrough -RRB- . He 's pouring over Catherine 's father 's final papers , trying to determine if there was anything of value left in his fractured mind just before his death . And when Catherine gives him a key to the desk , Jake uncovers what could be a discovery of monumental importance . But who wrote it ? The father ... or the daughter?Hope Davis -LRB- THE MATADOR , 2005 -RRB- stars as Claire , Catherine 's distant sister who returns to town to help bury their father and to tick Catherine off of her `` to-do list . '' She was the other shining star in the film , acting as a neurotically classic type-A personality . ______________________________________________________________________________ Although PROOF held my interest , it 's impact on me was negligible . There was no `` hallelujah '' moment where everything fit together or where an actor or actress did something extraordinary . They just ... were.The pacing of the film was pretty laid back , too . Director John Madden seemed in no particular hurry to get a resolution to the audience , which is n't necessarily a bad thing . But for a `` family dynamic '' film , there could 've -LRB- should 've -RRB- been something more gripping that held my interest.I will say that the picture was acted and shot well . Just not `` very '' well . Anthony Hopkins was just Anthony Hopkins , for instance.Psychology students might eat this story up , but for the general population it may fall pretty flat .
 The idea that mathematical genius is somehow strange or crazyis very bad doctrine . People with power of innovation and originalthought are produced in the gene pool with regularity.They are almost as likely to be found among the pooras among the wealthy.Much of the real advancement of civilizations has depended on thembraving misunderstanding and persecution to bring their ideas forward.Contributing to their problems as this movie does , even with the very good acting is not a good idea.The Nash 's of the world are seldom and very much not the `` rule '' .
 this movie is terrible ... I gave it two stars because I always love Anthony Hopkins and Gwyneth Paltrow is n't too bad either ... The rest is a shamble of a movie . The premise is ridiculous so right there you have to either love the actors in it or you have to love the idea of the story . I went with the actors . Do n't waste your money or your time on this . I 've seen superior movies with this acting outfit .
 Given its cast , pedigree and subject matter , `` Proof '' is a surprisingly minor , insignificant picture , clever and moving on a Lifetime Channel frequency , but thin and immature otherwise . Adapted by David Auburn and Rebecca Miller from Auburn 's Pultizer Prize-winning play , it suffers from arch , rat-a-tat dialogue that works on stage but drones onscreen , and most painfully predictable casting that finds Anthony Hopkins as a mad genius , Gwyneth Paltrow as a melancholy girl , and Hope Davis as another bossy shrew . To the well , to the well , to the well - and now the water 's tepid and soot-ridden . Paltrow is Catherine , an amateur mathematician wilting under the smothering pressure of sister Claire -LRB- Davis -RRB- and the memory of just-buried father Robert -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- , a Chicago University professor who , like some mathematicians , made landmark discoveries in his early 20s , coasted on tenure , and then slowly went insane . Director John Madden only reveals glimpses of Robert 's downward spiral before his death through Catherine 's harsh eulogy at his funeral ; the movie is more occupied with Catherine 's struggle to cut her own figure in life when she shares her father 's talents . Especially when one of her Robert 's old students , Hal -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- discovers a brilliant proof that Catherine claims to have written , thenlocked away out of respect - and fear.Because the answer to this mystery is obvious whether you 've seen the play or not - let it be said it is the less interesting of the two possibilities - `` Proof '' must churn its pleasures from performance and direction , both of which are uninspired . Madden prefers pretty to intense , and so a play entirely comprised of interiors is opened up to the towering Chicago oaks and softly falling snow . Dust is caught only when dancing in a concentrated sunbeam.Paltrow plays Catherine as a whiny waif , while Davis kneads the exact same dough she has for years . Hopkins , as Robert , is asked to assume an odd role - that of an insane man whose insanity is alluded to but never shown . `` Proof '' focuses on his blustery `` lucid '' year between manic episodes , and leaves no explanation for the descent , apparently preferring we watch `` ABeautiful Mind '' and borrow the life arc of John Forbes Nash . Catherine and Claire 's mother is not mentioned , strange for characters reflecting on the death of one parent.And the movie speaks incessantly of math without ever dissecting any of its meaning . What 's a creative proof ? How do new and old methodologies differ ? Auburn and Miller supply the words - Madden neglects the music . The characters should talk in a vacuum . The audience should not see in one .
 This film about two brainy beautiful blonde sisters , a young Hollywood handsome mathematician , and a ghost who looks a lot like Hannibal Lector 's grandfather is remarkable in that it is adapted from a putatively respected dramatic work yet has absolutely no memorable scenes , characters or dialogue . Where is `` Attention must be paid , '' or `` I have always depended on the kindness of strangers , '' or '' ... an offer he ca n't refuse , '' or '' ... gross clasps of a lascivious Moor , '' or `` Rosebud , '' or `` I do n't know , what do you want to do Marty , '' or `` Zuzu 's petals , '' or `` You get the wallet , '' or `` Shut up and deal , '' or even John Madden 's own , `` It 's a mystery ? `` It 's no mystery that a small fortune can be won wagering that after yawning through an hour and a half of cliches about love and family liberally sprinkled with mathematical pixie dust , no one will long remember Catherine , Claire , Harold or Robert nor anything they said and did.It is a mystery that three whose previous work shown brightly -LRB- `` separated at birth '' babes , Gywneth Paltrow and Hope Davis , along with the SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE director -RRB- could have conspired to perpetrate such a dud . Who woulda thunk it ? Alas , we have PROOF , Q.E.D.
 What is this movie about , really ? Is it like the Amazon reviewer says , `` advanced academia , revelations of love , fear , regret , and potential recovery '' ? Maybe , but I do n't think so . This film deliberately toys with its audience so we ca n't get a fix on whether Catherine is crazy or sane , skittish or companionable , a liar or a saint , brilliant or dull . At the end we find out , but we 're given a lot of false scents until then . So maybe it works as a kind of academia thriller , but for me the thrill was gone.To me it seems the story is more about the challenges and ethical issues surrounding the care of ill parents . How much should children be expected to sacrifice to provide a `` dignified '' life for their parents ? But this story falls far short of answering that question , too .
 A mathematical genius -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- has died after suffering from schizophrenia for years . He was cared for by his daughter , Catherine -LRB- Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- , who now fears that she may have inherited his insanity . A young graduate student -LRB- Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- who is studying the great man 's notebooks , discovers a ground-breaking mathematical `` proof , '' but Catherine claims her father did n't write it ; she did.With these great stars , I expected so much more , but I was very disappointed . The movie is hampered by a bad script and direction that has every line sounding like a hysterical tirade . There are no pauses , no un-snappy retorts ; every speech is delivered as if the actors are on stage trying to project to the last row of the balcony without a microphone . The movie is , in fact , based on a play that also starred Paltrow , and it retains the too-large gestures and shrieking that probably fit just right in a big theatre , but look stagy in close-ups . Both the father 's mental illness and the math discovery are spoken of in vague terms but never really shown or explained , so the whole plot is left unresolved and unsatisfying . Gyllenhaal 's performance is the most sincere and believable , while Hopkins and Paltrow overact throughout . Overall , a dry , pointless film .
 The acting is superb - all four characters . The problem is that the story is based on an unbelievable premise and mental illness - even -LRB- or especially -RRB- when well portrayed - is just not very interesting . This is a kind of high-brow soap opera.Anyone who knows the University of Chicago will enjoy the local color . It is accurate down to the funeral in Rockefeller Chapel , the Midway , and even the location of the math department in Eckert Hall .
 Anthony Hopkins , whom I admire greatly , should hve been billed as making a `` guest appearance . '' He is always outstanding , but billing him as `` starring '' in this with Ms. Paltrow is deceptive advertising at best . Go back and check oout his TV murder mystery with Blythe Danner `` Guilty Conscience '' -- the man has staying power . Better still , go back to `` The Lion in Winter '' -- Hopkins & O'Toole !!!!
 I think I have learned more mathematics by watching the movie Proof than I have learned in the past four years of an undergraduate mathematics major . For instance , I was unaware that proofs were things that demonstrated theorems . After watching the movie the first time through , I felt compelled to do a frame by frame analysis of all mathematical results published in this movie . I can not deign to be able to vouch for the validity of all results , for they are too far advanced . However , if they prove what I think they prove , then it 's a very important proof!I wo n't waste anymore of your time by expounding on the virtues of this movie -- they are clear . It is a movie that reinforces the reality of mathematics
 Sorry folks but in spite of all the acclaim lavished on this movie , PROOF is one of the dullest movies I 've ever seen . Gwyneth Paltrow gives a shreakingly one note performance , whining and pouting , and maybe smiling once or twice in a role that reeks of self-absorption . Only Jake Gylenhaal salvages his role , and Hope Davis is as annoying as Paltrow . Anthony Hopkins looks like he has gas , and the movie is about as exciting as reading an algebra text . Yuck !
 I really tried to like this movie , with great actors in it , I figured it had to be a winner . I found myself hoping for something more around each corner , only to find disappointment . The continual jumping back and forth in time , drove me nuts . There were no peak moments during this film , to me , it just seemed to drag on , as I prepared myself to be jolted back and forth repeatedly . Sure , I found the actors believable , but I hated how the storyline was carried out . I think there was much more potential for it to be much more entertaining , but the the producer seemed determined to drag us through an unending torment . I found the movie somewhat confusing at times . This movie did nothing for me , other than make me wish I had spent my money on something more entertaining . I simply hate movies that wallow in pity , and despair .
 Reading many of the one-two star reviews pretty much sums up my feelings . The character development just is n't there . Anthony Hopkins , my fave actor `` ever '' is barely seen and when he is it feels like `` Instinct '' all over again . The worst part of the movie is with the `` tuh-duh '' moment -LRB- such as it is -RRB- of the movie in which the writer and director made the absolute least out of the mathematical theory written in the notebook ; it just was n't presented in a way that made it the least bit interesting to the audience . * Spoiler
 I do n't know how `` Proof '' worked on stage , but for me it just did not work well on film . Tedious is the word that keeps coming to my mind to describe how I felt as I watched it . I endured it , hoping minute after minute to begin enjoying it .
 PROOF must have demonstrated higher power in its successful Broadway run than in the mild drama on view here . The acting ca n't be faulted , exactly -LRB- although a case could certainly be made for Paltrow 's nasal whine as the most irritating star voice since Liz Taylor 's breathless baby-doll gurgle of the 60 's and 70 's -- surely her unquestionable ability 's not well served by roles like this , or SYLVIA , where she has to complain endlessly -RRB- . The problem 's the script . By now , the central situation 's probably known to most audiences going in , which leaves a long , static first act of exposition to arrive at a singularly unsurprising curtain line . Once the conflict 's established , the action plods like clockwork to an entirely predictable conclusion . No incidental felicities of soaring language or intriguing character tics to provide interest along the way . Despite the star power on display , and pedigree of the script , PROOF plays like a Lifetime movie-of-the-week , with slighly higher production values . A major disappointment .
 I understand that Proof is a Pulitzer-prize winning theatrical play -LRB- best drama -RRB- . Well , the story might work well as a play ; but falls flat as a movie . Amazingly bad acting from such a talented cast , limp plot , terrible dialogue , and no interesting visuals to speak of -LRB- hence , a bad subject for a film , which is a visual art form -RRB- . I thought the film might appeal to my interest in intellectual films -LRB- okay , my interest in pretentious art films loved by psuedo-intellectuals such as myself -RRB- . However , even in the pretentious intellectual art film category , it fails miserably . It 's hard to put my finger on exactly why I disliked the film so much ; it might be that the actors did n't seem to believe in the story - as if they knew they were asking the audience of too much , that this story in any way was believable . Because the actors were not invested in their own characters , I simply could not emotionally connect to any them , hence , the poor film experience .
 Based on the premise of this movie , I thought that I would enjoy it . But I found myself continuing to watch simply to find out how the movie ended . Although Gwyneth Paltrow received glowing reviews for this performance , and is doing what I 'm sure is a wonderful acting job , the character she plays -LRB- Catherine -RRB- was so irritating to me that I found it difficult to watch . I did n't feel sympathy for her , as I should have , and I could n't see how Hal could be attracted to her . Perhaps part of this was due to the mechanism of jumping back and forth in time -- maybe I could n't get a complete picture of who Catherine was . I only saw her as self-absorbed , foul-mouthed and ready to spurn any kindness offered her . She appeared to be more of an adolescent -- in her behavior and her way of whining when she spoke -- than a 27 year old . Also , I wanted more of the intrigue of those who have a passion for math , but that was missing in this film .
 This is the story of a troubled daughter of a troubled father . . the father was unable to do much of anything since developing the theories he was known for as a young man.His daughter was haunted by the thought that she might turn out like her father , who turned insane many years before he died . His death opens up the story . And then there is an older sister , anal retentive , controlling in the extreme , who is trying to control her younger sister 's life , and perhaps have her committed to an institution , based on her belief that she is turning out to be insane like their father.The problem is , it is very difficult to develop empathy for any of the characters . The younger daughter spent her time frowning and secretive , and mostly uncommunicative . The older daughter was detached from everything . The young man , a Doctoral student who admired the father , stayed at the fringes of the story throughout most of the film.Was there a point , or point of view , or anything else that the film was trying to get across . If so , I do n't think it did a good job . I would not recommend it , neither for the story , nor for the acting , which was , in the main , stilted and forced .
 Even my favorite actor Jake Gyllenhaal could not rescue this drab movie . Gwyneth Paltrow plays Katherine the daughter of a renowned mathemetician -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- who seens borderline cuckoo or brilliant -LRB- you decide -RRB- . The father has died and the daughter seems to be battling a love hate relationship with her father 's memory . A very long 90 minutes until the ending .
 bought this because of the actors ... not really worth buying , and stopped it mid way . . and headed to the garbage !!!
 This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a while ; next to Rabbit Proof Fence , that is . The cast is excellent and I was very excited to see Hopkins again , but aside from Davis ' and Hopkins ' roles , I always felt like I was watching people act . Both Paltrow and Madden seemed to over act , force lines and otherwise make me feel like I was watching a play rehearsal.So while the premise for the film is pretty strong , its execution just did not resonate with me one bit . Give it a try , but I would n't buy it .
 If you are a mathematician , you will hate this movie -- nothing in it will remind you of the math world you know . Just think a minute
 I dont know where to begin - this movie is terrible I watched 50 minutes of it before giving up . Though Hopkins , Paltrow and Gyllenhal should make for a good cast this movie suffers from some of the worst dialogue and acting I have seen lately . Also , if there is anything about mathematical discoveries in this movie I did not see it . -LRB- I was kind of hoping for A Beautiful Mind moment that never came . -RRB- If you want to see a good movie watch Battle Field Earth instead . I wish I could give it negative stars .
 I really wanted to see this in theater but never got to . It finally came out on DVD so I rented it . The movie kind of dragged on a lil . The first 15 minutes bored me . Nothing really good about this movie . It 's sort of like A Beautiful Mind but A Beautiful Mind is much better . Do n't waste your time watching this movie it sucks !
 I love Gwyneth Paltrow and I love the movies . I am not a picky movie person . I can watch just about anything and have seen some low budget Paltrow movies that I thoroughly enjoyed . But , this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The plot was severely lacking and the acting was unenjoyable . Most of the movie consisted of Paltrow 's character -LRB- Katie -RRB- bickering with another actor/actress . Not even worth the watch .
 Gwyneth Paltrow has an annoying enough voice as it is . 2 hours of that annoying voice whining and wheezing was nausea-inducing .
 There is no beginning , no idea , no end in Proof . This is the worst film ever of Gwyneth Paltrow . Viewing Proof last nite , I could n't help wishing someone else had played Catherine other than Paltrow . I thought Paltrow was a bit over the top actually in the role . Paltrow and Gyllenhaal had nothing together in terms of `` on screen '' chemistry . As much as I am trying to put my finger on what the problem was with this pitiful film , I have to admit that it was just about everything . The story did not flow at all . The dialogue did not work . Casting was poor . The sister of Paltrow was just ridiculous . 'd go on about how this film was excellent and get more in depth about this motion picture , but Gwyneth Paltrow ruined it , so I will save my typing and leave it at that .
 Allow ol' Butterweight to weigh in here . This movie my feathered friends is a huge dissapointment through the eyes of Charlie boy , although you milage may vary . The character development is brushed aside arbitrarely as the authors assume their protagonists detain universal traits . The action is nowhere near as captivating as say that of Leathal Weapon -LRB- starring Danny Glover AND Mel Gibs -RRB- . All in all a disappointment .
 This movie almost put me to sleep . It 's about a daughter of a brilliant -LRB- and dead -RRB- mathmetician played by Gweyneth Paltrow . She believes she may have inherited his insanity ... blah blah blah ... this movie has a good cast but it 's really dull with a boring slow moving story . Maybe if you are into math formulas this will interest you . I found it anti-climactic . I kept wondering when something would happen and it never did . You never really get a solid answer in the end and it left me asking `` WTF ? '' I would not watch it again unless I had insomnia and even then ...
 What more can i say ? This movie is really really bad . Gwyneth Paltrow should NEVER play the inspired , mad genius type . -LRB- See `` Sylvia '' -RRB- It 's just so unconvincing . And pathetic.The only good thing about this movie is that Jake Gyllenhaal is in it . And he 's hot . So ... there 's that .
 The new vampire and werewolf do nothing for the show ... did not enjoy it at all . Miss the other characters they were awesome
 Audio missing . Please fix . The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog . Mary had a little lamb.Jack be nimble jack be quick .
 Listing this episode as `` unavailable '' is not the same as actually bothering to fix it . How hard can it possibly be to reload this on your server ? Likely no more effort than changing the status from `` buy now '' to `` unavailable '' . It would be good if you -LRB- Amazon -RRB- would stop pushing/delivering new episodes -LRB- and billing for them -RRB- until the previous ones are fixed - I like to watch episodic series in order , they tend to make a little more sense that way . Fix this please !
 First it took a week to be put up and now no sound for a week . This is such a fail .
 I tried to watch it today and still no audio !! Left feedback . How long does it take to get results ?
 I have left feedback and put in a request from tech support . Now I 'm trying a review . Please fix this . It really weakens my faith in the whole do n't - buy-dvds-just-buy-streaming-videos concept .
 I did report this to Amazon several days ago . It 's frustrating that there is still no audio , but hopefully the problem is being addressed .
 Hi , I know others have pointed this out ... when will the audio be fixed?There 's not much else to say but this ridiculous system is requiring that I use 20 words or more.Please fix as soon as possible .
 I forced myself to watch the first three seasons of this show , but when it got to the fourth I had to call it quits . If this were conceived of as being an alternate Earth , it might be fine with more lead in , but this tripe made little sense to me overall . Annie the ghost manages to stake one vampire in season three , yet ca n't seem to manage to stake another in season four . When the `` savior '' child is stolen from the B & B , Annie potters around outside watching the police van carry the baby off , wringing her hands and having a melt down . As friends go , and given her abilities which are supposedly quite good considering her state of being , she makes for a piss poor babysitter and a friend . In the preceding seasons why is it that the male werewolves always wake up from their transformations bare of clothing while Nine wakes up fully clothed ? This is just one of many inconsistent devices used which make no sense whatsoever . I can understand having an interest in the supernatural and paranormal , I myself love fantasy literature and movies . Yet many really good , well thought out and executed novels are never considered for making into a series . Instead are presented with half baked ideas for the WOW factor and all too often , as in this case , the WOW is more of a THUD . I used to love watching BBC programs , but lately more and more of their shows are produced with very poor planning and taking all plausibility out of the equation . Sherlock , the reinvented version is one of these as well . Are people this easily entertained by crap ? I feel most people are more educated now in so many areas of life , even if uneducated through a college or university program . We 've all seen too much to so readily accept the wafer thin premises given to us by television writers and producers anymore . The best formula for fiction is to present even the wildest of ideas as possible in plausible ways which the reader/viewer can accept . It 's part of the escape fiction provides us .
 These episodes ... all of Season 4 have disappeared from my streaming device . How can I get them back ? This is how I watch them!Thanks !
 was very disappointed to have lost George , Nina and Mitchell . this 4th season just is not up to par in it 's writing . the intensity of the first three seasons is just not there .
 I was hooked on &#34; Being Human &#34; -LRB- BBS Version -RRB- with the first episode of Season one . Seasons 2-3 continued to hold my attention . However , Season 4 with the killing off of two of the three main characters and replacing them with much weaker versions was disappointing . The writers instead of trying to create the depth of the two former main characters , instead went for one episode story lines , gory scenes and a few attempts at humor . PLEASE BRING BACK MITCHELL .
 `` Christopher Columbus '' is a movie made in England and resembles a good old-fashioned American film epic from days gone by.The movie is wonderful but avoid this DVD unless you just want to have any copy in hand . I saw this film playing on TCM not long ago and it looked wonderful and decided to purchase Vision Video 's DVD thinking it had to be the same transfer . WRONG!This looks to be a 2nd or even 3rd generation video tape to DVD transfer with washed out colors and blurry grainy picture that is moving all over the place -LRB- gate not stable -RRB- . Also there are artifacts abound . I was hoping that this was simply an error or defect but judging by the prices of their other DVDs and this title being basically a budget price point , I am sure they knew what was being put out and surprised as this is also a Christian based company . Maybe they will correct the problem and re-release it as it should be?In the mean time , is there an official release somewhere that will play in Region 1 ?
 The film has so many mistakes regarding Columbus ' history . Just a few
 An excellent story and take on Columbuse 's life but I was barely able to watch the movie and found lots of problem with sound and images in another word this product is very oudated for today 's technology . I hope they digitally re-mastering it . it worth all the effort .
 It Sucks ! and not in a good way , very poor cinematography and sound as well as story line . Do n't waste you 're money .
 This is what happens when a junior high school film project gets a national release . Everything about this movie SUCKED . I suffered through 20 minutes of it trying to give it a chance ... the only thing I got was a void of 20 minutes in my life that I will never get back . Learn from my mistake
 because the series is good as ever . the quality of the jewel cases is lowest quality . when i took out the dvds for the first time , the plastic broke at 50 different spots and was completely destroyed . so 5 stars for the series , 1 star for the casing .
 I purchased this item in early December for Christmas . It qualified for the Super Free Shipping deal they were running at the time . It took over three weeks for this item to be shipped . I did n't receive it until Christmas Eve . I will NEVER use Amazon again unless they improve their so called FREE SHIPPING Offers . It was not worth the headache or anxiety that it caused .
 This service - although a great idea - BLOWS ! It took me over 5 hours to download 4 episodes of CSI . I 'm on cable and pay an additional 15 bux a month for the ultra high speed service.I can think of many ways to improve the interface , however right now I 'm so frustrated with just trying to download my episodes that I just want to bash my head through the wall.Great idea Amazon - however , needs MUCH improvement !
 Tried using it with Mac . Wo n't work . Used it in Windows . It 's okay , but you 're better off going to iTunes for your tv programs .
 Amazon should expose the subtitles languages avaiable in this dvd ; I 'm aware that it is in english , considering I 'm buying it in a foreign site , but it should be done.Thank you
 It really sucks , tried to download but it 's not able to be viewed in pc 's outsided the united states . Crikey.I 'll have to wait for reruns to watch it on the telly.Whatta shame amazon dot com . Let 's send a CSI to yer headquarters .
 So they still keep doing this , I mean , ` two-sequel policy . ' Get one surprise hit , and make two sequels , whether or not you need them . They did it to ` Cube ' ; they did it to ` Mimic '
 This movie is a complete waste of time -- bad acting , very predictable plot-The original Wild Things was pretty good and it went downhill from there . If you just like to look at hot babes then you might be able to sit thru it-but the babes in here are really stupid-they act stupid and the script is pretty lame . Does this really happen ? A real waste of 90 minutes -- avoid it except if you turn the sound off and look at the chicks .
 The original Wild Things ; you know , the one that was a bona-fide guilty pleasure/lurid trashy thriller , has now spawned not one , but two direct to video sequels . Wild Things 2 was a waste , and Wild Things 3 is no different . The story , if you want to call it that , is practically a carbon copy of the previous films where two sexy girls are in the center of twists and turns with loads of cash and murder in the mix . There 's twists aplenty here , all of which are pretty much non-sensical , and they 're actually pretty predictable . Mortal Kombat 's Linden Ashby , who was in Wild Things 2 , returns as a clueless detective , and Starship Troopers ' Dina Meyer is here as well , for no apparent reason . The girls are hot , and the steamy scenes between them are better and hotter than in Wild Things 2 , but nothing can save this from being another needless and pointless direct to video sequel . Stick with the original Wild Things ; it was n't a masterpiece , but it was a fun trash-noir thriller that was actually memorable .
 This is a pretty bad movie . The acting is mediocre , the plot is recycled from Wild Things 1 and 2 -LRB- as previous reviewers mentioned -RRB- . The only thing this movie is good for is a lonely night when your only companion is a tube of KY Jelly . After the initial threesome , the only thing the two starlets seem to do is make out , including an additional topless make-out scene after during the end credits.Also , the way the doctor talks about himself in the third person is hilarious . Seriously . If you do n't have a case of serious blue-balls , but want a good laugh , rent this movie .
 a boxed set with 3 discs in slim cases . the first movie is unrated and the other two are `` r '' ratings . the first movie is relatively clever with the one menage a trois scene , which is good . it also had a theatrical release . the other two movies follow the same plot , and same one menage a trois scene done worse and worse . seeing three movies milk one scene is n't worth the price of the discs . if you 're into seductive type movies , check out the `` poison ivy '' series . they have much more to offer .
 I thought they were going to just call it quits on Wild Things 2 , but they really had to make a thrid one !!! I was just curious so I rented it one night and I thought the acting was just bad enough . I fell asleep though this one just like wild things 2 . Do n't waist your time !
 This documentary features one of my smug countrymen who sneers his way through the segments about Queen Elizabeth II , continually asking snide rhetorical questions like `` why on earth would a nation still have a royal family '' and similar comments . National Geographic chose to contrast the British monarchy with a set of third world monarchies -LRB- Uganda , Nepal and Tonga I think -RRB- in what seems to be a deliberate attempt to further belittle Queen Elizabeth , the British people who like the monarchy , and building up an idea that republicanism is rampant in the UK when in fact it hovers in the 20 % range for years . Its too bad and does n't reflect well on National Geographic .
 I just saw this thinking I was going to learn something . sadly , I was let down by national geographic . The reporter for the most part just bashed the english monarchy and praising the american government . its seems like he struggles to accept that the american system isnt going to work for every country .
 the reporter behind this is an idiot who should be fired from anything like National Geographic . He says the best thing this country did was the revolution . I think , considering jerks like the two Bushes -LRB- both of whom should have been impeached -RRB- , that it was the worst .
 I watched this in reading class after reading Freak The Mighty . The movie cut out many important details from the book and made worse scenes to put in their place . If you read the book , you will notice that the movie does n't resemble it very much and the book is so much better .
 My 12 year-old-granddaughter and I were extremely disappointed with the movie , The Mighty , based on Rodman Philbrick 's book , `` Freak the Mighty . '' The producers should have allowed the author to write the screen version . The book features two boys , both of whom are handicapped in different ways , who formed a `` unit , '' Freak the Mighty , based on a deep bond of mutual needs . The writer of the screen version , Charles Leavitt , completely misses the point of the novel . He obviously did not understand the significance of how a great need finally met can form a strong relationship based on trust -- `` you are there for me and I am there for you . Together we can discover and embrace the world . '' The movie had to make up hackneyed conflict scenes that were not in the story and not necessary to tell a good story . In fact , they spoiled it . Philbrick wrote an excellent book . I fervently wish Hollywood had n't ruined it .
 I was very disapointed by the film , for I almost fell asleep during the movie and it was n't even close to catching the aspects of the terrific book . The book touched my soul deeply , but this was just plain bad . Max and Freak did not look or act like I would have imagined , nor did they have the true feelings you could sense from the book . Also , the movie missed many huge points that the was in the book which were crutial to understanding the plot and how close they were . I was very disappointed by the performance of the all star cast with Gillian Anderson , Sharon Stone , and o couple other people . I almost forgot to add that I think that Gillian Anderson and Sharon Stone should have traded parts because their personalities did n't match up with their parts .
 This tape was broken !! I am a school teacher and NEEDED it for a class , and this is what I got !! Now I 've got to buy another one !!
 I like my heart `` warmed '' as much as the next guy , but what is inspiring about this collection of sub-After-School-Special cliches ? The villains are generic , completely unbelievable caricatures , and the heroes -LRB- the usual underdogs with hearts of gold -RRB- are so Good that they are n't human either . With no flesh and blood human beings in the movie , why should I care what happens ? It does n't matter anyway , because I know what 's going to happen from the minute the characters are introduced . Sharon Stone -LRB- shamelessly billed as the `` lead '' -RRB- does not `` steal '' any scenes -- she has about 10 lines in the whole movie , and she overemotes every one of those.As if the whole schmaltzy stew were not cloying enough , there is a running theme about King Arthur , complete with hallucinations of knights on horseback . Maybe this kind of fatuous moralizing is good for 6 year olds , but if you 're older than that , and have a brain cell , this movie will either make you laugh out loud or turn your stomach . Even kids deserve better .
 I was highly unimpressed with The Mighty . Here we have another ` strong friendship between two outcasts and one of them dies ' movies , which I believe is a difficult genre to do well . The problem is that the friendship does n't start until after the movie begins , and 2 hours -LRB- or however long it was -RRB- is too short to develop that . If you want to see a movie with the same general idea that is done well , rent ` Simon Birch . ' One reason it does well , aside from its strong story line , is that the friendship is already established and the viewers can get on with the events of the plot . Acting was decent at best in the movie . Many times it looked prefabricated , such as the sewer scene and the ambulance scene . And the knight motif got real old , real fast . There 's plenty of other movies worth your dollars out there-don ' t waste them on this one .
 This movie is horrible . The emphasis here is on horrible . You 'll catch yourself rolling your eyes as the ... imagines he is in Camelot . Can someone please tell this kid to get a life ? Real children do not act this way . This movie lacks drama and creativity in place of blunt realism . Its not a movie that picks you up and makes you dream . Rather this movie makes you think the world ... You 'll question why someone would make such a film . Pretty much all of the characters are seedy and trashy . Watch this movie if you would like to know what takes place in the lives of trashy people . For inspriration and beauty into the better things of life look at my favorite movies Shakespeare in Love and Gone With the Wind . And if you really want some blunt realism at least watch a quality film like Good Will Hunting . Moral of the story , DONT WATCH THIS MOVIE !!! . Thanks .
 I had to watch this movie in school today . Very boring from beginnig to end . Do n't watch .
 This movie is about two kids Culkin and Ratliff . One of them is a small crippled kid named Kevin . He has an illness which means he has a disease in which his internal organs grow but his body does n't . The other kid is Max who is a very tall boy and an outcast who ca n't read or study well . They become friends and form the mighty which is that Max puts Kevin on his shoulders so that Kevin does n't need his crutches . Max describes it as , `` It was like at that moment he became my brian and I became his feet . '' They bring justice and help people out with struggles . People say about them , `` That 's what we call a couple of freaks . '' I like the movie and I suggest you go see it becouse it helps you learn what kids like Kevin and Max are going through and how opposite pepole can become good friends .
 Stars for the music in this movie . It was okay I guess , I hate when sctors/actresses look into the camera , and this happens throughout the movie . I think the story line was in good taste , the film was just kinda ehh . But it 's a good falling asleep movie . I actually watched it on netflix so it was n't like I paid for it . I 'm searching or this cambodian rock music though
 This movie was pretty pathetic . It drags on , and slowly gets better.It wallows in pathetic situations , kind of over does it.I regret paying to watch it .
 Reality Bites seemed fresh when it was first released , giving voice to a generation - with the unfortunately derogative soubriquet of `` X '' - that was overeducated , underemployed , plagued by the flashy , trashy commercialism of MTV , and stunningly superficial in its wholehearted embrace of pop culture and rejection of serious moral or philosophical discourse it might have stumbled across in college.It was a good start because transitioning from the idyllic and unreal world of college to the crass , cruel arena of materialism can be tough , providing limitless opportunities for challenge and personal growth - the very stuff of real movies . Instead we have a swan dive into a Pizza Hut commercial held together by a plot so shop-worn it would have been considered exhausted in 1930 . Winona Ryder is winning as Lelaina , but one can only imagine the SATs of football players at a college where she is valedictorian . Her `` documentary '' is appallingly narcissistic , reflecting the characteristic Gen X notion that - `` if it 's about me , it 's art , and it 's important . '' Ethan Hawke does an excellent job as Troy , the very archetype of self-satisfied , supercilious entitlement . We are expected to root for him , but it 's hard to refrain from hoping he gets hit by a bus.Stiller , who directed - a talented fellow almost impossible to look at - plays Michael , the `` anti-Troy . '' Smooth , successful , and very much plugged into the contemporary franchising of Gen X culture - if culture is the right word - he 's an executive at an MTV-ish corporation . That he improves Lelaina 's preposterous `` documentary , '' rather than destroying its alleged artistic integrity , is the film 's dirty little secret.Viewers surprised by who wins Lelaina 's hand will also be stunned to learn that professional wrestling is fixed and Liberace was gay . Indeed , when you strip away the thin veneer of pop culture references this is really a very traditional movie . Janeane Garofalo is outstanding as always , and John Mahoney shines as the TV morning chat show host who looks sweet and avuncular on camera but is in fact , a bastard . His performance says more about the likelihood of finding anything even remotely resembling reality in film - or on TV - than the rest of this film put together.In fact , reality is great , this picture would have benefited from some .
 This unoriginal knock-off of Singles -LRB- 1992 -RRB- glorifies losers who find no purpose in their life , and make little effort to find it . The whole camera-in-the-face-of-virgins-of-the-real-world idea , first seen in Singles , has so much more potential than realized in this film , which has our chain-smoking heroine chosing between two equally unworthy suitors , a stereotypical business-suit Jewish yuppie with no life , and an equally stereotypical artistic drifter with no ambition .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I could n't even stand to watch it all . I think the most spot-on review for this film is the one entitled `` Stereotyped Bid For Hipness '' further down this list of reviews . I could n't have said it better.The characters are so self-consciously ` cool ' that they end up coming across as being hideously uncool . All the characters are so unlikeable and immature that it is difficult to care what happens to them . Normally I like these actors but they are drowning here .
 I 'm a little embarrassed that I dislike `` Reality Bites '' so much , since I was still in college when I first saw it in the theaters and I was exactly in its target audience . However , I have a visceral negative reaction against this flick . This , even though I love Garofalo and I like all the other actors . I 'm amazed that Ben Stiller -LRB- who I usually find entertaining -RRB- directed this mess . I guess it was the depiction of my generation-mates as shallow and dumb that was part of it ... then there was the hideous love triangle that left Ryder 's character with a choice between the boring , exploitative executive and the disaffected slacker-with-an-edge . The pop culture references meant to appeal to Gen-Xers were grating and gratuitous . Finally , the revelation that it 's tough to start a career when you do n't have self-esteem , ambition , or any kind of plan in general did n't strike me as too earth-shattering . I know lots of people who loved this flick , and I guess it could be appealing if you 're also at a crossroads in your life , you ca n't get enough of growing-up-in-the-80 's references , and you swoon madly over hunky Ethan Hawke . I could n't stand it , though .
 I 've seen ethan hawk 's best performance ever in this movie . it was great . Wiona ryder and other actors were great too but it was not even a memorable movie . it has a predictable sipmle story that made no sense at least for me . maybe I 'm not right but in my opinion , this movie does not worth to buy . does not even worth to rent . but gh the movie itself does not worth anything but it 's soundtrack issome channels may show it occasionally . It 's worth to be watch once at TV!By the way , I forgot to mention that this movie has a great CD soundtrack , really great . worth to buy !
 This was probably the first movie I was ever tempted to walk out on . My daughter could n't wait to see it , and I could n't turn down a chance to see a Winona movie back then . As a senior member of Gen-X , I was insulted to find that the movie represented me . Blech . Let me assure you , it does n't represent anyone but whining Hollywood socialites like Ben Stiller , Janeane Garofalo , Winona Rider , and Ethan Hawke.Are we actually supposed to believe that the valedictorian had n't memorized the conclusion to her speech , or that she lost her notes ? Are we supposed to sympathize with a character that does nothing but complain about her father , but then accepts the BMW he gives her and the gas card that she uses to pay off her astrology hotline bills ? Now maybe the second inconsistency is a cute attempt at depth , but the first is just lame.We are told over and over that the Ethan Hawk character is smart , but at no point is he actually * shown * to be smart . He quotes TV commercials . He plays in a band that covers Violent Femmes songs -LRB- badly -RRB- . He majored in philosophy . Big deal - if they did n't keep telling us , you would think that he was just a lazy , arrogant , no-talent slob.The `` gay character '' shows up in three 10 second appearances -LRB- or maybe it was just 2 , and I was hoping for a third so the movie would explain what the others were all about ? -RRB- . I ca n't believe that anyone would include a gay character so gratuitously - maybe the rest of it ended up on the editing room floor . If not , then I want to know - where were the Native American , black , Puerto Rican , Haitian , transvestite , transexual , AB negative , and other minority characters?Buy this movie used -LRB- you do n't want to encourage them to print more -RRB- . Destroy it and incinerate the pieces . Then buy something worth watching and relax in the knowledge that you have done something positive for humanity . Then go get Singles or Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion - they succeed in being just as deep as RB without the pretension , and they are a heck of a lot more entertaining -LRB- and the soundtrack to Singles is better -RRB- .
 Halfway through RB Ben Stiller makes an extremely prophetic comment . This comment describes exactly the level of insight into life that the viewer can expect from RB . Stiller comments that he -LRB- as a TV exec -RRB- knows more about what a woman needs than Ethan Hawke , with all his -LRB- Hawke 's -RRB- IQ and his sophomoric ramblings.Unfortunately that is not the message this flick is trying to convey , since we end up being expected to believe that Ethan , with his criminal habits , has the inside track on life . Great . If this is what we can expect from GenX then God help us , it 's time to invest our future somewhere outside the U.S.In this movie we have 4 losers.We do n't learn much about Steve Zahn , outside that he acts like a druggie and is gay . But the other three are definitely on the fast track to nowhere.Janeane Garofolo is a promiscuous slut and we are expected to feel sorry for her when -LRB- I guess , it 's all sort of vague -RRB- she contracts HIV . D'uh . Her diary shows 66 partners and she ca n't seem to remember the name of the dude she just slept with.Winona Ryder plays another GenX idiot who blows a perfectly decent job because , apparently , the people who hired her expect her to do the duties they hired her to do . This is too much for her . After all she is 23 years old and has a college degree ! After she embarasses the guy she 's working for on national TV she ca n't figure out why no one else in the industry will hire her ! She actually proves that he was right to not want her as his assisstant . What an idiot she is . But we are supposed to think she is `` hip '' and her boss -LRB- who 's paying the salary by the way -RRB- is wrong . She then `` handles '' her unemployment problems by running up huge phone bills on the psychic hotline . What a double idiot . She then `` handles '' her money problems by running a credit card scam , stealing hundreds of dollars from her father . She basically portrays a criminal . All her life she has been given just about everything on a platter and she rewards the people who helped her with criminal acts.Then we come to the worst loser of the bunch . Ethan Hawke ca n't even hold a job at a newsstand . The reason is simple . He is so low on any sort of understanding of the concepts of right and wrong that he steals from his employer . He then sponges off his friends , living rent free and doing nothing to earn it , sneaking his laundry into theirs ... you get the picture . But I guess that since he has such a `` high IQ '' we are supposed to feel his angst . He 's just too `` smart '' to be required to actually do something valuable to earn his keep . He just deserves to live free on everyone else 's nickel because he read a few books by Hegel and Kant once . His `` philosophy '' is unbelieveably simplistic , but as for that there is nothing that anyone is going to learn philosophy-wise in college that has n't been known since the Egyptians and the Greeks anyhow . But this guy wears his insane nihilistic beliefs like a badge of honor . He is simply lazy and a criiminal and the reason his life is a mess is no mystery at all . He simply has mucked it up on his own . The way he treats Ryder is beneath contempt . And , honestly , anyone who tried to treat me in as contemptible fashion as he did Ben Stiller would learn some manners really quickly as he picked his teeth up off the floor . She naturally dumps Stiller , who offers her everything , for Hawke , who has given and will give nothing but grief.The only character with any redeeming qualities in this abominable waste of celluloid is Ben Stiller . At least he has a job . He is involved in the entertainment industry . But true to form , when he tries to make Ryder 's sophomoric video documentary into something actually entertaining , he is held in contempt for selling out or something like that.The parents are , naturally , depicted as members of the establishment , unable to understand their GenX children , only interested in money . . yadda yadda yadda ... you 've heard it all before . But it was done in an entertaining fashion in `` The Graduate '' . RB is a sort of a 90 's Bataan Death March . However the `` prisoners '' are too psychotic to see that the `` guards '' really are trying to help them out . These GenX dweebs are just too hung up in their own self-importance to ever really see that . So they blithely march down the path of self-destruction and treat every opportunity they come across as some sort of horrible torture.To be successful in life you have to be able to provide something of value that other people want and are willing to pay for . Does GenX believe that they deserve to live well without doing anything for it ? Apparently the real -LRB- and unintentional -RRB- lesson this movie teaches is that Genx has it so incredibly easy that these people have to contrive really stupid situations in order to create an apparency that their lives have any sort of value . Even the baby boomers had the Vietnam War to force them to some semblance of maturity . This movie depicts GenX as the biggest generation of spoiled brats and losers in history.I do n't believe that GenX deserves to be treated this contemptibly .
 If you like movies about self-indulgant young adults , enjoy . As far as I 'm concerned , this film had no redeeming value and sent the wrong message to young viewers .
 I think Ben Stiller is a very talented individual , thank God nobody held this waste of 99 minutes against him.If you identify with self-absorbed , pampered and immature Gen-Xers , hey great , but I spend enough time in real life trying to avoid these negative slouches , I 'm sorry I deliberately visited their shallow world here.Winona Ryders offscreen shoplifting and pill-popping troubles make her undisciplined , whiny and self-pitying role here easy to swallow , but it 's still something you would not want anywhere near your plate.Watching her kvetch about the world being against her and abuse her rich daddy 's credit privileges would make Gahndi want to smack her . 40 hours a week of hard labor and a little sunshine would probably do wonders for her on and off-screen persona.Fellow pillhead/whiner co-star Garafolo hits a funny one-liner or two , but the subplot of her HIV scare is weak and she rates straight zeroes and F 's as a dramatic actress.Janeane is not without worth though , I think she 's great for cameos like in `` The Cable Guy '' but as a supporting star , a lead -LRB- `` Truth About Cats and Dogs '' -RRB- she 's just not equipped with a personality or talent worth investing emotionally in.This movie leans toward chick-flickdom with a romantic decision to be made by Ryders character . No big surprise who she chooses , by the time that 's happened , little growth or resolution worthy of applause has occurred in these contemptous nitwits lives , the viewer is likely bored , unsatisfied and 99 minutes closer to death.AVOID this LOSER like a vomiting hobo .
 ben Stiller who was so hilarious in Something About Mary directed this generation X -LRB- ? -RRB- film about love in the 90 's and existence without meaning and all that hoosa-fudge . These teeny Bopper movies about finding love without caring about anything really piss me off . You wan na see a good teen film ? go see KIDS , its more realistic , more substancial and funny as hell sometimes . Winona Ryder you are so damn annoying in this movie I cant believe it . Ethan Hawke delivered some great lines but never really made up his mind of what the hell he really believed in . Sorry but this is not as good a film as all these reviewers say it is . see KIDS , thats a great great great film .
 I graduated college in 1993 . Yet almost a year later I was working as a retail sales clerk . I guess I was one of those underachieving Gen-X `` slackers '' this movie was trying to reach for its audience . I am now ashamed to admit that I paid to see this movie when it was released . But I swear I only did so because Winona Ryder was and still is -LRB- despite her criminal record -RRB- very nice to look at and not because I thought this movie spoke to me about my generation or any nonsense like that.This movie is about four recently graduated college friends who find adjusting to the real world to be tougher than they thought . They end up either working at jobs that they feel are beneath them or they just do n't work at all . Meanwhile , their social lives are in turmoil . The story mostly centers around little Winona 's character and the two men who compete for her affections . One of these men is played by Ethan Hawke as the penultimate 90 's hipster slacker . He 's an arrogant philosophy major/musician/poet who chain smokes , has nothing but contempt for people in `` corporate America '' -LRB- ie anyone who works -RRB- , and has taken aggressive stances against getting a job , shaving , and washing his hair . In other words
 Many reviewers and critics said it best ... what do you do when the `` hero '' of the film -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- is a complete a -- hole , Winona Ryder is a horrid documentarian that would give Ed Wood , Jr. a run for his money , and Stiller , who is supposed to be the bad guy , actually is n't that bad of a human being ? And Winona 's friends are the smarmy , arrogant , Generation X punks who think they know everything -LRB- when the reality is -LRB- forgive the pun -RRB- they do n't know jack -RRB- . Past generations would quote Tolstoy and Shakespeare , Generation X quotes TV commercials , Scooby Doo cartoons , Star Wars , and bad sitcoms . Generation X is probably the most insincere generation ever , detaching themselves and calling themselves `` ironic '' , when all they really do is indulge in pretentious pseudo-intellectualism . Is this film an accurate portrayal of them ? Yes , in some ways . Is the film worth watching ? Yeah , at least once . Stiller gives a decent performance , it 's nicely shot , and Garofalo actually almost gives her slacker character depth . This is probably due to the fact that Garofalo actually has some substance herself , as opposed to the character she plays.Check it out more as an artifact of its time more than a cool film .
 I 've been out of high school for six years now , and I STILL ca n't understand why so many of my ` hip ' classmates thought Winona Ryder was such an icon . With the exception of `` Beetlejuice '' -LRB- which led to thousands of girls dying their hair black and proclaiming themselves ` Goths ' -RRB- and maybe `` How To Make An American Quilt , '' name something substantial that Ryder has done . `` Reality Bites '' was the talk of my senior year -- `` Dude , it was made for US '' ... `` Its ` The Breakfast Club ' of the 90s '' ... `` Ethan Hawke is , like , such a hottie '' -LRB- yes , that word was used back then , too -RRB- Here 's the fat and skinny on `` Reality Bites '' -- apart from the good music , it 's a cliched , muddled film about young adults who pride themselves on being ` hip ' -LRB- as opposed to ` cool ' -RRB- . You know the type -- they shop in independant record stores , wear Docs and Birkenstocks , use Salinger and TS Eliot quotes as the `` witty conversation '' portion of a date , and think being seen holding a double mocha latte will make you seem intelligent . If you are one of these templates , this is the movie for you . If you want real movies about the young adult experience , try a Greg Arraki -LRB- pre ` Doom Generation ' -RRB- film or `` Over The Edge '' or `` Kids . ''
 I remember this movie being sooo much better ! What a bummer to watch it now and think the characters are not all that great . I also own Singles , which is a 90s staple in my book . Cameron Crowe 's writing stands the test of time . It is still a pleasure to view . Reality Bites , I 'm sorry ... you just bite !
 This movie like its title BITES . This movie is nothing more than self absorbed people who have no bloody idea of what they want out of life . I use to be a big fan of Ryder back in the early 90 's , mind you I was only 12 years old when this movie came out in 1994 , but her character as the whiny Lelaina -LRB- whatever her name was -RRB- was enough for me to start disliking her movie choices . I Liked her in `` Little Women '' but after this movie I pretty much lost interest in her work . Ethan Hawke is a pretty good actor but I wanted to punch him in the face in this movie and Winona Ryder was just to self-absorbed , selfish and whinny for my taste . Plenty of people love this movie , I do n't .
 I just finished wathching `` Reality Bites '' and I felt compelled to log on to Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- and warn others about this movie . There were only two reasons that I sat through the whole thing . The first is that I was hoping that it would turn around and be worthwhile . No such luck . ... My biggest complaints are the characters and the story line . This may not be the politically correct thing to say but I would not have been sad to see the character played by Ethan Hawke -LRB- Troy -RRB- walk into stray gunfire and die . It is like this movie is some sort of documentary that aggrandizes the plight of the poor unfortunate `` twenty-somethings '' . Maybe the idea is that it is supposed to teach us how we should forgive their whining and laziness because , the poor pitiful dears , `` They 're confused '' . To this I say , `` Phooey !!! `` The plot is banal and uninteresting . I think that someone was trying to be `` artistic '' . All they accomplished was making an annoying movie .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . The characters were totally unrealistic . Most twenty-somethings do n't act as conceited and immature as these people . I feel sorry for those who liked this movie and came to believe that it is cool to do nothing more than smoke cigarettes , drink coffee , and act like little babies . This movie has nothing to do with actual reality .
 Kinda strange how a film from the nineties can already seem so outdated . You can make this movie more fun by seeing who can spot the most product placements , whether in the dialogue or visual . Certainly out of touch with anything having to do with reality . Ethan Hawke is looking pretty greasy and gross , but it was nice to see that even grunge ca n't ruin Winona Ryder . God , what a babe .
 The script stunk , and the ending was worse . nuff said
 The cast list on this film looked pretty impressive , so I decided to give it a try on Netflix . I could barely get through it . It was slow not in a way that developed characters but rather that seemed focused on playing around with `` original '' camera techniques , such as watching people slouch around through the lens of a VHS video camera . Not worth sitting through - I quickly changed the movie after about half an hour .
 Why are so many of these films that supposedly `` define a generation '' composed of nothing but media stereotypes and cliches ? Sitting through this thing was like chowing down on a zweiback from 1979
 I always thought actors and actresses tend to in some way play the people they really are in actual life on screen and unfortunately i really believe this is who Ethan Hawke and Winona Ryder are . Reality Bites explores newly college graduates and their life 's as they become part of the system . Winona Ryder is a wreck , who continuously takes abuse from Ethan Hawke only to fall in love with him in the end . Ethan Hawke plays the ultimate sleazeball with no care for anyone 's feelings , personal belongings , or really even himself , he looks a mess , and he plays a mess , and he spends the whole movie abusing Winona Ryder . Steve Zahn , Ben Stiller , and Janeane Garofalo on the other hand actually put on good performances . If your looking for a movie that explores the abuse , and sexual objectification of women , as well as the glorification of the stoner party then this is the movie for you . Its unfortunate what this movie is telling young people , and telling young women . `` If he treats you like s *** , and uses you for all you got , and then has sex with you , he must really love you . '' Disappointing .
 Reality is not the only thing that bites . This movie really bites , along with the acting . Is Ethan Hawke supposed to be cool in this movie . If I met this guy on the street i would laugh at what a joke he is .
 No , this film bites ! Has there ever been another film where the main characters are so unlikable ? Winona Ryder is supposed to be the valedictorian of her class , and her acquaintance Ethan Hawke is routinely described as having a `` high IQ '' - yet they are both lazy , criminally inclined and , well , unlikable . Ben Stiller plays a buffoon executive who is so inarticulate as to invite audience scorn.Nor are the situations plausible . Ryder , the `` valedictorian , '' forgets the final pages of her speech and ca n't perform simple arithmetic after 3 attempts . -LRB- ??? -RRB- Later , at work she whines , `` I only make $ 300 dollars a WEEK !!! '' If the producers had done any research into a typical valedictorian , they might have found out that most get there by hard work and discipline , can actually perform simple math , and have decent starter jobs lined up far in advance of graduation.But ignoring that for the moment , you still have to wonder why the producers were so off-base on Gen-Xers , presumably their target audience . If they had bothered to check , they would have found tons of minimum wage earners -LRB- which , at the time the movie came out , was LESS than $ 200 per week ! -RRB- , kids sharing housing with 10-15 friends to make ends meet , second hand cars or no cars at all , no health insurance , or living with mom just to survive etc. - and most of them not going ballistic about it either . But instead , we have Winona in a professional job atmosphere - no hedge trimming or dish washing here - making a reasonable starter wage , which we are supposed to believe is unbearable . Apparently since Hollywood types have a tough time making it on $ 1,000,000 + per year , they figure only the homeless earn $ 300 per week.So , Ryder , up to her armpits in `` angst , '' embarrasses the guy she 's working for on national TV and gets fired . She then sits around in her apartment aimlessly , calls the psychic hotline and steals hundreds of dollars from her father . Yes , this is your valedictorian displaying the work habits that got her to the top of her class.Ethan Hawke is lazy , criminally inclined , and irritating . So , naturally Ryder falls for him . That , I guess , is the only redeemable point in the movie . When viewers want to know `` how on EARTH could SHE take up with HIM ?? '' the answer is , correctly , `` hey , reality bites . `` It 's too bad to see talented actors wasted in a film like this , because they deserve better .
 The Bottom Line : A depressingly formulaic and unappealing movie in which the main character must decide romantically between a suit-wearing bigshot and a soulful poet-writing ne'er do well -LRB- guess which one she chooses -RRB- , Reality Bites should be of interest only to those who want to steep themselves in mid-90 's nostalgia .
 I bought this film on the strength of the first film , Eating Out . It was an enjoyable movie , but the lines that brought such laughter from Gwen -LRB- Emily Brooke Hands -RRB- and some of the other cast were absent from this film . The first film was set in Tucson , AZ , but this film appears to be studio based . It is an OK movie , but if you 're expecting the laughter that was based on the lines in the first film , you 'll be disappointed in this one .
 I enjoyed the original movie so much that I have watched it again and again , and have recommended it to friends , who also loved it . I could barely make it through this sequal the first time !
 The title says it all really - sloppy second movie . I have waited for this for so long . I loved Eating Out and was hoping for much more -LRB- and better -RRB- of the same . No it was quite anticlimactic - this says it is the first gay sequel but they just relied on a bit of slapstick and a weak script . The nude model and new guy Troy -LRB- Marco Dapper -RRB- is much better looking than the Eating Out original movie Marc -LRB- Brett Chukerman -RRB- who was supposed to be the hotty - he was notty the hotty . This is a farce which is not the genre I tend to like - was it supposed to be ? The romantic ribbons of story in the first story are missing in this cobbled together sequel . On a positive note Tiffini -LRB- Rebekah Kochan -RRB- is becoming better on screen - she was too campy over-acty in the last movie . In this one she is slimmer -LRB- not that she was fat before , she was certainly voluptuous :0 . She is looking stunning in this one . On the other hand I did n't take to Emily Brooke Hands in this one , Gwen was just poorly regurgitated ... no growth , stale . The story is poor , the premise is ridiculous , and I missed the original Marc . Q. Allan Brocka did MUCH better with Boy Culture , now THAT I recommend.Boy CultureShock to the System
 I enjoyed the first film . It was n't great , but it was okay . Okay enough to own . The only good thing about this sequel is that it makes the first one look so much better . All the characters are way too cartoonish and overplayed to be taken seriously . The story structure is the same as the first with the ` seduction scenes ' framed by the story scenes . Trouble is , there 's no story here . Character flaws aplenty -LRB- Kyle was a music student in the first and now he 's an art student , along with Gwen and Tiffany . When did all that happen ? -RRB- Lots of hot boy flesh to enjoy and a couple frontal nude moments are about the only pluses to be found in this trainwreck . The writers probably would have been better off centering on new characters and try a fresh story instead of trying to recycle the first one and then sloppily tacking on a message with the anti-gay group , which played out like a ploy that seemed more at home in a ` Police Academy ' . The first movie worked out into a sweet gay love story but this one just flopped around like a fish fresh out of the water , and just like that fish , this one stinks !
 The leading man was handsome and fun to look at . The script and acting were lame . I felt more could have been done to make this script work .
 stupid - sucked . dumb actors . no sex . too many women . wtf ? waste of money and time . dont rent this one .
 I was very disappointed with this movie . Acting not good . Story was extremely predictable.It was ok but wish I had spent the money on something else .
 The island scenes are nice but it is a boring video . You put it on to play while you work as background noise . They focus too long on beach scenes and water .
 Aloha . So , Hawaii is amazing , thus the footage subjects are beautiful . Everything else , though , is mediocre
 This was not my best purchase . Blu-ray quality is not equal to any of the other BD discs in my library.Not what I was hoping for and certainly does not match it 's description .
 The web site does not let me change stars on my rating , the movie is 4 stars and the DVD is 1 starDVD TREATMENT = 1 star but movie is 4 starsFirst of all , it is only fair that I alert you to the fact that the DVD copy sold at the time of my review is not an improvement over the last VHS release . There was no effort to re-master the picture , sound , colors , or to use Widescreen , no extras . Save your video for now , or if you do not have one buy the VHS version , it is loads cheaper and it has nothing less in quality or features than the DVD . Maybe Disney will get the hint and come out with a better version.MOVIE REVIEW = 4 starsA slapstick sequel to `` The Apple Dumpling Gang '' from 1975 , -LRB- Tim Conway and Don Knotts -RRB- as Amos and Theodore , the goodhearted bumbling western bandits now want to go straight . Most of the characters from the first movie are gone , most noticiblay the kids . Amos and Theodore arrive in a new town and somehow get accused of robbery when they go to the bank to open an account . In trying to get away from an angry lawman Marshall Hickock -LRB- Kenneth Mars -RRB- , They hide in an army wagon which is heading to the fort so they are forced to join the army but succeed in burning down their own post , Fort Concho . Somebody has been stealing the valuable supplies the troops need . Turns out there is a smuggling ring that stages robberies right from their jail cells in a military prison . They befriend Private Reid -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- . and Major Gaskill -LRB- Harry Morgan , strangely he is back in a completely different part than the first movie -RRB- who is being ruined by a crafty underhanded Lieutenant Ravencroft -LRB- Robert Pine -RRB- . The lieutenant is engaged to the Majors daughter -LRB- Elyssa Davalos -RRB- . A lot of funny character actors of the day appear in quick walk on scenes such as - Ruth Buzzi is hilarious as Tough Kate , and Jack Elam as Big Mac , Audrey Totter as Martha , the blind cabin woman . Look for the scene near the end when poor Amos and Theodore are dressed as women to hide in the wagon train , when it gets attacked by Indians . The movie starts a little slow , so give it a chance to get going . You need to take this movie for what it is , it never takes itself seriously and is basically an F-Troop type send-up spoof of other western movies and shows . It is all clean silly fun , suitable for the entire family.TRIVIA & BEHIND THE SCENES
 This movie lacked creativity in so many elements . It was just silly , unfortunately without being very funny . I have n't seen the first one but this one was quite disappointing .
 Missed the mark . The actors were good but the story was lacking and had horrible monster effects ! There were some tense moments that had real potential but then fell flat . Only kept me interested enough to fast forward through to see how it ended ... disappointing .
 Really nice camerawork . But the script is weak . Characters are not fully developed , and their behavior is undermotivated , especially towards the end of the film . The monster is just silly . Disappointing .
 I watched this because I have Amazon Prime . If I had paid otherwise , I would 've been very disappointed . It is Alien . On a farm . Not near as good . And its not that isolated . People keep coming by . So , if you do n't have anything else to do , it 's a good way to spend an hour and a half . Otherwise , I 'd try another choice .
 The story was interesting but the movie took to long to get anywhere . Additionally there also was n't a single character that I cared about in the film . It did n't matter if they lived or they died . I felt more remorse watching the cows get killed ... I do n't think that was intentional on the directors part . I hated all the actors especially the girl and the guy . The creatures ... . well they were the worse design I have ever seen in a monster flick and I mean out of even the cheesiest ones . If you could imagine a turkey after everyone has carved their piece off that is your monster . Thanksgiving leftovers . '
 Good premise , but it dragged on and on and ... . And it really did n't know where it was going ! I found it to be just a movie some people with a bad effects team decided to throw together . Plus , they were n't really sure how to end this debaucle !
 Theoretically another pointless horror flick with a very sloppy storyline failing to grasp my attention.A plot monotonously presented and rather too absurd to even consider the existence of killer cows.Also with the unpersuasive , weak and shiftless characters , who I felt nothing for in any of their circumstances , though I may give credit to Romanian actor Marcel Iures who has always impressed me in most of his previous films and alas is cast in a humdrum undemanding role of the evil scientist of doom!An unyielding caution to anyone who decides to view this desolate film , make sure you have a strong stomach in owning to the overdone effects and props of blood and entrails that can be seen practically in every single scene .
 This movie was kind of lame . Cows give birth to human-craving spikey rings of disfigured calf . Then you have the characters
 I have to admit it , I have never seen a movie where mutant cows terrorize people ... unless Billy O'Brian watched South Park . To be fair it really was n't the killer calf per se , but the mutant offspring of the calf . I have also never seen a horror movie with mutant rabid butterflies either , that does n't mean we need to rush out and make one . The acting was a very stiff . I do n't see how anyone would rave over this , it just was n't that good . The calf delivery scene dragged on forever , even in FF speed . Might be worth watching , but not if you have to pay for it .
 While $ 2.00 is not a lot of money , this poorly produce , scattered collection of appropriated ideas was confusing -- both a waste of time and money . Maybe more so because there 's potentially a decent argument within , that I watched , and waited for way longer than necessary . There is no purpose within many scattered speculations . Ironic , is n't it that in light of its name , it fails to connect any dots ? The author seems to be exploiting too many good ideas by others , and any reasonable thinker 's patience .
 Who is n't interested in watching a Norwegian-made movie that comes with effusive , over the top , praise blurbs on its cover?I have to say that I was stoked to see this little treasure in my stocking but I 'm sorry to say that the initial buzz and excited anticipation were the biggest bang I got out of this buck.The problem is that the movie starts off at a very slow jog and loses pace from there . A part of the problem is that it has the look and feel of an art school project -LRB- see also ` Looking for Leonard ' same vibe , different look -RRB- , and sadly , the same level of quality.What initially kept me engaged about this coming out of prison-falling in with/escaping from former life/colleagues tale is its foreignness
 It 's hard to come up with a single positive thing to say about this miserable , nasty film . It was shot at Truckee -LRB- Donner -RRB- Lake , but the photography is so mediocre that even this does n't count for much.As for the story
 Do n't waste your time or money on this terrible movie . I was really looking forward to the release of this movie and what a disappointment it is ! It starts out with the pioneers already stranded in the mountains . You never even see the Donners or their camp . I have read multiple accounts of the actual tragedy and what takes place in this movie is not even close to the real story as told by the survivors and historians . As if the true story was n't horrific and dramatic enough , they have to fictionalize it and try to make it even worse . There was nothing redeeming about this movie in my opinion . I think the final insult is at the end when it is dedicated to the Donner Party .
 I would have to agree with Mick McAllister 's review on this movie . I watched the PBS special on the Donner Party and have read several accounts of this chilling part of pioneer history . Quite an amazing American story that would make a weighty movie , indeed , if done well . Academy award stuff . I 've also read some articles on those who dispute some of the findings of the historians and who question the accuracies of the diaries written along with challenging actual witness testimony , and some who feel the cannibalism was exaggerated , so on and so forth . All thought provoking reading that highlight and enlighten , bringing more life to the story.So with all the information out there about this historical journey , why did the movie focus on this one particular part of their journey , with no lead up ? The movie just opens up with these few selected characters , in which the movie seems to stir them all up into a stew of the moviemaker 's own creation . And in only targeting this particular moment in time when these selected few decide to go further west to get help , when SO MUCH had gone on BEFORE that got these people to this point , was completely deleted from the movie 's narrative , makes the film lack context.When you have accurate and real compelling history available to you that is far more powerful than anything Hollywood can come up with , why would you resort to poetic license ? Why would you distort events and misrepresent people ? There 's no reason for it and yet Hollywood distorts history all the time . I do n't get it ? It 's a WTF moment . This is why Hollywood is so bankrupt . It has a gift handed to them in this historical event and they screw it up.Granted it would be too costly to make a more intricate movie dealing with all that went on , as there were so many people on the trail , each with their own stories , and it would need more than one movie , I suppose , to make a more comprehensive film . But this attempt , I am sorry to say , left me very much wanting -- wanting for something more substantial . The Donner Party deserves a better telling to their experience than this . This was a very disappointing film about a very important part of human history .
 This movie is deficient in a variety of ways . First , although it is shot on location , the photography is so bland and uninteresting that it may as well have been shot in my backyard . Secondly , the script is weak , although the actors do a fine job with so little material . However , the worst aspect of this movie is the lack of historical accuracy , on every level . There are 2 murders portrayed which did not actually happen , and the murders that did happen are not portrayed ! The characters are wrong , and the approach to the cannibalism is simply revolting . While it did really happen , why must a movie protray the group eating `` human flesh '' -LRB- which looked like chicken -RRB- about 5 different times ? The real `` Forlorn Hope '' -LRB- who did NOT name themselves , by the way . . the military term was ascribed to them 30 years after the distaster by an author -RRB- even ate their own moccasins before resorting to eating the dead , with great reluctance . Do n't bother with this dreary , plodding film .
 One of the most harrowing disasters in pioneer history , the Donner Party migration of 1846 to California has resisted film treatment . The dark subject matter involves fate , unimaginable suffering , and cannibalism . It 's more than a lurid tale , but if you 're going to make a film on this subject , you better have a budget . Rookie writer/director T.J. Martin appears to have barely a dime in his 2009 film `` The Donner Party . '' But that does n't stop him from trekking through the snow with an unknown cast in this straight-to-video release.With the exception of the brilliant 1992 documentaryThe American Experience
 I was just at Donner Pass . This movie is nothing like what really happened at Donner Pass
 As the title states , it purports to be a nonfiction . The unsuspecting viewer may be lured into thinking that they are actually viewing an event that happened in our early history when in reality , they are watching a fiction . This DVD should be titled anything except `` The Donner Party '' but then again , the maker would not be able to cash in on the namesakes actual tragedy that did take place .
 Although the actors were fine , the film did very little to portray the real conditions that the Donner party experienced . In reality the snow at times was so deep that walking was impossible . Also it was historically innacurate - although to be fair it advertises the film as ` based ' on a true story - so I suppose they have added some drama by including murder into the story.Read the book called ` Ordeal By Hunger ' by George Stewart if you want all the true facts . There was one man called Keseberg who was suspected of killing a young child - but only suspected . Then there was a man killed in a fight long before they were trapped in the mountains . The bodies that were eaten were all people who succumbed to hunger and cold - not murder victims.This could have been a really good film , especially as it was actually made in Donner Pass , but seemed to have been poorly put together .
 My mother is a huge history fanatic when it comes to stories of the Donner party . During this film she did n't say much , except to interject with little bits of history that the movie either did n't include or got wrong . Even with my love for Crispin Glover , I could n't make up my mind as to what my true feelings were for this movie.The film says that it covers the Donner party when it only covers the group `` The Forlorn Hope '' that left to find help from civilization . A band of survivors set out with only one person -LRB- Eddy -RRB- knowing how to hunt for food , so before long they have to resort to cannibalism in order to survive.Really ... there 's a huge amount of glaring errors here . Like one reviewer said , there 's scenes where a seemingly hobbled together cabin shows an interior that 's far bigger than what it should be , complete with tables & other fixtures that should n't be there . Settlers did travel with some furniture , but nothing like this & after most of the livestock was killed for food or taken by thieves , the heaviest stuff -LRB- aka the furniture -RRB- would have been the first to go . Since stuff like that would 've been hard to build , it really is something that I ca n't see being all that realistic . Plus they have one of the characters -LRB- Foster -RRB- unable to shoot at the beginning of the film , yet when he has to take a character off into the woods he suddenly becomes a sharpshooter capable of killing a man from over 6-10 feet away.The actors try their hardest & the movie was decent enough that I finished it , but it felt like it was more than a bit of a chore to slog through . By the time the movie finished , I could n't help but think that the film could 've been far shorter ... and then I realized that the film was already short enough as it was . There 's really not a lot of plot here & my two sentence synopsis above really is the whole gist of the movie . There 's not a lot of character development & rather than show HOW the settlers got into such a bad predicament -LRB- a fascinating story in its own right -RRB- or show how the settlers back at the camp were faring , we 're treated to scene after scene of Glover & company whining about how hungry they are . Oh , and we 're supposed to cheer for Eddy , who has been treated as being the `` good guy '' of the movie who is the only one who is smart enough to conserve food & attempts to keep from cannibalism . By the end of the film I just did n't care what happened to any of them . I would have been able to overlook the historical inaccuracies if the film was great , but unfortunately this film is n't . It 's mediocre at best , which disappoints me because usually Glover films are brilliantly done.After the film was said & done , I could n't make up my mind whether or not to give this one , two or three stars . In the end I figured I 'd give it two . I managed to finish the film , but the more I think about the movie , the less I seem to like it . If you 're looking for something to kill an hour & a half , I recommend looking for some of the documentaries out there or going for the movie `` Alive '' . This film really does n't do the true story of the Donner Party justice , which is a shame . The true story & all of the legends surrounding this story are fascinating in their own right .
 What a horrible misrepresentation of this historical , well documented event . This goes beyond creative license . A very , very disappointing effort .
 Boring movie . No historic value , no action , no horror elements . It 's all about canibalism , but movie takes it on psychological level .
 I bought this because i am a fan of Christian Kane and Clayne Crawford.Kane is in the movie for about 5 minutes , Crawford for most of the movie.Sorry the best part of the whole movie was the end .
 How much did this thing cost to make ? Not much , I would imagine . The cast mainly trudges through the snow in the woods , getting lost on the way to California . Hungry , they resort to cannibalism to survive . But the women , and even the men , look way too clean and healthy , their hair perfect and their faces ruddy . They were starving ? Does n't look it . Also , they appear to only make one meal out of each dead body they carve up . But , in reality , they could have survived for days , if not weeks , per body . The score is silly and too melodramatic . The acting is leaden . In all , a waste of time .
 If you have a hard time falling asleep , buy this DVD - you wo n't regret it . You 'll be asleep before it ends . The only way to see how it ends is to fast forward to the last 10 minutes and you will still not know what the plot is about . Even if you manage to keep your eyes open throughout the entire DVD .
 I thought this movie was terrible and it was making me madder as I kept watching it . It 's a true independent movie , and as such I can forgive them for stuff like sound mix being off and the picture being awfully bright . I ca n't forgive them for the unfunny jokes , the lame plot , and one stupid , unrealistic reaction shot after another . Aside from the familiar names in the cast -LRB- Joey Fatone , Mike Starr , and Danica McKellar -RRB- , the acting is quite bad , and the director does them no favors . Also , there 's not necessarily any problem with going back to a premise that 's been done before , but it just goes nowhere . At least if it was something more original -LRB- and originality is not dead -RRB- , it would have been at least interesting to me.So why did I watch it ? Because it 's produced by a guy I met recently in Philadelphia who went to my college and has worked with a production company I 've worked for myself . Very nice guy . He has founded his own production company -LRB- Double Windsor Films/American Dream Machine -RRB- , and they managed to get this movie distributed on DVD and digital through Lionsgate . I commend them for their success -LRB- not only in the distribution , but for getting this and two other unreleased movies made -RRB- , but I came into this with low expectations after seeing the trailer , and they continued to sink even lower . That 's mainly why I consider this movie a waste of potential . It went from being shot in my general region of the country to reaching this wide an audience , yet I found nothing funny nor original about it . Their other movies that have n't been released yet -LRB- &#34; Miss December &#34; and &#34; Booted &#34; -RRB- look better than this one in some ways , and I wish them better success in the future .
 I rented this movie because i was in the mood for a funny guy movie . Well , i expected it to be pretty bad based on the title , but holy cow it blew my mind on how bad it actually was ! It went way to far in some aspects -LRB- watch if you really want to see -RRB- and was just much worse than i expected . I was just speechless that i wasted 2 hours of my life watching that bad of a movie . Only rent if you want to see how bad this movie really is .
 Terrible movie , those tat reviewed it high must not leave thir homes often and have apparently run out of things to watch ! Terrible !
 You 'd have to be blind not to miss the Blaxploitation influence here . Reading the other reviews it seems I am not alone in this department . Even if you do n't look like that as other states the performances are predictable and the movie does n't seem to have any surprises.Anthony Quinn and Yaphette are mirror images of Sidney Poitier 's character and Rod Steiger in `` Heat Of The Night '' . Quinn basically plays a racist police named Capt. Mattelliwhose about as racist as they come beating up any black person in his path , unfortunately no one in this film gives him an equal amount of beatings . You think this is new ? As mentioned it is not and white racist character were often the main characters in Blaxploitation movies.Kotto as Lt. Pope who is working the case with him involving stolen loot of the mafia from a couple of black criminals.Many of the characters in the movie are truly revolting black and white . Again you can equate this as one dimensional evident in most crime drama movies or Blaxploitation flicks . Mattelli is n't the only racist cop , and in fact he 's a hypocrite racist who is taking money from a black mafia kingpin . . There are other racist and corrupt white cops , and for a twist we have some black pimps and dealers who sell out their black partnersin crime . It does n't take a genius to see how this movie will end . Is it enjoyable ? Certainly if you are into these type of movies and are willing to eliminate certain expectations.I do get a kick of Lt. Pope slamming the Captain down calling him a racist sob -LRB- which he is -RRB- and the Captain having the gall to change the subject
 With all the hype i have heard about this movie , i was expecting a lot more out of it . Though the soundtrack was a good one , the plot of this movie really was corny . I 've watched it several times after my initial viewing and it still did n't appeal to me . I am a big fan of the soul cinema , blackexploitation era but this particular movie was not worth it . If your a collector , i suggest you purchase it , otherwise do n't waste your money like i did .
 Weird plot , bad acting . I could not keep watching it in its whole , but I felt that I saw enough to just turn it off .
 Really it is a bad movie , bad acting , bad sound , bad music , and bad story . There is nothing good in this movie please safe your money .
 was n't bad for a short . The acting was ok . I 'm giving it two stars because it could have been a little longer .
 This views like a high school art movie , the script is juvenille , the plot wanders aimlessly at times and its flat . Devoid of any climax , plot twist , moral or life lessons I am left to wonder , what in the world was this movie supposed to be about exactly ????
 cute and clever , but really ? this is not a movie . should be a freebie on youtube and not something one buys from amazon .
 This short 's been done dozens of times before as a movie , a play , o short story , a novel , fan fiction , and porn . The biggest problems with this are not that it 's all trope and no originality , though . The biggest problems are the acting , storytelling , and cinematography . This should not be sold . This is the kind of thing you put on DVD extras with a disclaimer when you 've released a good movie . The camera is jerky . The lighting is terrible . The mic must have been hidden in someone 's pants . The ` plot ' gets moved along via phone call at the start -LRB- as in the trailer -RRB- not once but twice . There 's maybe one good shot of the characters . The best you can say is that Billy Ray Gallion is pretty . If you 're a ` Lost ' completist , you might want to watch . Otherwise , skip it .
 A really senseless piece of work . The story lacked any meaning or focus . Of course , being a &#34; director 's cut &#34; I did n't expect there would be much time for character development . But even at that it was a disappointment . The acting was mundane .
 I is n't bother with this one . It 's very short and at the I said &#34; huh , what was that about &#34; . I would n't waste your money r time ,
 The description misleads and represents this `` film '' as a documentary . it 's not . at BEST it 's a mockumentary ... and a BORING one , at that . i love dan butler for living his life openly as a gay actor in hollywood ... but i 'm sorry to say that this `` film '' shows why he 's never a leading man . and his `` life partner '' -LRB- as his BF is described in the film ... c'mon . it 's the 21st century , `` life partner '' ? -RRB- is no better at pretending it 's all real , either . big disappointment . :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- i give this `` film '' 3 frowny faces .
 This film is a disaster . It is unfortunate that talented people -LRB- Mos Def -RRB- had to `` dumb down '' to share a screen with Beyonce ' Knowles . Ms. Knowles needs to stick to shaking her behind because acting is not a talent she possesses . The music is a joke and the `` all-star cast '' needs to spend more time trying to salvage their music careers . Do not waste precious minutes of your life watching this train wreck . Watch Carmen Jones instead and see just how it 's supposed to be done .
 I thought this movie was going to be much better . I really love musicals so I expected much more from this film , not only were the songs horrible but the acting was not at all convincing . I rented this movie from Blockbuster and it took me three nights to watch it because I kept falling asleep . Yes , it is that boring ! I almost did n't want to finish it but I had to see if it would get better , it did n't . Do not waste your time with this movie . There were no powerful or memorable songs or parts and there was no plot . I did n't care about the characters or what happened to them . It was just dumb . Beyonce was all right as Carmen , she has a beautiful voice but that 's all that kept this movie going . I can understand why a guy would want to watch this movie , there is plenty of Beyonce strutting her stuff but if you are a girl and you are watching it for the reason I did , looking for a love story with great music as a backdrop , then forget it , you wo n't find it here .
 I would have to say that I found this movie to be a disapointment , which is unfortunate . This is because the movie had some potential when it came to music and directing but unfortunately , little of that potential was realized.The movie was directed by Robert Townsend who directed , `` Hollywood Shuffle '' which proved to be ground breaking for its time . Beyonce Knowles has also acted in a few films and has shown that she has some natural talent . With some instruction , assuming she has not had some already , she may well prove to be a very accomplished actress.The major problem with the movie is the script . I know next to nothing about the opera Carmen , but the first movie entitled , `` Carmen '' had a totally different plot . I never understood how Hollywood can remake a classic and re-invent the wheel at the same time . Nine times out of ten it usually proves to be a disaster . This movie being case in point.In any event , it was not just the script that proved to be a hinderance to this film but the directing of it also . I found the camera techniques used to be tiresome to say the least . I could go into more details concerning this but I do not wish to bore you with this review as it discusses every bad idea that was tried in this film from start to finish.I will say this however , although I do not listen to hip hop music at all . I found several of the songs to be orginal , at least to my ears , and not too bad . Fortunately or unfortunately as the case may be , most of the songs that I enjoyed were performed by Beyonce Knowles . As for the rest of the performances , although I have no doubt that it did have rap artists throughout this movie I was not necessarly impressed with their performance as artists or as actors.In conclusion , I can only add that the rappers that I did reconize were Lil ' Bow Wow -LRB- when he was still using that name -RRB- and Mos Def as the bad cop . This film should come with a warning which should read as follows
 What exactly is this supposed to be ? A muscial soap opera ? If you are going to do an adaptation of Carmen that takes place in the 21st century , it might be a good idea to have a few things like
 I am getting sick and tired of people making uneeded sequels to movies like the original C.O.T.C. Quit this sequel crap , please . If you want to se a good sequel running series , watch Friday The 13th .
 i hate to say this , but this is a terrible sequel.i usually like COTC , a lot.1-3 were good and i have n't seen 4-6 yet so i ca n't tell you about those.But this one , no i do n't like this one.i would n't recommend this to anyone -LRB- unless you want to see someone you hate suffer -RRB- .
 Its pretty bad that Dimension films wants a seventh Children Of The Corn . Isaac 's Return was pretty good but revalation ? The story goes that a pair of FBI agents track down a serial killer to a small town , and find out about the town 's children and their evil cult . Another sequel dozzer and if ya ask me its not worth watching
 Children of the Corn -LRB- CotC -RRB- scripts may have never been literary masterpieces , but for some reason , CotC 6 and 7 have scripts that seem like very early drafts -- or even as if they were only partially complete and the directors decided to just wing it for the rest of the film . It 's a shame because both films otherwise had the potential to be quite good.For CotC7 , a relatively oblique path was chosen -LRB- probably to the chagrin of those predisposed to purism -RRB- -- it 's more or less a `` haunted house '' film . This was promising to me , as by the time you get around to the seventh entry in a series , a change of pace is refreshing , and haunted house -LRB- really , haunted anything -RRB- films are probably my favorite horror subgenre.For the first 45 minutes or so , CotC7 was satisfying to me . In fact , for the first 10 or 15 minutes , it seemed reminiscent of the more recent 1408 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , which I loved . It had a good setting , a good premise , good atmosphere , creepy scenes , a bit of eye candy , and even a bit of odd humor.But right about the halfway mark , it starts to unravel . Mysterious characters -LRB- many supernatural -RRB- are never explained , and they keep growing in number . A couple scenes featured supernatural characters that do n't cohere with the rest of the film -- for example , one has a zombie or adult burn victim . The film starts getting choppy , and it begins to feel more like a series of pointless and disconnected `` scary '' set-pieces . Worse , there was a stable of interesting human characters who were never explored enough -- we 're just teased with them and then they 're usually quickly dispatched with relatively generic horror film deaths . And the crux of the story -- Jamie 's -LRB- Claudette Mink -RRB- missing grandmother -- remains murky through the end . The biggest tragedy is that the ball was dropped . With just a bit more work on the script -- another two or three drafts , maybe -- this could have been one of the better entries of this uneven series .
 This movie was awful . Apart from the bad acting , the killings were funny too . They characters had no development either , they were all unnecessary . It was n't scary at all , just funny . LOOK OUT FOR THE KILLER CORN ! AAAH ! The high point of the movie is when you see the gun-nut character in his apartment . If you look to the left of him right after he closes the door , you can see the mic in the mirror ! I laughed for about 5 minutes after that one . Do n't waste your time on this garbage .
 The beginning is extreamly boring but the end I would give five stars . The music was good too but other then that BORING !
 Of all the COTC sequels , this one by far is the worst of the series . It doesnt even have anything to do with the other ones , besides a brief mention of gatlin and `` He who walks behind the rows '' but its just a very brief mention and doesnt really tie into the horrible plot . Also let me say that I , m not strict when rating horror movies , I have liked a lot of them , while others hated them , but I dont see how anyone could watch this movie all the way through without falling asleep or simply dying of total boredom . I mean the only words that the kids use through the first hour of the film is `` Kill '' over and over , It really gets annoying , and the death scenes are also very weak with little to no gore , The sequels before had very graphic , bloody murders . Check this one out only if your a DIE HARD FAN of the series.Rated R for mild violence , language , some nudity and drug use
 No other author in recent memory has had as much consistent success selling books as Stephen King . For roughly three decades the Maine writer churned out book after book , each one selling more and more copies . He 's a world unto himself , the lucky fellow ! He 's so successful that he could throw out his pens , put away his typewriters , bury his word processor six feet under , never write another word in his life , and STILL have enough money to wallpaper the Great Wall of China five times over . In many respects , it 's Stephen King 's world and the rest of us are just living in it . But , and this is a gigantic but , an enormous number of metaphysically bad films based on his novels threaten to put a serious dent in his legacy . We all know the good ones , the ones that not only scared audiences stiff but also helped propel King 's career to even greater heights . `` Carrie '' is probably the best example , followed by `` The Shawshank Redemption '' and `` The Dead Zone . '' These are wonderful , magical films that one can watch again and again without wearying of them . Then there are the rest
 Alright , I believe enough is finally enough . Children of the Corn
 This `` Film '' is only 19 min long and the price is $ 9.99 when Nonook of the North with a like an hour and only $ 1.99 . What the Heck !
 I had to purchase this for a class . This is among the worst documentary shorts I have seen . Yanomami
 To call this film God-awful is an understatement . The story was terrible . The `` acting '' was amateurish . The special effects -LRB- if you want to call them that -RRB- , were very , very low budget.I downloaded this mess to my Tivo for 99 cents , and it was still overpriced . I gave up watching it after about fifteen minutes .
 `` Plaguers '' is an awful movie , from start to finish ! Stop here , say a silent `` thanks '' that you read this review before you wasted time and money , and find a different movie to watch.For those that need more , you should know that I really like Grade `` B '' SciFi and Horror movies . So a movie that is basically a zombie movie on a spaceship should be almost perfect , but every element is just so bad that there is literally nothing to recommend it . Here it is , broken down by element : * Plot
 I am not going to say this is a bad movie . -LRB- it is -RRB- . I am not going to say the production values are bad -LRB- they are -RRB- . I am not going to say the acting was bad -LRB- it is -RRB- . A spacecraft twice the size of Yankee Stadium with an impressive crew of 7-rescues the only survivors of a ship that was attacked by space pirates . the rescued are 4 beautiful women and are soon revealed to be the pirates and they take over the rescue craft . The balance of this atrocity involves an egg-shaped , green glowing orb which turns the cast into flesh eating space zombies . Since the entire cast is 11-the zombies will be hungry pretty soon.There is one scene worthy of MST3K . The only survivir boards an escape pod as the ship blows up . The escape pod looks and is the size of a coffin . All the escapee needs is a pair of pants , a low cut tee shirt and a portable oxygen tank and mask . There is a surprise and I could issue a spoiler but the movie is so ridiculous no one would care .
 Is Steve Railsback forced to remake `` Lifeforce '' again and again like it is some sort of celluloid Flying Dutchman?This is bad . The script is bad . The acting is bad . The gorey effects are bad.And no one in this mess takes the Mathilda May part from `` Lifeforce '' - if you know what I mean and I think you do.I 've seen more tension in an overcooked noodle than that on show in this apology for a film .
 About as low-budget as it gets . Two important life lessons , though
 Ok my fellow flick viewers , there are only 2 things you need to know regarding this movie :1 -RRB- Bad zombies in outer space2 -RRB- Crew of sexy space pirates and no one gets naked.There you go , still wan na see it ??
 Railsback must have had an empty typecasting `` horror/weird '' portrayal week to fit this movie into . Interesting that the remainder of the cast , besides being limited to the usual TV series and video shorts , seem to be living off of cheap horror film gigs for the remainder of their filmography bios.A list of a few obvious deficiencies : Too cheap for subtitles.Two cheap plastic toy models for space ships.Stars that twinkle/blink on and off and roaring space engine sounds both when viewed from the vacuum of space which as every elementary school student knows is flat out wrong which tells us something about the writer/director . Space ships made of hardware store air duct tubing and vast quantities of salvage yard heavy steel fabricated to look like a 1940s factory . Seems as if the director failed to learn anything about mass in space.Script writer who seems enamored with military jargon and swearing to portray toughness and to compensate for something called acting.Storyline of fluorescent green day-glo thingy turning crew into zombies was dumb . Does n't even qualify as spoofing anything if that was an intention .
 Futuristic bomb focuses on sexy space pirates and a glowing green ball that turns people into zombies . Hon hum . The production values are low low budget . The acting atrocious and everything about this film reeks . I felt sorry for Steve Railsback whose once promising career has finally hit rock-bottom .
 Got this one for free so do not mind the movie being so trashy - definitely only for a wet Sunday afternoon when you 're in the mood for a bad movie .
 There 's hardly any plot to this SciFi movie . A spaceship with a small crew has some sort of energy transmitter on board that is needed on earth . Without any real explanation the crew is then attacked by zombie like creatures , that boarded the ship claiming to be in need of being rescued . At first those rescued people seem normal but then they suddenly turn into zombies . And that 's it ... . really that 's all there is to it , except of course the inevitable shootouts and fights between the crew and the zombies . Really , a bad flick if you ask me . The plot just stinks , cause besides the shooting nothing ever else happens , for some 80 minutes or so . Avoid , this turkey , because its not even worth renting it .
 While Road Fools 12 is an amazing video , I am disappointed that I was not warned prior to my purchasing this product that it was an `` e-movie '' or whatever it 's called . I never would have bought it had I realized that it was not available in DVD format . I do n't like the idea of sitting at the computer watching this entire video , and none of the devices I own are included in Amazon 's list of compatible devices that will allow me to watch this on my TV . Furthermore , there is a `` no refund '' policy on these `` e-movies , '' so I am stuck with this $ 15 video that I have yet to , and probably never will , watch in its entirety . This is the first negative experience I have had with Amazon and I hope they will either change their refund policies or add a warning to these kinds of videos in the future .
 First , the formula clich&eacute;s : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Divorced parents . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Rebellious teen daughter . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Cute precocious younger sibling . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- Primary storyline is that the kids are in a summer visit to the , yet unknown lung cancer ridden , dad -LRB- does n't even smoke -RRB- . -LRB- 5 . -RRB- Kids try to get mom and dad back together . -LRB- 6 . -RRB- Daughter gets bumped into at beach by cute vball player , mechanic , animal rights volunteer , Russian speaking -LRB- sort of -RRB- Tolstoy memorizer that says `` sir '' all the time and has obnoxious snobbish parents -LRB- what happened to genetics and learned behavior for developing offspring -RRB- . -LRB- 7 . -RRB- All the other town 's teens provide the movie 's secondary story by acting like they should all really be the illegitimate children of aforementioned obnoxious parents.Second , the acting and story writing : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Miley 's acting consists of smiling between her TV programmed speaking in monosyllabic short sentences skill . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- Unbelievable script such as when Miley vacillates within seconds on several occasions between despising and loving the cute guy . Just does n't fly - it 's just fake drama . Or , when Miley is found with a stolen bracelet in purse and does n't bother to explain to the store that a girl standing a few feet away did it as a prank or to dad who/why it was done . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- The cutaway scenes of cute guy playing vball and Miley playing piano to make it look as if they actually have skills in either endeavor was also laughably fakey . -LRB- 4 . -RRB- Miley tries on a dozen dresses in store with music as a vehicle to show her personality . Really , could n't they create a more challenging scene ? Miley watches over buried turtle eggs and chases a raccoon and then is scared by the same raccoon as the story 's tertiary storyline . Scenes to show her diverse acting skills?Overall , the movie consists of photo ops of Miley in various poses interjected into a time-worn storyline .
 I really did n't like this DVD of Miley Cyrus.She learned to play the piano was good . She can sing . She can act . She actually is a very talented young lady , but this is too young to do these types of movies for a young girl .
 I wanted to watch a movie that was a bit of a chick flick , easy on the eyes , while containing something sad and heart warming . Little did I know I 'd be cringing the whole way through because of the p *** poor acting . I wanted to watch something to switch off - Instead I actually did more work than I would have than if I had n't of watched the movie.Miley Cyprus - Never realised she was a pop star , she should stick to that , at least them I would have never of had to sit through her toneless , dull , boring cliched acting . Her teeth could have had a movie all on their own.And then there 's the little brother , who hates her like they 're worst enemies one minute , then loves her like they never fight . Along with his overacting , they really balance each other out and not in a good way.The ` best friend ' who she meets for the first time at the beach and they just start talking like they knew each other . Honestly I was sitting there wondering if I 'd missed some vital point in the movie - Just , no.The bitchy blonde ex girlfriend - Who kinda has a hate for the main character , but does n't really -LRB- You only see her in one scene -RRB- . It 's like she was just thrown in there just ` because'And the father - who is walking around perfectly healthy and then just happens to collapse , have cancer and dies a week later ? I really wish they would put more thought into the terminal illnesses and the way it develops.Finally , the love story - There is no connection , no emotion , nothing . They simply look like they are stuck on the same set together and given a few lines to read . Who the hell thought they would be a good couple ?? I watched this movie for free and still feel like I 've lost 1 hour 40 minutes of my life . They obviously did n't just want the dad to die , they wanted the audience to die from boredom . Please do n't waste your money .
 In one word , depressing . Okay okay . I liked the storyline overall , but it was just not my kind of movie . It was just way to sad and when I watch a movie I want to come away feeling good . Not like I want to go curl up in a blanket and cry . Although my friend I saw it with loved it . It 's just my taste .
 This movie was TERRIBLE . I ca n't believe it ranks in at a 4/5 . If I could give it zero stars I would . Miley 's acting is at an all time low . She is totally unrealistic as a brooding rebellious teenager . The acting by newcomer Liam Hemsworth is ever worse . But even the best of actors could n't have saved this movie because the writing was God awful . It 's hard to believe this is coming from the guy who wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember . He seems to have gotten lazy and been thinking more about popping out movies and racking in the dough . I rented this movie for a DOLLAR and still felt like I was ripped off . DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE .
 The movie was okay , but having read the book it was a million times better . I am not knocking the actors . The book just has more time to fully develop the characters and the story , the movie felt rushed and like it was missing a lot . I barely shed a tear while watching the movie , unlike the rest of the Nicholas Sparks movies , but cried for the last 60 pages of the book and I never cry from books .
 I gave this two stars because it was not well put together . Seeing the trailer , it looks like great movie but after I saw it , I was bitterly disappointed because the movie was all over the place , poor character development , no chemistry , random scenes . It 's supposed to be a love story right ? Or at least I expected it to be , but the relationship between Ronnie and Will is not any different from everyday life that you see with teenagers . Everything felt forced . What is good about this movie ? -- The movie trailor , the movie cover , the music video , beautiful people , and the scenery . It would have been alot better if she sang a song in the movie or something . There was n't anything special about this movie . ...
 I always knew Miley Cyrus was cold-hearted , but this movie lets us know she contains no emotion . Or a heart . Or a soul.Miley plays `` Ronnie '' , a teenage girl who goes to live with her father , and everything becomes nauseating along the way . Miley ca n't even act her way out of a paper bag more than she can sing , and do n't get me started on `` When I Look At You '' . That had to be Auto-tuned in order to manage her scattered vocals and long notes.The movie takes the romance from the Nicholas Sparks novel and pairs her up with Liam Hemsworth . Every girl who might have been head over heels with him might have lost their interest now thanks to this movie . The way she and Liam kiss each other caused me to lose my lunch.And then , spoiler alert , the father is dying . So is Greg Kinnear 's career .
 The DVD was defective . Wrote seller many times , never got a refund or a replacement .
 I read the book from Nicholas sparks some time ago , which is a great book with unique love , rare description of characters , of thought , way of life , 4.8 out of 5 . The film does not resemble the book in most of its topics , the story is twisted around , the cast does not fit the characters described in the book at all , performing and selection of cast to the film is out of place and their acting is shameful and miserable.I read Dear John before seeing the film and I saw it 4 times thereafter , a great performance a great acting geniuses selection of participants-Amanda Seyfried is brilliant and so is John 's father and the rest of a crew ,5.1 out of 5The director July Ann Robinson and screenplay Jeff Van Wie needs to look for a different job.This film is a shameful feature to the his !
 While she may have her name above the title , calling The Last Song a Miley Cyrus movie is a bit misleading . The pop star is certainly the lead actress in the movie - and to be honest she does a good enough job in it - but the true genre of this film is a `` Nicholas Sparks Movie . `` So if you go bring plenty of Kleenex to wipe the tears from your eyes , although whether they are tears of sadness or tears of boredom will depend on how easily you fall for the author 's claptrap in the first place . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I own the book , and love it . However , watching Miley Cyrus play this part , was beyond painful .
 I have read the book and watched the movie ... I do n't like it ... yet I liked the notebook , and I did like Miley Cyrus at the time she made this movie , so I was n't a hater of her then ... I just ca n't catch onto this movie ... Actually ... I kind of knew from the beginning I would n't like it . The only reason I went and saw it was because my friends kept ranting to me about watching it . Thankfully , I watched a library copy , so I did n't waste any money :-RRB- Smart move huh :-RRB- Anyways ... I was only half into the book ... Like I kind of liked the book , but it was hard to stick with , and then just went to see the movie and I hated the movie , and now ca n't stand the book :-LRB- Sorry Nicholas Sparks :-LRB- Movie production ruined your book for me , although was only half into it in the first place ... I was really into a few other Nicholas Sparks movies/books though ... `` Nights of Rodadanthe '' `` The Notebook '' `` A Walk to Remember '' I just do n't think that this is one of the best ...
 I was looking forward to see this movie but it was a disappointment . The storyline was good , but the acting just did n't do it for me . The acting was n't compelling or believable . For one , Ronnie gets upset at her boyfriend and says `` I do n't want to be another girl in your parade of girls '' -LRB- cheesy line -RRB- and then the next minute he grabs her and kisses her and POOF her attitude is gone . Not to mention how quickly the guy got over it when he was telling Ronnie his sob story . In addition , the attempt of humor with her father 's remark about his creepy smile was weak . I thought this would be a lot better .
 This movie might be good for teens who are too immature to realize that this movie is full of predictable plots and characters . It was sappy and lacked depth . I rolled my eyes throughout most of it . If you like Miley Cyrus than this might be OK but if you are looking for a deep and moving movie ... look elsewhere .
 I was so excited to see this movie because the book was awesome ! I quickly found the movie boring , and I wanted to turn it off . It barely followed the book , and skipped a lot of good plot lines . I was quite upset about the whole thing , and really wish I would n't have bought the movie in the first place . It was a waist of money . I would not recommend this movie to anyone . I would recommend the book , because it was better . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because of the male actors in the movie . Miley Cyrus was not good at all ... and I was a Hannah Montana fan , but the movie was so bad ... definitely not even as close to being as good as The Notebook .
 I found it boring , predictable and I have to be honest
 The Last Song is just a sappy and a depressing film from beginning to end . Greg Kinnear is the standout performance in this film , he is a great and a solid actor but I ca n't say the same for teen star Miley Cyrus ! Cyrus has absolutely no range or depth to take on such a serious role . The way she says her lines are completely lifeless and monotone . She puts no effort or feeling into her screen time , she brings nothing magical to The Last Song so bascially what I 'm trying to say is ... she ruined this drama for me !
 Mark my words - the * only * reason people are talking about the Last Song is because the main character is Miley Cyrus.Obviously this film was made with the intention of finding out whether her acting skills can stand in the same league as her successful music career , and the answer is ... yes , her acting performance is pretty good for the most part . She 's convincing whenever she 's upset with her father , and her stubbornness to accept a guy who constantly tries hitting on her is strikingly good too.It 's the fact she stars in a movie with bland , predictable , mediocre writing that makes the Last Song lose serious points in a hurry.Folks , this storyline is * horrible * . You will know exactly what 's coming , and when it 's coming . Miley 's character goes to visit her father -LRB- along with her younger brother -RRB- and right away it 's obvious she does n't get along with her father , so she goes out and makes friends that eventually end up ditching her , and she even develops feelings for a guy after a long-winded and predictably written chunk of the storyline goes by , and well , that 's pretty much it . Totally bland writing the entire way through . You will be able to properly guess each segment of storytelling.I highly recommend avoiding the Last Song . An obvious attempt to make some money because the lead actress is a popular music singer . The worst part is that the film hardly takes advantage of her singing . That 's how we know the Last Song was an obvious test to see whether she 'd make it in Hollywood . Please , writers , next time give Miley a storyline that 's actually compelling .
 Lousy romance films are practically a dime a dozen these days , and unfortunately The Last Song joins the foray of crappy romance films . Sure I 'm a guy , but I 'm certainly not against romance films and over the last number of months I have been introduced to some amazing romances films I kicked myself over not seeing sooner -LRB- Casablanca , Gone With The Wind , The Shop Around The Corner , and Millennium Actress are all ` real ' romance films I urge you to watch instead -RRB- , but I also have my guilty pleasures -LRB- Okay , I 'll admit it , I enjoyed John Tucker Must Die and Pearl Harbor ! -RRB- so I 'm not totally uptight and expecting cinematic masterpieces . All I want is to be entertained , is that really too much to ask?Apparently so . This was my first Nicholas Sparks film , but I must say that I 'm not impressed , considering his reputation -LRB- I 've heard The Notebook is good , so I 'll hold out some hope -RRB- . Plus what made my expectations sink lower was when I was about to watch it and discovered that Nicholas Sparks wrote this as a vanity vehicle for Miley Cyrus . Uh oh . A vanity project ? This never turns out well as history has taught us -LRB- Did we learn nothing from the Gigli fiasco ? -RRB- , and sure enough , this film blows.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 Its hard to to be objective . If I had just seen this movie on the shelf , without first enjoying Spark 's books -LRB- including this one -RRB- , I probably would have given it 3 or 4 stars -LRB- still wouldnt be a 5 -RRB- . My first large complaint is that the movie tried to do alot of things really quickly . In the book , you have the time to establish the relationships between Ronnie and will , Ronnie and her Dad , Ronnie and Blaze , etc -LRB- you get my point -RRB- . While those relationships are Cliche as mentioned in previous reviews , cliche is cliche because it works , and it sells . However the entire movie just felt rushed . Like they really just wanted it to be over , as soon as it started . So I dont feel it flowed the way it could have , or should have.My second big complaint , Miley . She is NOT a good actor . I will grant she can sing -LRB- somewhat , if your into that style -RRB- . But her lines felt canned , and it was almost painful whenever she opened her mouth . Not many musicians really make decent actors , and I personally feel she is not one of them.Between her terrible performance and the general rushed pace of the movie and somewhat sloppy slapped together feel , I couldnt rate the movie higher than 2 stars .
 The Last Song is in a league of its own . It is by far and away the worst movie I have ever seen in my life . Miley Cirus is legitimately hard to look at with her veneers . Her face looks like she is smelling poop for the entire movie ! I used to think she was a pretty good actress on `` Hannah Montana '' but now I literally dislike everything she has ever produced simply because of this movie . Please , please , please do n't waste your time or your money on this movie .
 I read this book which was AMAZING . I then watched the movie , expecting it to be a little worse but not so much . But no , it was HORRIBLE . The acting was completely wrong and the plot was significantly different -LRB- in a worse way -RRB- . I feel as if the book is much more touching and actually made me cry . During the movie , I just wanted to slap whoever directed it . Honestly , I did not like this movie one bit . I do n't understand why it has 4 stars.If you liked this movie , read the book . I bet you will change your mind .
 The people who assembled this DVD should be ashamed of themselves - the whole film is not there!One of the most hilarious scenes in the original version of Magnum Force was when the crooked cops are chasing Harry around inside the -LRB- very dark -RRB- hull of a ship . Every time a shot was fired down there , there would be at LEAST six or seven loud , cartoon-like ricochets . The fact that this might really happen when all of the walls and ceiling are solid steel does not take away from its comic effect . Well , when they remastered the film for DVD , they took all of the ricochets out!They also cut out some of the sting operation where three hoodlums hold up a convenience store .
 John Millius congratulates himself throughout the docs and commentary on this picture for offering up a sequel that turns the premise of the first film on its head . Harry the maverick who goes outside the system now faces off against jack-booted vigilante cops . He 's right that this is a cool idea , but the character of Harry here has been so changed from the first film that there 's not much impact . In Dirty Harry he 's a misanthropic loner with more in common with the killer he 's stalking than the society he 's trying to protect . Here he 's a conventional good-guy -- heroic and smooth with the ladies . The bilious self-loathing that contorted Clint 's face is gone . -LRB- In that picture Harry may speak for the victims but he 's always at a remove from them . He watches the dead girl pulled from her torture cell . He offers no compassion for the mother of a victim at the scene of her son 's murder and does n't offer so much as a `` It 's okay , kids -- sit tight . '' to the busload of students at the end . He 's all about the hunt . -RRB- Also the construction of the story here allows for no suspense because we know who did it right away . There are drawn-out scenes of the crimes and various stakeouts that provide long Clint-less stretches . The airplane scene in the beginning is preposterous and contrived and the climactic chase is fairly tedious . I actually could have done with move David Soul and his band on bikes than Hal Holbrook -- love him though I may . -LRB- And note how much Mitchell Ryan looks like Keith Olberman here . -RRB-
 Magnum Force , 1973 film `` Do you feel lucky ? '' The released defendants seem so . There is a crowd in front of the courthouse . He was freed on a `` legal technicality '' , inadmissable evidence . -LSB- Do you know what that means ? -RSB- The officer does not like the driver 's comments , but does not issue a ticket . Harry Callahan shows up , Lt. Briggs orders him away . At the airport Harry prevents an airplane from being hijacked by two villainous looking men . -LSB- Profiling ? -RSB- Later he meets three rookies on the firing range . Coincidence ? A satchel charge breaks up a pool party . Is it a gang war ? On a stake-out Harry sees a robbery and ends it with the other policemen . There is an incident in a red taxicab . She worked hard for her money . Later the man is stopped for speeding , permanently.Callahan is reassigned to homicide , too many bodies are turning up . Harry investigates the murder . He gets his orders . Will something happen to a man the police are watching ? Yes , and others too ! Harry says he knows who the killer was , but there is bad news . How did Davis get there so fast ? Harry found a slug , is it a match ? There is a shoot-out to create action . -LSB- Believable ? -RSB- More bodies fall . Harry gets the blame . `` That 's insane . '' Will there be more sacrifices ? -LSB- Will the best friend of the hero suffer for dramatic effect ? -RSB- Will Harry get a confession from the traffic cops ? What is in the mailbox ? Does Lt. Briggs has a surprise for Harry ? `` Where will it end ? '' There is action in a fast car down Lombard Street to create suspense . -LSB- Is that the industrial area of South San Francisco ? -RSB- There is a surprise in the dark , then a chase on an old flat-top . There is one last surprise at the end for poetic justice.This film suggests that the police can `` clean up '' the town by shooting `` bad guys '' . The lesson of history is that this would create a new class who ruled by terror . Power corrupts . Machiavelli warned against using hired military . The only safe use of power is with a democratic militia , as was done from the 18th to the 20th century . There was little organized crime in those days . Or laws against gambling , drugs , drinking , or vice . You ca n't choose the good over the bad , only the lesser evil .
 IN THE FIRST SEQUEL TO THE CLASSIC '' DIRTY HARRY '' , HARRY CALLAHAN -LSB- CLINT EASTWOOD -RSB- RETURNS TO TAKE ON A LEAGUE OF VIGILANTE COPS WHO 'RE KILLING OFF THE CITY 'S CRIMINALS . THE IDEA WAS GOOD , BUT IT WAS N'T EXECUTED GOOD . HAS SOME DECENT ACTION , BUT IT 'S SERIOUSLY NOWHERE NEAR THE FIRST MOVIE 'S LEVEL . EASTWOOD IS FUN AS ALWAYS , BUT THIS MOVIE NEEDS SOME WORK . EVEN THOUGH A LOT OF PEOPLE ON THIS WEBSITE SEEM TO DISAGREE WITH ME , I THINK THE FANS OF THE ORIGINAL WILL NOT ENJOY THIS ONE TOO MUCH . DO N'T GET ME WRONG , THIS AI N'T AS BAD AS IT COULD BE , BUT IT AI N'T NO CLASSIC LIKE THE ORIGINAL ! JUST AN AVERAGE SEQUEL . FOLLOWED BY THE ENFORCER .
 At twenty minutes into this flick I wondered what it was about Magnum Force that bothered me . The introduction of David Soul and Robert Urich irked but it may have just been indigestion . Then at about fourty five minutes into things , just about the point where the Asian woman playing the cheap whore asks : `` What does a girl have to do to go to bed with you ? `` Clint 's answer : `` Try knocking on the door ! `` I realized what it was about this movie that bothered me . It 's not very good . Overblown , self-important authority figures and a truckload of poorly conceived clich&eacute; catch phrases none of which is worth quoting . Essentially another McHollywood 's fast food movie of the Big Mac variety . Lettuce , cheese , pickle onions , stake outs , chase scenes and lots of guns ... stacked high on a sesame seed bun . I 'm not sure if it was more boredom or munchies but I never did see the end of Magnum Force and wound up talking into a clown 's mouth instead.Consider taking the kids out for a burger before watching anything that might kill your appetite . A good man always knows his limitations .
 This is not a review or rating of the movie itself -LRB- there are plenty of other good reviews here -RRB- but rather a comment / complaint on an admittedly small but misleading detail in Amazon 's description of this item.If you look at this item 's picture -LRB- at the top of this web page -RRB- you see a ` bullet hole ' at the end of the gun 's barrel . That hole is NOT part of the picture , it is an actual jagged hole in a clear plastic sleve that slides over the DVD case -LRB- the glass cracks are also printed on that sleve -RRB- . If you are a collecter of this -LRB- Dirty Harry -RRB- series and have other movies with that bullet hole sleeve you should be aware that this movie ordered from Amazon will NOT have that sleeve even though it is shown in Amazon 's picture . C'mon Amazon , pay attention to the details . Either furnish the DVD case WITH the sleeve or correct the picture .
 Lots of info on their personal lives -LRB- esp Chris ' -RRB- which had nothing to do with the band , as if they were trying to play up the creepiness factor . Almost no info about the technical aspects of the show , which was the main reason I wanted to watch it . I like documentaries but this one feel short in several ways . Go watch the YouTube videos of the new programmed songs instead .
 I could only view the beginning of this film because it consistently froze up on me . I did n't like it at all . I felt that the writing was bad , some of the acting unbelievable . I usually do n't like to give very negative reviews , but I feel that I wasted my money on this . Perhaps if I could 've seen the whole film , the rest of it would 've been better & I would be able to give it a higher rating .
 kevin bacon voice was dubbed and their was no plot what a waste of time and money do not buy
 `` Elephant White '' has almost everything that you might expect from a low-budget straight-to-DVD action movie
 I was sorely disappointed in this film . The plot was dodgy and I actually had to watch it in two segments because I could n't will myself to sit through the whole thing in one shot . Kevin Bacon 's horrible British accent and poor acting really makes me re-evaluate him as an actor . The whole premise of the film was predictable and the violence and action scenes were never fluid or purposeful . The main character of the story , Church , manages to evade bullets and when he does , he heals magically and is ready for combat by the next day . The only reason I would watch the movie is for the cool guns . Otherwise it was a giant waste of time .
 Seriously boring flic ... About 15 mins in , you cease to care about anything whatsoever ... save your money and more importantly save your time and give this old clunker a wide berth ...
 VThe main actor in this movie is Djimon Hounsou , not Kevin Bacon . Djimon Hounsou is n't the most versatile actor , and the producers probably failed to notice that . Kevin Bacon 's accent seems like a joke in this movie.Djimon 's character is always out trying to get new guns , and threatens to shoot if he does n't get his guns and does it in a very unconvincing way everytime . The fighting/shooting choreography was horrible , so even if you 're looking for an action movie and do n't care about the storyline this would still be disappointing .
 Do n't waste your time or money . Even if this movie were free it would be a rip-off . I have to write at least 20 words for this review to post so the rest of this review is just filler.All you need to know is that this movie is awful .
 I cannont people have the audacity to rate this movie with full stars !! The only good thing this movie is good for is pure hysterical boredom . If you 're a fan of really , REALLY bad acting ... this is the movie for you . I have watched it about 5 times , usually while feeling irie , because it is simply made for laughter . The best part is when that redhead is caught puking in the bathroom , oh my goodness ... can someone please HELP that pathetic woman?Truthfully , one of my favorite movies of all time , simply because it 's so terrible that I ca n't believe it 's real .
 Great idea , great acting , great production value and crap directing . Unless you get excited by people sitting and talking , noting happens that 's even interesting till almost 55 min . into the movie , seriously ? Man I really wish this lived up to its potential , not even close . Watch something like `` Dead Snow '' , or `` The Horde '' is you want a decent spin on a zombie movie . Do n't bother with this mess .
 This movie was strange . There were witches , zombies and lesbian coeds and even they werent enough to save it . I watched from the beginning to the end and it really didnt do much for me . Vegan Zombies were more along the line of grape zombies . One fun thing about the movie was the grapes of wrath . The grapes were just very angry . Regardless , if you have nothing better to do and have some time to waste between other movies you can watch this . Otherwise it is a pass . Unfortunate too because it had a decent premise .
 This movie is a poorly written , poorly directed , poorly acted,micro-budget horror film . The attempts at comedy fall incredibly flat.The plot , such as it is , takes forever to pick up , and when it finallydoes things just get worse.With a name like `` Attack of the Vegan Zombies ! '' it 's obvious that thefilm does not take itself too seriously . However , even with that inmind this movie fails on every level.The special effects are laughable , character motivation jumps randomlyfrom one scene to the next , the comic relief is forced and unfunny , thehorror elements are clich&eacute;d and not even remotely frightening.The positive reviews posted here that suckered me into believing thatthis was potentially a clever horror spoof must be written by peopleinvolved with the film . You have been warned .
 Could not get past Joey Medina and his back alley , drunk off of too many cans of bud light humor . Fans of Latino comedy relate to the comedians in a way that connects them to personal experiences or in some way provide some sense of nostalgia . Joey makes a weak attempt at creating this however his right-wing attitude takes over as he rants about how another minority group should be discriminated against in a tirade of curse words and pseudo-patriotism . The content consisted of his encouraging airport security to stereotype people of the middle east as possible terrorists and treat them as such . He also made light of the media 's reporting of abuse at prison camps in the middle east . Joey justified his comments at the end of this section of the monologue by stating that he was not racist because he had dated a middle eastern female then proceeded to make a derogatory comment about her . While humor often takes a political note , he has chosen to focus on the Latino market . Such oppression is not far from the minds of the Latino people as they are often targeted through racial profiling for a multitude of social issues and non-violent crimes.Despite his Latino heritage , Joey Medina does not display any connection to the Latino community in this product . Latin Palooza is a disgrace to the Latino community and I implore anyone to stay away from it . It is not worth your money and he does not deserve it anyway . If you are a member of the Tea Party , a Minuteman -LRB- unpaid civilians who patrol the border against `` wetbacks '' -RRB- , or any other person who is a fake Latino , you will probably like it .
 One cup of coffee away from a psycho ward or one cigarette puff short of nuclear meltdown , James Woods is always a fascinating study for an audience that thrives on the unpredictable . This movie could have used more of his patented bug-eyed nuttiness . As it stands , Woods plays the role of unconventional cop in pretty conventional fashion , which , coupled with a murky , uninvolving script and slack direction , amounts to subpar and generally uninteresting slasher fare . There are moments of genuine quirkiness , as when he seemingly ad-libs a cynical remark suggesting that sex rather than sensitivity is what motivates his interest in Lesley Ann Warren . But those moments are few and far between , and I suspect this film went from production directly to video release without a commercial run . Woods should give up the lover-boy fling and stick to his specialty -- being the edgiest guy in Hollywood . That should be enough for anyone .
 Some good action scenes
 I bought this movie mainly because of the cast for this film -- Thersa Russell , Steve Bauer , and Michael Pare -- top actors of B movies . Boy , was I disappointed . Boring plot that jumps over the place and hard to follow . Not an interesting film at all -- avoid this one !!!
 Looks like a low budget , direct to dvd movie , this one . The ` stars ' are not too well known and the script , well , let 's just say it leaves a bit to be desired . At least the voice-over narration by the main character keeps us apprised of what 's going on , sort of , but the constant screen shot time signatures are a bit pretentious . At least the whole thing is n't too long , but there 's a bit too much gratuitous violence . And some of the acting is amateurish at best .
 This must be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . It almost reminded me of a bad soap opera type theme as maybe a few other films I have seen have . Seemed like I was watching the clock just to see when it was going to end . If you like drama , soap opera type movies then think you could enjoy it but otherwise if you skip it do n't think you will be missing much.Peter J. Miller
 It was not what I expected . I wanted to see what `` Glee '' would do in memory of Whitney . I was disappointed , at least I did not spend a lot of money for it .
 According to Wired Magazine , this show apparently rips off independent music artists like Jonathon Coulton 's version of Baby Got Back , or D.J. Earworm 's version of I Believe I Can Fly and gives those artists NO CREDIT OR PAYMENT.What a disgusting load of garbage this show and its creators are . To quote the great Jeff Winger
 I have watched Glee from season 1 and loved it so much I bought both seasons . But I have to say that this first episode is terrible . It is horrible that Glee is not only glorifying sexuality in high school -LRB- skanks really ? -RRB- but it is now taking shots at Special Needs kids as well . I find that is unappropriated for the age group they are targeting when what they say they are promoting is acceptance . I am really surprised with this episode .
 I have nothing bad to say about this episode , but about the picture quality of the Instant Video . I have purchased several episodes of different shows from Amazon and the picture quality is awful on all of them . I have a new computer with a very fast processor so I do n't think it 's my computer . I even uninstalled and re-installed the Amazon Unbox player .
 For a show that claims to have strong ties with anti bully movements , this could n't have been more of a joke . Gay kids are protected but people like Lauren are fair game ? -LRB- The one that got away very slowly -RRB- Come on ! As if making fun of overweight kids is n't enough , let 's add in a few good aims at Asperger 's too . All we need now is some good mocking of Becky and the season should be complete right ? Highly disappointing . A show I once loved is losing credibility quickly . I 'm not sure if I 'll be able to stick out this season if this is how things are going to continue to go .
 Unlike the majority of the people who hate Glee , I was actually willing to give this show a chance . Big mistake that was .
 I have enjoyed all of the Glee episodes up to now . I had to stop watching this one because the character Mercedes was so completely annoying . I do n't blame her as much as the writers for this . Why do you have to make her to so aggressively whiney ? It is really off putting and I 'm tired of the same , `` I 'm standing up for myself because I 'm not better than Rachel '' coming up constantly . Ugh . I 'm taking a looooonnnnng break from this show because of this . I stopped enjoying it . Hopefully , after a break , I will enjoy it again !!!
 Glee season 3 is awful . The actors are fake , their characters have turned unbelievable and the storyline dull . What once was a fun show became endless .
 What a let down . The characters were all acting like strangers . There was no cohesion . Everyone was stiff . And lots of holes . How did Will and Emma hook up , for example ? Quinn flicked the cigarette , but it was Santana 's fault that the piano blew up?It 's looking like Season 3 could be worse than Season 2 . But i 'll keep watching of course ...
 The show would not work and they billed me for it even after I reported the issue . I can honestly say as a first time user of this service , I am never using it again . Thank god for Hulu .
 I loved the first season . I enjoyed the second season even as it added more and more GL agenda items . The third season crossed over for me from being a fresh fun & energetic showcase of talent to an every-episode attempt to promote the GL agenda . Too bad ...
 I watched this because it was free but what a waste . They storyline was weak and the end was terrible . I 'm still wondering what happened ...
 There were a few funny parts here but for the most part the movie was not that good . If looking for a lmao movie , this is not it !
 I feel very obligated to watch just about everything with Angus Scrimm and Jeffrey Combs , so when they 're together in a movie you better believe I 'm going to check it out ! Annie Sorell who plays Michelle , is a minor -LRB- even though she 's in her late twenties -RRB- and is placed in a halfway house for problem children after a car wreck where she developed amnesia . She is plagued by visions of her dead father and has a fancy looking ouija board that was in the car with her during the time of the accident . Michelle tries to understand her past and why she is being tormented by her horrible visions.The acting was really quite horrible , but I did enjoy the performances by the house mother . Eliza Swenson , a sexy redhead , played a pierced out problem teen and she was very entertaining as her character Dalia . The teens in the house go about their day to day business and Michelle has visions and everyone keeps telling her to forget about them because nobody really cares . But she does damn it , and she?s going to get to the bottom of it!The twist at the end of the movie was really unique , but the story was just not really there . I was n't interested and I did n't care about any of the characters . I did n't even care how it ended . If there 's really any reason to check this out here 's the short list ; Angus Scrimm plays Michelle 's doctor , Jeffrey Combs shows up a few times as a cop to investigate , Eliza Swenson 's -LSB- ... -RSB- and the most humorous -LRB- and by humorous I mean worst -RRB- fight scene I 've ever seen between our main character and her body double . Rent it if there 's nothing else to rent , or if your curiosity gets the better of you .
 `` Satanic '' is about a girl who is involved in a horrible car accident which destroyed her face . As she recovers , a doctor -LRB- who must be a magician because no plastic surgeon could have done what he did for this girl -RRB- basically recreates this girl 's face into a beauty queen 's . There are a couple of problems though . First , this girl does n't remember anything except for the fact that she may have done something horrible before the accident . The viewer is constantly subjected to her stupid flashbacks of her father right before and during the accident . `` Satanic '' attempts to be cute with a twist toward the end of the movie which is actually very unsatifying for the pure horror movie fan . This movie leaves with that all too familiar `` I wish I had n't wasted my money on this garbage '' feeling . The twist is both illogical and ridiculous ! I 'm just `` SO SCARED '' of the villain in this horror movie !! LOL !! I will not give it away , but the best decision would be not to view this garbage at all as it is a total waste of your time and money . `` Satanic '' is very pedestrian in scares and has just about zero value as a horror movie . In short , there is nothing scary about `` Satanic '' except for how much it sucks . `` Satanic '' is a very forgettable movie-watching experience , at least as far as its merits as a horror movie are concerned .
 Annie Sorell -LRB- Man of the Year -RRB- stars as a young girl named Michelle who has woken up from a car accident in which she doesnt remember what she was doing at the time . She is brought into a home with a group of people where she 'll stay for the duration . Soon Michelle finds a book in which she tries to remember what happened during the car accident . Then when things become clear all the pieces come together and Michelle has to stop what 's going on since everyone around her starts to die . Can someone say boring ? Sorell needs to take acting lessons bad . She gives one pretty empty performance as does everyone else . What a waste of Jeffrey Combs -LRB- Re-Animator , The Frighteners -RRB- ... AGAIN !! That goes for Angus Scrimm -LRB- Phantasm -RRB- too . The end fight scene and hopefully you 'll make it to the end is one of the dumbest things you 'll ever see . Also starring James Russo , Diane Ayala Goldner -LRB- Feast -RRB- , Brett Erickson -LRB- Scarecrow
 The only reasons this movie gets 1 and 1/2 stars is because it has Angus Scrimm from the Phantasm movies in it , and because Annie Sorell is gorgeous . Other than that , dont even bother with this movie . The acting is atrocious , the story is horrible , and the only thing that really carries this movie is the shower scene where you get to see Annie nude , plus Angus Scrimms acting .
 SATANIC is ulimately silly and amateurish but it is perversely interesting enough to subdue horror fans who yearn for the days of really good horror movies.A young girl is in an auto accident and horribly mutilated . Kindly Dr. Angus Scrimm reconstructs her face and she emerges beautiful but with no memory of who she is . She is placed in the youth shelter from hell where she encounters three other troubled teens and is haunted by ghastly visions . James Russo turns up as some kind of hobo and Jeffrey Combs flits in and out as a weary homicide detective . Climaxing in one of the worst fight scenes on screen , the twist is pretty obvious . Not a classic but not a true turkey !
 I like old movies , but I could n't follow this one that much . Very old but I just could n't watch it all the way thru . I got it because Joseph Schildkraut was in it . He was in Marie Antionette and he was outstanding in that picture . But I just could n't get into this one . Plot is not great . Thank you .
 First , they could have at least tried to make the animals look more alive and less plastic ; even inexpensive CGI is better than this.Then the contents of the movie
 I love monster fights , I really do and I tried to like this one but unfortunately it is tooo cheap and boring to be a good b-grade movie like Crocodile . The part that I was excited about is the fight but it is so quick and poorly done . When I turned it off I was really disappointed . The effects could of been done better too . Let 's hope this director does n't get lazy on the amazingly awesome b-movie Dinocroc vs. Supergator .
 Well , first off , it 's pretty obvious that the marketers for this less than good film thought that they could capitalize on the success of Alien vs. Predator . With the `` snazzy '' KVC on the disc . I hate to tell them , but the film is mis-named as it is . It 's really a bunch of bad actors vs. bad CGI of a komodo dragon and a cobra . Who wins , who loses ? Well , the viewer loses . That 's for sure.The aforementioned bad actors run around , alternately going after the monsters and running for their lives . They shoot countless bullets , including maybe 30 or so from a 15-round magazine gun ... this happens more than once . I ca n't really complain about that , though . We see inaccuracies like that all the time.Anyway , overall a pretty bad movie . Only a few interesting scenes . And I believe Michael Pare was asleep for most of the filming .
 Just sit right back and you 'll hear a tale , A tale of a fateful tripThat started after I pushed playAnd quickly said , `` Oh sh # @ . `` The mate was a doofus camera man , The skipper foreign and unsure.Six passengers set sail that dayFor a poorly acted tour , a poorly acted tour.The green-screen started getting rough , The plot was quickly sweptJerry Manthey from Survivor got a roleHer acting not quite prepped , her acting not adept.The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted Damas isleWith Camera Man , The Skipper -LRB- Michael Pare -RRB- too , The Greenpeace chump and his airhead girlfriend , The Survivor `` star , `` The afro-man and his mildly retarded blonde sister with Dumbo ears and possible Fetal Alcohol Syndrome , Here on Komodo vs. Cobra Isle.So this is the tale of some Green Peace tools , They 're here for military tests , A few of them will become snacks , It 's just as you 'd expect.Jerry and the fetid rest , Will do their very best , To quote lines from reality TV , In this heinous messNo brains , no plans , no common sense , Just Komodo and Cobra bait , Like Ice Cube in Anaconda , The acting 's quite lightweight.So join us here each week my friends , You 're sure to snort and howlMystery Science Theatre Time , Komodo and Cobra 's foul!Jason Elin
 this movie is sssssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad every time some 1 swears this ridiculous `` squak '' sound attemps 2 cut it out and since this is a -LRB- completly stupid -RRB- seequal 2 `` curse of the komodo '' they got some of the origonal actors from `` COTK '' -LRB- curse of the komodo -RRB- and got them 2 play different characters in `` kvc '' -LRB- komodo vs cobra -RRB- !!!!!!!!!!! They also stole lines and scenes from `` COTK '' . The actors spend half the time shooting at the monsters -LRB- witch look ssssssssooooooo fake -RRB- when they should be running away !!!!!!!!! It doesent even connect with `` COTK '' THIS FILM SHOULD BE RATED `` R '' FOR RIDICULOUS , OR SHOULD COME WITH A WARNING LABLE SAYING , WARNING
 Another entry in the Sci-Fi channel 's series of giant monster movies . The effects in this one are below average , much inferior to KOMODO . There is the usual techno-babble explanation for the existence of these giant predators , and as usual it makes little if any sense . More of the standard `` Do n't mess with Mother Nature , '' and `` Anything the armed forces are involved in is evil , '' the message of almost all sci-fi/horror films Hollywood releases . While I enjoyed this more than Sci-Fi 's last `` Versus '' , BOA VS PYTHON , it is small comfort . The movie never really delivers on the build-up as it meanders aimlessly to an unsatisfying ending .
 Ready for another CG-laden movie about genetic experimentation gone wrong ? Well , here 's KOMODO VS. COBRA , a rather misleading title since the climactic battle at the end is left unresolved . But , this movie is n't as bad as it could have been . The effects are n't superlative but they 're not bad for one of these quickie flicks . Michael Pare sleepwalks through his role as the ex-military captain whose services as a boat commander are solicited by environmentalists out to expose the wicked treatment of animals on a remote South Pacific island . Along for the ride , naturally , is an ambitious tv journalist out to make the `` big story '' , and you know that most of the cast will end up as appetizers for the monsters , but that 's what you expect in these kind of films . If you 're a fan of giant monster movies , this one 's okay .
 `` Komodo Vs. Cobra '' is nothing more that badly done CGI reptiles thrashing about with the help of hero Michael Par&eacute; and a bunch of preachy environmentalists out to expose yet another horrible conspiracy from the military-industrial complex . Par&eacute; , who lethargically turns in his lines here , is an ex-soldier turned fishing boat captain . He agrees to take the whiny media-crazed twentysomethings to a restricted military island near Bora Bora to investigate `` Project Carnivore . '' The self-righteousness of these characters , combined with the extremely low quality of the script and acting made this extraordinarily difficult to endure.After getting to the island , they find cornstalks two stories high and a mansion that 's unoccupied . It 's kind of like `` Fantasy Island '' meets `` The Most Dangerous Game . '' They have no problem trespassing or breaking and entering the home of famed geneticist Dr. Richardson -LRB- played , conveniently enough , by Jay Richardson , -RRB- but instead of finding him , they find his daughter Dr. Susan Richardson -LRB- played in extremely unconvincing fashion by the midriff-baring Michelle Borth , -RRB- another scientist . The film revolves around the concepts of capitalism and the US military as evil , but shows this with some stock footage of Israeli Air Force F-4s and F-16s , and a military headquarters occupied by the nefarious overactor General Bradley -LRB- Rod McCary . -RRB- This headquarters looks like a suburban insurance agent 's office , further adding to the incredible authenticity of the film . The military wanted to use the `` growth matrix '' -LRB- discussed in great detail in flashbacks featuring the Richardson team and their fellow scientists -RRB- for some bizarre military purpose , under the premise that whatever makes corn grow will also make animals grow . -LRB- The actual experiment involved putting animal DNA into corn , which makes it grow ludicrously . Somehow . -RRB- So the military has Richardson and company start experimenting on a komodo dragon and a cobra . As a biologist , I can certainly understand the desire to begin tests using the most outlandishly hazardous subject animals that you can find , especially when you have absolutely no idea what 's going to happen . Great idea . What could possibly go wrong?The cast gets chased all over the island and progressively thinned out by the ridiculous looking computer generated reptiles , firing their pistols without effect at them . How much ammunition do they have ? An infinite supply , apparently . They will stand for several minutes firing their weapons with little CGI muzzle flashes without changing a clip . Speaking of gunfire , which is generally pretty loud , the film has terrible sound balance
 This movie is a big joke ! Its so obvious the Komodo and Cobra are computer animation rather than real creatures -LRB- they look very fake -RRB- . But its hilarious to watch the actors screaming and running away from the animated creatures like as if they were real . Storyline ? I was so busy laughing I did n't realise there was one !! haha
 Komodo vs. Cobra does absolutely nothing even remotely good . The acting is downright pathetically bad , and the actual special effects involving the Komodo and the Cobra are completely out of place and disturbing to watch as a result.Whenever you see a violent scene involving the Komodo or the Cobra killing someone , you can very obviously see it 's not really happening . Nothing was done to make it look realistic . It 's * that * cheesy of a movie.It 's hard to imagine the writers actually thought anything taking place throughout the movie is worth the time of day . Everything about it is just really painful to watch.On second thought , perhaps I 'm completely wrong about this film . Perhaps it 's an obvious attempt at making fun of two huge popular creatures , such as what other movies were attempting at the time . So perhaps this is * supposed * to be a humorous storyline.This would definitely make better sense than to actually believe Komodo vs. Cobra is supposed to be an implementation of frighteningly realistic creatures coming out of the water and killing people . If THIS is true , well my goodness ... * goes completely silent *
 Really disappointing . You would think it would n't be hard to make a fascinating documentary about the world 's obsession with Star Wars , and yet the filmmakers somehow manage to make it look like there 's nothing to say . There 's absolutely no reason there needs to be so much footage of them walking around talking about what they 're doing . Nor do I need to see repeated scenes of guys playing the kazoo or a turntable-carrying Boba Fett . Really not worth the plastic disc it 's laser-enscribed on .
 I personally do n't belong to any fandom , but I was interested in seeing this film because I have studied popular culture for some years now . The makers of the film claim this to be a documentary about the Star Wars fandom , but in reality they have tried to find the most geeky and weird fans out there and make them look stupid . It is obvious that the film makers do n't really understand the phenomenon themselves , and the film wo n't give you any insight about it either . It might be funny and entertaining in its own way , but at the expense of other people.Instead of really trying to understand the fans or interviewing academics who have actually studied popular culture , they have decided to ask the opinions of name actors and other famous people who have as little insight as themselves have , and who do n't have anything interesting to say . The film goes through all the typical prejudices about fans
 Complete garbage . While it starts out trying to cover STAR WARS fans waiting for the release of PHANTOM MENACE , it goes off on many wild and uninteresting tangents , and ends with some clouded message about young men without fathers who like Star Wars . A waste of time . Check out STARWOIDS for a better look at this subject .
 Cinematography that looks like it was shot by a 5 year old , terrible audio and a message that basically says there 's no God . How did this turn into an athiest documentary about star wars fans . The worst video I 've seen all year .
 I would not recommend this movie . Few subjects are more interesting than Star Wars , and yet somehow the filmmakers struggle to put together an entertaining movie.First of all , I would not even call this movie a `` documentary '' . Sure , the filmmakers interview fans and bring cameras to a few events . But a lot of it feels staged or rehearsed . Also , the filmmakers seem to focus on the biggest geeks and weirdest people they could find - at one point the narrator even insults the intelligence of the fans , stating that they `` are n't playing with a full deck '' . I would have also liked to have seen and heard from some more of the casual `` mainstream '' Star Wars fans.From a pure filmmaking point of view , this is a low-quality production . Obviously the filmmakers were working with a low/no budget , and that is fine . But there is no reason why they could n't have cleaned the camera lens . Also , keep in mind that this movie is just over an hour long - and yet it feels that they only had about 10-20 minutes of interesting and relevant footage to work with.If I could throw the movie a bit of praise , it comes toward the end where we get a sense of why people love Star Wars and how it has affected their life . In this segment , many of the interviews seem to be more authentic and honest .
 This movie is just too cheesy for words . It was n't very funny , nor very exciting , nor original . The only thing is that it involves the marijuana business . In the States this may be enough to call a movie smart and witty , in Holland we like a good story .
 I 'm sorry , but i find this movie appaling . Home Grown is a so called comendy about the marijuana business . I find any movie that glorifies drug usage trashy and immoral . Hank Azaria and Billy Bob Thornton put on acceptable performances , and even shine through their surroundings . The plot is simple . A group of marijuana growers are targeted for a bust so they must grab as much stash as they can and make a run for it . Of course where there are drugs , there is scandal , so the bunch that was once running for their lives is now impersonating a big time drug business in order to sell their stash . The finale is rather ludicrous . When the group is caught in their deal , the local citizens take them under their wing so sit out the mess . The stash is found by the cops who burn everything in a large bon fire . The town seems to have a mass addiction to canibus as they come out to the bon fire just to get a meesly buzz off the smoke filling the area . The last scene is ofBilly Bob and the rest of the pack chuckling as they get high . I think the proper ending should have had the camera zoom out of the group and show the flames in front of them like the fires of hell ... hell would be the perfect place for this horrible movie .
 I found this documentary to be probably the best tribuye to Edward D. Wood , Jr. available.Cheaply done , prroly written , this documentary was mainly a few of Ed 's old friends sharing their memories of Ed and thereby cashing in on their association with him.What better tribute to Ed Wood can there be ?
 This movie could have been great . It had the right cast ... but , for the most part , the plot sank and dragged on . Of the film , I 'd say about 15 % of it is somewhat funny . The rest of the time , it is just plain dull to watch . Danny -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- , one of the adult characters , is going through a mid-life crisis . Wheeler -LRB- Seann William Scott -RRB- , better known and remembered for his role as Stiffler in American Pie , is a happy-go-lucky guy who works with Danny and is his friend . Danny erupts because he is unhappy with life and ends up doing something that causes both Danny and Wheeler to be sentenced to community service with kids -LRB- as if it sounds like a good idea to put mild criminals with kids ! -RRB- . In any event , the two get paired up with equally screwed up kids . Danny 's kid is a dork who enjoys the role-playing `` dungeons and dragons '' type of thing . Stiffler is assigned a foul-mouthed black kid who , like Stiffler , has an interest in boobs , getting laid , etc.The film has a few good laughs sprinkled into the mix . But , in large part , you have to plow through a lot of boring plot to get them . Stiffler is the primary source of the comedy . But , even his generally funny demeanor and role does not save this POS . Like American Pie , the jokes involve him trying to score with ladies and getting laid a couple times . Not much to work with here and not really all that funny . It does n't come close to the more edgy -LRB- and funny -RRB- comedies like American Pie , Road Trip , Sex Drive , Wedding Crashers , the Heartbreak Kid , etc. . If you are an adolescent boy that wants a quick flash of some topless women , this film might be good for that . But , I think it 'd be cheaper , quicker , and less painful to simply shell out the money to buy a playboy.The worst part of this `` film '' is the extended footage of the live action role playing -LRB- LARPing or LEATing or whatever its called -RRB- . This dragged on for what seemed like an eternity . It could have really poked fun at these people or had some other good comedic elements . But , in the end , it was really , really weak because it just showed these guys fighting and acting stupid . However , the inclusion of these scenes might be a reason why the DVD will sell as there appears to be a cult following for this crap.Overall , save your money and look for another comedy . This one will not make you laugh . Indeed , if you purchase the DVD , it will make you question why you wasted $ 18 .
 The Judd Apatow school/team of comedy has produced some hilarious movies about the messed up male psyche the succeed due to relatability , great performances , wel-timed raunchiness , and even touching romance . Having just seen `` Superbad '' and `` Forgetting Sarah Marshall '' -LRB- both outstanding -RRB- , I was psyched for more is this seemingly good streak of movies , esp since it got relatively good reviews and took in almost $ 70,000,000 at the box office.Maybe I watched a different movie , but this movie seemed like a 2nd rate version of `` Dude Where 's My Car '' with pretty mean spirited characters who magically turn into unbelievable human beings once it 's time to wrap it up . The great Paul Rudd -LRB- who also helped pen the script -RRB- has rarely been less funny and the jokes felt derivative with a much greater degree of homophobia and mysogeny than most of the flicks these guys usually make . Nothing against any type of humor , but at least be funny about it.Sean William Scott is playing exactly the same character that he played in `` Dude '' and even the generally spectacular Jane Lynch is given a flat role in which she only has one funny running gag about a hot dog.I ca n't recommend this movie unless you 've seen every other movie made by any one having 6 degrees of separation from Apatow and loved them all ; otherwise stick to the better ones that his troops have taken on .
 This had a few more funny moments than I expected . Not enough to make this a worthwhile movie , but gave me a few laughs . The whole medieval dress up portion of the movie went on way too long . It became boring and uninteresting . I do have to say it is a little disturbing that parents will let their actor kids -LRB- little black kid -RRB- say and do things in movies that are completely inappropriate.Don ' t but this one , but almost worth renting .
 What a mess . This movie is disturbing . The simplistic and hackneyed premise , plot , morals , cliche depiction of relationships , not to mention the story that revolves around children and their mentors , would seem to set this up as a movie that only kids and teenagers would find appealing . Except for the fact that the crude raunchy humor and innapropriate nude/sex scenes make it totally unacceptable to show to them . I ca n't say it any better than this
 I am stunned at the Amazon ratings for this movie . It makes me question all other ratings . Oh this was horrible ! 10 minutes into it I told my wife this is going to suck maybe we should turn it off . We tortured ourselves ! If this is what goes for funny I need to start making movies . Kids cussing is only funny the first time for shock value .
 Where do i start with this mindlessly pathetic film ? If you enjoy young kids and adults spouting crude and vulgar language mixed with moral depravity then this brain-dead flick is you cup of tea . For me I found it repulsive , crude and devoid of any value whatsoever . . Where is the humor in seeing young kids use the f and c words in such an apathetic way ? How about adults casually talking about f ` ing their relatives ? or teachers who flaunt their associations with illicit drugs ? If ever a film was trying to corrupt the youth then this is it . Other films may be worse in this contest -LRB- eg . Superbad -RRB- but this film has both adults AND kids speaking utter filth as if it 's socially acceptable . Only a sick set of minds would create such immoral garbage .
 Version ; U.S.A / Universal / Region FreeAspect ratio
 I was so excited to see this movie after seeing the previews . I watched it and was very let down . It 's like they ran out of actual jokes so they just threw in language intended to shock . It was like this through the entire film . They started with a really good idea , and it all just sort of fell apart after that.They resorted to 3rd string movie fillers and I was not amused . Oh , and by the way , on several reviews I read that there was no nudity . There IS nudity , so that combined with the incessantly bad language , this is not a movie for kids.I unfortunately purchased this movie before I knew all this , it 's headed for the trash now .
 Gawd awful.I 'm hardly a prude , but there was a time when one could be funny without/instead of making an over-the-top fetish of unnecessary foul jokes and language.If there 's something funny about a ten-year-old kid having probably the foulest mouth of all the characters I missed it.If you 're an adult , and not a sniggering pre - / teen , then avoid this as much as you avoid remembering when you were this immature.One star is many stars too many for this hollow , sub-juvenile tripe .
 I watched this with a friend of mine who is very forgiving of modern comedies ... and he thought it was as wretched as I did.There are so many things that are so wrong about this movie but the worst aspect of ROLE MODELS is that it is NOT funny.I do n't know who Paul Rudd is , but he has zero screen presence . I sat through his abysmal movie THE TEN and could not for the life of me understand what kind of person would laugh at that . In ROLE MODELS , he plays a selfish jerk with no redeeming qualities . He 's not funny . His acting is flat . His character goes nowhere . You never believe for a second that a severely-wasted Elizabeth Banks could ever care about a lout like him.My friend turned me about halfway through and asked , `` Do you think the studio people screened this and thought they had a winner here ? `` To the people who made this movie , it 's all about formulas and the deal . Get Stiffler from AMERICAN PIE and McLovin from SUPERBAD and you ca n't miss ... no matter how awful the final product is.I hated SUPERBAD , which had absolutely zero laughs in it . Although ROLE MODELS did manage to have a couple of weak chuckles , it had so many dead air misfires that it was more embarrassing than SUPERBAD.Another lame , horrible `` comedy '' by someone -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- whose talent has been exhausted -LRB- like Seth Rogan -RRB- and yet they keep making movie after movie . That 's Hollywood . Hooray ...
 This was a dumb stupid movie that was uninteresting and not funny . It was so uninteresting that I fell asleep while everyone else was watching the movie . One of the theater ushers had to wake me up and tell me that the movie was finished . My money there that day was all for naught !!! Another movie that is easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 Even given that we 've long since given up expecting anything more than lowest common demoninator , extreme low-brow comedies coming out of big studio Hollywood , this is STILL landmark bad . Why do movies like this get green lighted ? Do studio heads figure it will be something their teen kids might like ? The kid cursing up a storm in this movie should be offensive at his age , yet the whole movie is so poor , it gets lost in the long list of despicable and insipid things about the movie . I could literally write something ... anything . . what I did today ... what I had for lunch . . a phone call , etc , etc , etc and make it more comedic , entertaining and NATURAL than this forced farce with ten tons of the typical Hollywood super shiney chromed witlessness . One day , the studio 's will finally figure out that a handful of funny 1 liners and/or a kid cursing and/or shoehorned plots are n't enough to wad together and call it a movie . An emabarrassment .
 Alan Rudd is one my favorite and most underrated actors in years , but with high expectations of comedy , I got a few snickers and even less laughs . Do n't waist your time of money on this horrible , horrible movie .
 Ok , so I can take raunchy humor - Wedding Crashers is one of my favorite comedies ever.Paul Rudd and Sean William Scott have really decent chemistry - and this film follows a pretty usual format ... they keep it going with shallow humor , etc - and i laughed a bunch of times-HERE IS MY ISSUE
 This is stated as a dvd but isnt - they send a STUPID code for iphone or something to that effect . Some people dont have iphone - WILL KEEP talking poorly of this person . Tried to contact but NO response . NEEDS TO BE BANNED from AMAZON
 When I received the dvd I went to play it and it would n't go past a certain point in the movie . Extremely irritating and disappointing .
 The series of Wild Things movies wants desperately to be a part of neo-noir cinema , yet the characters are so cartoony , the audience does n't really care what happens to them . The plot holes are so large that the director decided that the end credits should double as five minutes of filling in the narrative gaps . The movie is of course about greed , and there 's a large amount of money at stake . It 's not particularly clear how the people who end up with the money could actually access it legally . It 's not worth thinking about though .
 13 years and the same movie remade and remade and remade . The only difference is the quality of actors keeps diminishing . By now you know the story well enough that you do n't need me to rehash it . My advice is just skip it and watch the original again because you 're not missing anything . In fact , just pretend that Wild Things 2,3 , and now 4 do n't even exist . Hell , the only `` series '' , and I use the term lightly , worse than this is Bring It On .
 this edition is no different from the first 3 . there are little twists and turns that you have to pick up and has a lot sex scenes/nuddity .
 I was lucky that this was on cable when I decided to watch it . I would have been upset if had wasted the money to even rent this . I sat through the whole toon hoping for it to pick up to no avail . It was retardedly stereotypical and the plot holes seemed large enough to drive a truck through . I am hispanic and I found this to be more of an insult than a credit . I really think that it deserves one star but I 'll cut it some slack ... even though it sucked so bad .
 Marvel comics shows a historic failing to write good Mestizo and African characters . These movies continue that tradition almost as if it were on purpose . The story is condescending . The story has too much use for street gangs the exploration of which never gets past a sound byte from an infotainment show . The moral at the end of the story is , `` you ca n't save everybody '' when of course the only people the mestizo hero tries and fails to save are mestizos . Here I read , if you want to be a mainstream success , distance yourself from your non-European origins . Marvel has been working this angle for decades . Black Falcon , Power Man , and shamefully even Warm Machine who was not originally written this way , were all eventually 1970s blacksploitation style caricatures . Wong could serve no role in the US of Marvel except `` faithful man servant '' . Storm of the luxurious long white hair would go to bed with anybody -LRB- Arkon , Forge etc. -RRB- even a risen corpse -LRB- Dracula -RRB- , as long as he was not of her own ethnic stock . They even have people approach her and they always look like pimps as if there was no other kind.Aside from this editorial method the story telling in Condor , while not good , was equal to most of the anime I have seen . The characters were simplistic but anime provides nothing but simplistic characters . The art work could have been better , but it was good enough .
 Stan Lee 's The Condor is a valiant effort , but poor story-telling , poor voice directing , and cultural omissions , ruin it.Valderrama may or may not be miscast . As the voice behind the hero of the movie , his performance greatly influences our perception and eventual acceptance of the character . Unfortunately , he gives Tony a slight drawl , which may or may not be a by-product of trying to sound soft-spoken . Tony ends up sounding like a sleepy or drugged out individual throughout the picture , especially during scenes requiring complex emotions such as his parents ' death . Combined with the mexican , or perhaps Latin accent , it 's almost offensive to Latin Americans in a stereo-typing way.The accents highlight a problem with the characters . It is never explained of what nationality Tony 's family is . Are they Mexican ? Cuban ? Columbian ? It makes a difference because a pivotal plot device recognizes a uniqueness to a culture , but there is no indication what culture that is . While it 's great to see some diversity in comic book heroes , ignoring the cultural influences to a character makes the effort pointless . Tony might as well be chinese and speaking with a Mexican accent.Story-telling is incomplete . A certain amount of `` suspension of disbelief '' is required , but a few important plot holes exist and parts requiring reality , steer to the impossible . For example , when Tony 's parents die , the police do n't investigate and stay at the scene of the accident ? Tony arrives and all the police are gone ? Tony is also vehement his parents are excellent drivers and are the most stand-up citizens , yet so easily believe they could be doing something illegal.Ultimately , we never identify with Tony . He 's uninteresting and stupid when he should n't be . The background of skateboarding is supposed to appeal to kids , but he 's an obnoxious , stupid adult who has sex with strange women . I 'm not sure what kind of role-model he 's supposed to be and the age of viewers he appeals to . He 's certainly a terrible role model for Spanish-speaking Americans , embodying a number of bad stereotypes . His special abilities are also limited and uninteresting -LRB- he can skateboard really fast ! -RRB- . There 's potential , but send this back to the drawing board .
 I 'm going to have trouble coming up with the requisite 20 words . -LRB- How am I doing so far ? -RRB- Bottom line
 You know an amateur production when they make the small amateur mistakes . After the detectives examine the body of an apparent suicide , they need to go downstairs . In doing so they walk in front of the camera and block the shot with their body . Who films like that ? And worse who would leave that in ? Ed Wood?Karma -LRB- Farrah Franklin -RRB- is an up and coming R&B ; singer haunted by her roommate 's death and spends a lot of time in the shower with her back to the camera . Wesley -LRB- Charlie Adams -RRB- plays her over protective brother . Karma places an ad in the paper for another house mate . Their place is huge and roommate really does n't fit except it sells well . The interviews she conducts has some cheesy humor to them . Should you happen to make the mistake and watch this film , I recommend making it through the interviews before you turn it off . But cheesy is n't what the writers / producers wanted so it ends after the interview segment . The beautiful Skye -LRB- Kelle Cantwell -RRB- is selected and as it turns out Skye likes Karma more than just a friend.It is clear in the first 10 minutes of the film the acting and dialouge kills it . The plot , was n't half bad , but in no way can this crew make a decent film.PARETAL GUIDE
 Picture an `` After School Spaghetti Western Special '' and you 'll have a pretty good idea what to expect with this . It 's not exactly , `` Shane '' . Bowie is an exaggerated stereotype of the psycho gunslinger replete with a trio of sycophantic miscreants , short-fuse temper , and a never-ending string of epithets.All the classic Grade B characters are present . The gentle half-wit , the prissy school m ` a ` rm , the dance hall girl with the heart of gold , and the aging gunfighter trying to hang it up.Yawn , it 's all been done before ... and better .
 I 'm a huge fan of David Bowie , Harvey H. and Wesern movies . SO this movie had winner written all over it from where I stood.What a painful movie to watch . Both Bowie and Harvey looked as though they wanted to be somewhere else . With the notable exception of one tearful scene between Harvy and his Daughter in-law this movie was void of anything that could be remotely called acting.Not surprising considering there very little story for the actors to leverage off of.I wanted to like this movie.Now I know why it was filmed in 1998 and not released in the U.S. for six years.Save your money and watch it on cable . While it is interesting to watch Bowie try to pull off a southern accent -LRB- and he DOES sing Battle Hymn of the Republic -RRB- there 's very little else going for it .
 It took me a few minutes into the movie to notice that one of the main characters was an Italian that had to have his voice dubbed . The actor doing his voice could n't act at all , which made it very painful to watch . Harvey Keitel feels so out of his element . David Bowie should stick to music and forget westerns . What can I say good about his movie ? The set was great . It 's pretty bad when the Native American actors steal the show from the main characters . What 's sad is they had everything together , the costumes , the scenery , the set . I can imagine how much money they spent getting all of this together . It 's sad they had such a horrible cast . All of that potential was wasted . I rented this movie and I want my $ 3.00 back . It was horrible . I should 've known with the title `` Gunslinger 's Revenge '' . Harvey Keitel has been doing a lot of low-rent stuff lately and has n't had a decent movie role in years . They used the names of David Bowie and Harvey Keitel to promote this western . Sadly , even that does n't mean much anymore . Unless you 're a real spaghetti western fanatic do n't rent this . It falls flat on its face from the start . I 'd be embarassed to show this to anyone , even a western fan .
 This was a Stupid excuse for a Real Western . I ca n't believe I fell for it : -LRB- The plot was soooo slow we fell asleep and had to continue later to see the end which by the way WAS the best part so if you do buy it watch the first 10 minutes and the last 10 minutes and then you have just SAVED 1 whole hour of your life and that is all you will need to see of this movie ! @
 Okay , so I was n't exactly expecting `` Gunslinger 's Revenge '' to be the next `` Unforgiven '' . But when the artwork of the 3 tough guys in western garb on the front cover grabbed my attention while sorting the the bargain bin at Wal-Mart caught my eye , I was compelled to picked it up , Hmmm , I thought , as I read the blurb on the back , sounds promising.An aging infamous gunfighter returns home to live in peace with his family and is forced out of retirement by an even deadlier gunfighter who has been on his trail for a year and is itchin for a shoot out to prove who is best . Sounds like something right up my alley and what 's more , one of my favorite tough guys , Harvey Keitel was the star . I could n't pass it up.Well , as it turns out , this was of course no `` Unforgiven '' , and as a Western lover who never met a Western I did n't like in some way -LRB- if nothing else , the scenery and sound of the horses galloping always get to me -RRB- , I think I can honestly say , this one was terrible . It may possibly be the worst Western I have ever seen.A young `` half-breed '' -LRB- as he calls himself -RRB- boy is the light of his Indian Mom and White Dad 's life . We see the story unfold from his eyes . The little town they live in has it 's share of quirky characters , and live not far from the reservation with the boys maternal family . Dad is the town `` Doc '' and seems to be the peacemaker of all quarrels . When two guys argue in the middle of town and threaten to take each other out , Doc steps in the middle -LRB- literally -RRB- and all is forgiven . But when Doc 's father returns to town after a twenty year absence , he turns their lives upside down.Johnny Lowen -LRB- Keitel -RRB- was an infamous gunfighter . None tougher or faster on the draw . But he is through with the life of a killer and wants to come home to the homestead where he was born and live a peaceful life with his son and family.But with him he brings trouble . When Jack Sikora , an even deadlier gunfighter - due to the fact that he is not only good with a gun , but a `` psycho '' as well - comes looking for Lowen for one last gunfight , Lowen 's family and the entire town are put in danger . Live 's are being lost as Sikora taunts Lowen out of retirement and eventually Sikora has found a way to get Lowen to strap his gun belt back on.This movie was filmed as if someone was trying to resurrect the old spaghetti western genre , and just failed miserably . It should be left in peace and in all the glory it had in the 60 's and 70 's . The good guys , -LRB- including our anti-hero wanna-be Keitel -RRB- with the possible execption of Doc 's slightly touched sidekick and his wife , were the biggest bunch of wimps ever to set foot in the old west . The only time Keitel ever even used his gun was to shoot bottles off a fence post . The only one who show an ounce of spirit and courage was the boy 's mom . Doc who was born in the west , spoke like he just graduated from some eastern finishing school . The acting was pitiful , dialogue awful , the action slow , painful and boring . I also expected more of a storyline for the Indians , who were merely kept informed of the events , and predicted what the `` spirits '' would do.I would have expected one of my all time favorite tough guys , Harvey Keitel , to save this horrible film , as I have never seen a movie that had him in it that I did n't enjoy . But really the only meaty role and really good acting came from David Bowie , who was truly a scary psycho surrounded by an entourage of more psycho killers . So a star for him , and one for the music . I forgive Mr. Keitel for this , everyone has to have one bad film -LRB- think Brando in ` The Island of Dr. Moreau '' -RRB- , but as a fan , and as a Western lover , I 'm sorry to say , I can not recommend this film at all -LRB- I 'm not even sure this fits into the `` western '' genre '' -RRB- . There was n't even that scenery or galloping horse sound to help me warm to this film . I watched the clock more then the film and was glad when the hour an a half came to an end.The film is rated PG13 and has some violence -LRB- and one nude scene -RRB- mixed in with this other wise tame film.Saddle Up and ride in the opposite direction of this one ... Laurie
 We actually like westerns , and Harvey Keitel -LRB- despite his apparent contract requirement that he have a scene involving his nude bum written into every film in which he appears -RRB- , and David Bowie -LRB- who seems to choose films primarily based on costuming -RRB- . Beyond that , we also even like cheesy , B-grade movies , which are often at least good for a laugh . We sat down to watch this one with the expectation that it would either be good , and we 'd like it , or it 'd be bad , and we 'd laugh at it . We were wrong . It was so bad we could n't even finish it . We wanted to . We tried . It 's so poorly written , badly dubbed , appallingly acted , haltingly paced , and generally dismal , that we could n't plow through . I 'm almost tempted to show it to friends as an example of one of the worst films I 've ever seen , but it 's really just not entertaining enough even as kitsch .
 Love David Bowie . Kietel is a good actor . But even they could not save this waste - of - time movie.Badly directed , miscast , and lead actor -LRB- Italian -RRB- had an unfortunate voiceover attempt . I felt sorry for the Native American actors who had to stand around and actually do lines for this lame movie.One star-for Bowie .
 That 's all I can think of is &#34; NO . &#34; This film was inept , empty , without merit in just about all the areas that a film requires some kind of interest on the part of the audience . Boring and dull .
 might be an enjoyable show if it was dubbed , but considering the original language doesnt even use inflection in the same way I wouldnt reccomend it unless you actually speak japanese
 Oprah did a piece on Tom Shadyac 's I Am which I was immediately interested in . I purchased this DVD thinking it was one in the same , but it clearly was not . This I Am was poorly scripted , poorly acted and , frankly not particularly relatable . I do applaud the effort to begin a dialog regarding this topic and hope it gets people thinking about their lives .
 This movie got some press in the newspapers because it was released in 2000 + churches that showed it for free instead of charging people to go to the theater to see it . It was a nice concept . I read some good reviews about it online so my husband and I went to a screening . We left after about 20 minutes because the acoustics were so terrible we could only understand some of the words . A couple of weeks later we rented it from Blockbuster.The idea of framing the 10 Commandments in modern scenarios is good . But this film has a highly improbable plot and the characters are one dimensional . It would have been a better film if the writer had tried to incorporate ways that we use and/or abuse the Commandments in our daily lives . We waded through the whole film expecting some sort of epiphany or event that would inspire the characters to come clean and rethink their behavior . Instead , they all just decided to make the change after talking things over with their consciences . This results in a very thin plot.If you 're considering buying this movie , I would recommend renting it first to see if you really want to add it to your library .
 The quality of the film is good . It looks like you would expect a movie to look like these days . The plot however was fairly obvious ; it 's likened to the plot line of the movie `` Crash '' where people are related based on a series of events both past and present . The movie started out by relating to events that was 1 year earlier so It 's understandable that the main protagonist was reflecting . However as the other characters started reflecting also -LRB- i.e. within the reflection of the main protagonist -RRB- it was very hard to keep track of what was present day and what was in the past , and past past . Character development was terrible , and some of the acting seemed unnatural . I should have lowered my expectations before looking at the film , however so this review is most likely biased . Perhaps watching too many secular films has sullied my option .
 I also got fooled by the title thinking it was the new movie by director Tom Shadyac . I bought both a used and new copy , I was a double fool . I intended to give the new one to a friend . My wife and I tried to watch it . It was so bad and the acting is way beyond horrible . We switched it off after about 20 minutes . We found the real IM by Shadyac playing at a local theater and it is terrific.Do not waste your time on this one .
 I RENTED THIS MOVIE FROM `` RENT-24 HR ON DEMAND '' AND WAS READY TO SHUT IT OFF WITHIN A FEW MINUTES BUT I WATCHED ABOUT 45 MINS OF IT -LRB- TO GIVE IT A SECOND CHANCE -RRB- . I found this movie way too preachy to be a `` storytelling '' venture . The script seemed WEEKLY-TV-series type drama . There is little for the audience to interpret ; the interpretation has already been done and the purpose and point of the movie is already known and outlined . I thought the acting was soap-opera like the script.I did not enjoy this movie at all.And , I did n't like the too-dark download and the bad audio.I will approach Amazon for a refund . -- MO
 I endured the painful waste of time to see this film the other night , It was an eye opener to see just how far Christianity has fallen into the ditch that it is in today . Then again the guy who plays God in `` I AM '' also plays in a film made in the same year called `` Nude Nuns with big guns `` I guess we all can lower our expectation of the Christian god , I know I have , as that god is not the God you will find in the Bible , not by a long shot . There are a few things I ca n't stand seeing , one is churches that put little reader board signs up that are signed by God . I have even seen them say `` open for business '' And they all cry foul when Cities try to remove the tax exempt status these Business 's enjoy . The other is heretical brainwashing trash such as this . They need to have negative stars for movies like these . If you really wish to see how Christianity got this bad you need to see the film `` Constantine 's Sword '' you can get it on Amazon .
 I also made the same mistake . I typed in the search for Tom Shadyac 's film and I thought this was it . I hate returning things so I watched it . Oh well .
 I also mistakingly ordered this dvd thinking I was ordering the documentary `` I AM '' from the Oprah show . Sadly , this dvd is a repeat of the `` fear-based '' message of Christian dvd 's ... far removed from the essence of spirituality & love in Tom Shadyac 's message of enlightenment .
 Terrible ! This movie is not the same `` I Am '' as the one that was produced by Tom Shadyac -LRB- as seen on Oprah -RRB- . The one by Shadyac is not yet available everywhere . Amazon will notify you when it becomes available , if you sign up for the alert notification .
 If you are a fan of non-linear storytelling ala Crash , you may enjoy I AM.A snobby heiress is diagnosed with cancer and wants to be frozen in cryogenics . Her brother is willed the family fortune if she dies before turning 50 . She 's 49 . A detective is on a vengeance search for the doctor who killed his wife during an experiment.A once-famed rocker has become a shell of a man after his son is tragically killed in an accident.The future Los Angeles District Attorney is squeaky clean until he learns about his girlfriend 's past.All of these storylines connect within this film . There are some nice twists and small surprises but overall , the movie is very slow . It may have made a good made-for-tv movie with the commercials breaking up the boring story.Having said that , I AM was made to show to non-Christians . Throughout the film , they project one of the Ten Commandments and you realize how each character is breaking them.Rated PG-13 for thematic elements and an intense scene .
 Thought I was ordering Tom Shadyac 's version of I Am . Searched it and was taken to a page that apepared to be what I wanted . It was n't . Many others have done the same thing . This may have been a good movie , I do n't know . I returned it becuase I ordered the wrong thing . I think I ordered the wrong thing , in part , to how these were presented on the website .
 Too abstract for my taste . This is an over priced rental . In the future , I will pay more attention to negative reviews .
 BE CAREFUL AS AMAZON IS SELLING 2 MOVIES -LRB- DIFFERENT -RRB- WITH IDENTICAL TITLE . DID NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE AT ALL . POORLY DONE . NOT WHAT WAS EXPECTED . TRY RENTING FROM LOCAL BEFORE YOU BUY .
 I purchased this movie upon the advice of a friend and was highly disappointed in the film.I could not make myself watch it after the first few minutes of the beginning.Truly a poor production .
 I am very very dissatisfied . This film is not the film I saw in theatres . It is my own fault , but do NOT make the mistake I made . I wish Amazon would have stocked the film I wanted and/or put a disclaimer on this film .
 I did n't even give this movie 1 star but had to in order to post this . This was the most money I 've spent on a DVD through Amazon.com and I was extremely disappointed . I suffered through the whole movie , hoping it would get better or even make sense before the ending . It was a waste of my money and my time . I bought it because someone recommended it . Not sure why . I buy Christian based movies more than secular and for the most part , like them all ... but not this one . Horrible acting , horrible production , hard to follow . Very dissatisfied .
 This movie comes up when you search for Tom Shadyac 's new film of the same title . They did accept my return , but only after complaining that I felt mislead into buying this item . Beware , it may not be what you think .
 What a mistake . Saw Oprah and wanted to order DVD . The one she recommened was n't released until Jan 2012 . Do n't buy this one it was a MISTAKE .
 Too bad I didnt pay better attention to what I was buying.Guess I will next time . Thought this was the one Oprah hadon her show . Cant really give it any stars/guess I had to . Didnt even watchit when I realized it wasnt the movie I wanted .
 my daughter has a few barney dvd 's and this one is not her favorite one , she watched one 's . She likes to participate -LRB- singing and dancing with barney -RRB- and this dvd do not have enough of singing and dancing . maybe for older kids is good but not for 2 year old .
 ... I have 8 IMAX films . . So tired of narration that talks down to us like were 7 years old . ! . . In fact 7 year olds are tired of being talked down to by IMAX also . ! . . IMAX is no longer the big deal they think they are . !
 What 3D ? Just horrible . While our Panasonic 65VT30 played a store-bought 3D video so that it seemed we could actually touch the people and animals in it , the Amazon download was frankly no different than a 2D to 3D conversion . We tried another Amazon Instant Video with the same results . No more orders from Amazon instant video - a total waste of money .
 I placed two orders and one arrived and one did n't ... claiming a missing address . How could that be possible if one of the packages got there ? I never got the product , so I ca n't review it .
 I do n't know whether I just received a bad disc -LRB- since no one else has described the problem I have experienced -RRB- , but I have serious difficulties playing it . The sound keeps stopping and starting , skipping and repeating , while the video itself keeps moving on -LRB- yes , in 3D -RRB- . The feature documentary is only 39 minutes long but I was so frustrated by the poor performance I gave up watching after about 15-20 minutes.I suspect I am missing nothing , other than the money I wasted on this product , because the documentary is quite boring . It is supposed to be about mummies and the secrets of the pharaohs , but it spends more time showing silly pagent-style re-enactments of what the ancient Egyptians allegedly behaved like . Then it starts talking about DNA and malaria.I do not know what the rest of the disc shows because all the skipping of the sound just got to me and I could not watch the rest.As for the 3D everyone else seems to be talking about
 Mummies
 i saw only a 3d during the beginning part then nothing more . the content is less than i expected . its not yout typical national geographic or discovery channel thing .
 The 3d is not good at all ! No subtitles . Also the documentary is not interesting at all , I watched the whole thing just beacuse Ive payed already for it -LRB- and I saw it on 2d -RRB- . Defenitely not a good option .
 This movie really is a wreck.It 's not in English , but subtitled in English . But that 's not what bothered me.The special effects were n't so special , and the dialogue just sucked.I was ready to give up about 20 minutes into the movie , and I should have.I decided to finish watching the movie , hoping it would end strong . It did n't . It was n't worth watching - even if you can watch it for free .
 I only bought `` Star Wreak '' because it came with `` Iron Sky '' . I watched Iron Sky first . That 's 93 minutes of my life I wish I could have back . I thought it was a sci-fi comedy . There have been rumors that the Nazis worked on UFO technology during World War II -LRB- and after ? -RRB- . If someone had researched that subject it could have potentially led to an interesting movie . This was not the case with Iron Sky . There was n't much sci-fi to the movie . There was no comedy that I could discern . The acting was bland and pointless . There was no plot . I guess I just did n't get it.After seeing Iron Sky I was n't planning on wasting a lot of time on Star Wreak . I watched about 20 minutes of it , reading the subtitles , and I could see that this was more of the same so it too was tossed in the trash.Hollywood is often criticized but watching movies like these make me appreciate the professionalism of the acting and directing of American-made movies . These two movies were amateurish by comparision .
 Not in English , and looks like it was made by high school kids with a digital video camera.Don ' t rent it . I did n't last 5 minutes . Waste of money .
 This `` movie '' -LRB- spoof -RRB- was SO bad it was funny . Unfortunately in my desire to get this for my husband , in my haste I did n't read all the description or comments . It was in another language with subtitles . There was no other choice but that , so reading it was distracting from the `` action '' . But my husband liked it . But if anyone wants to buy it from us , please get in touch .
 A spoof of a spoof of a spoof of all the scifi of the last 50 years . A bad script and poor acting is embellished by passable special effects . What a waste . .
 Translating jokes from English to Finish and then back again , just does n't work.The CGI is better than average and the actors seem to enjoy their roles , butit is not a good movie .
 `` The Arrangement '' has been a reality series of dazzling , awe-inspiring cheesiness . From the nude sushi models of the first episode to the drag queens of the sixth , they 've been ready to pull out all the stops . But not this one . In this episode , the floral designers make their own flower logo , explain it to True Religion 's Kym Gold , make arrangements based on tattoos , then design the sides of cars . It 's disappointing all around -- surprising , since the designers are supposed to `` brand '' themselves . It 's about as exciting as a board meeting , without the relief of coffee and doughnuts.This episode was a shocking clunker for the series -LRB- other than its awful theme song -RRB- It 's a step aboveGoing Down In Flameswith the A-List
 There are some excellent and very insightful viewer reviews already here on these pages . I concur specifically with the statement made by the spotlight reviewer
 Amos Gitai has lost something since his directorial debut film ESTHER . In 1985 , he took the biblical story of the book of ESTHER and placed it in the ruins of former Arab and Middle-Eastern Jewish area of Haifa , Wadi Salib , that had been destroyed in a 1950s riot.Gitai 's fast moving action film KIPPUR , released in 2000 , about the war that Gitai had personally survived as an Israeli soldier , had been 27 years later turned into this movie from his war experiences . -LRB- In fact , the final scene of the intense action-adventure war movie KIPPUR actually comes directly from Gitai 's personal experience . -RRB- ESTHER and KIPPUR were outstandingly good films that made Gitai 's career.Now comes KEDMA -LRB- in Hebrew meaning , `` towards the East '' -RRB- . What a cinematic disaster!Basic story
 I really wanted to like this movie and was excited to see something concerning the birth of the 1948 war for Israeli independence . Yet , this film was slow , it was too melodramatic , and , worst of all , it was a historical fabrication . The Haganah and the concentration camp refugees are made to look like the aggressors in the film , which is the contemporary spin put out by leftists like Noam Chomsky but this view is completely false historically . If a person knew nothing about the 1948 war they would have no idea , after viewing Kedma , that the Jewish settlers were attacked on all sides by the armies of four nations . This was in response to the UN 's mandate establishing one national zone for Israelis and two for the indigenous Arabs in the regions disputed . The refugees were certainly not the cause of the bloodshed that is depicted here . They acted in self-defense , but Kedma portrays them as hopping around and throwing Arabs off their land where ever they found them . Why there is so much self-hatred in Israel is completely beyond my comprehension .
 One of the worst movies I 've seen in a while . Starts off kinda sorta promising , and then turns into a sub-par survival horror movie that is derivative of every other such movie you 've seen . It has no internal logic , and frequently breaks the rules it has established earlier . Nor does earn its ending . I ca n't say more without giving a lot away . Re-watch some Walking Dead ` sodes instead . -LRB- Or watch the 2006 horror movie of the same title , which is a genuinely good movie . -RRB-
 Pierce Brosnan , I ca n't believe that he left the James Bond franchise , the most prosperous movie franchise of all time , to do simple minded caper films like After The Sunset . I 'm usually able to put up with boring movies , but not when it comes to caper films . So I was extremely disappointed with this movie.This movie is basically about a criminal named Max -LRB- Brosnan -RRB- and his girlfriend Lola -LRB- Hayek -RRB- who just stole the second of three Napoleon diamonds and decide to move to a tropical island to retire . There they are followed by an FBI agent Stan -LRB- Harrelson -RRB- , whom the two theifs stole the diamonds from while he was on duty watching them , who is ultimately trying to get revenge on Max for making him look like a fool in the FBI . Luckily enough , the last Napoleon diamond is going to be on display on a cruise boat that will be docked on the island for one week , so Max has one week to come up with a way to get the diamond , avoid getting caught by Stan and keeping his girlfriend happy . She does n't want Max to steal the diamond . Does he decide to steal the diamond ? Does he avoid the FBI and get away with stealing it ? Does he keep his girl happy ? Thats basically the whole plot.This movie was not good at all . As you can tell from the title of my review , it was very slow . It started out pretty good with a cool remote control car chase . Then the movie just died for , well , basically the rest of the movie because even the scene when Max attempts to steal the diamond is n't very exciting and it lasts for about 5 minutes . Pierce Brosnan is good , but then again he always is . I 'm a big Bond fan and I 'm just a little bummed out that he does n't want to make any more Bond films . Selma Hayek just shakes her -LSB- ... -RSB- and jugs the whole movie . Woody Harrelson tells very unfunny jokes and Don Cheadle appears for maybe 10 minutes of this movie . Talk about a waste of talent.So overall I would not recommend seeing this movie . Theres just not enough going on the keep the attention of the audience . But at least I understand what the title means . It means the time that you go to sleep , which is a great discription of this movie .
 Brett Ratner has directed several mainstream films including Rush Hour -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Red Dragon -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . His latest addition to mainstream cinema is a less than mediocre cinematic experience called After the Sunset . It has several interesting premises , but Ratner never succeeds in thrusting the story in an appealing direction . Ratner does develop a sense of intrigue , as the film promotes an atmosphere that radiates charisma and lures the audience to desire the film to succeed . Instead the film remains hanging in a twilight zone where the audience eagerly anticipates the film to kick off . In previous films that Ratner has directed such as Rush Hour which brought millions to the theaters to enjoy the funny and action packed duo Chris Rock and Jackie Chan . This time the audience will feel cheated as the end credits roll before the their eyes.The idea to the story surrounds the couple Max Burdett -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- and Lola Cirillo -LRB- Salma Hayek -RRB- who live on the edge stealing highly guarded jewelry . The affectionate companionship that these two have is suppose to engulf both of them and seems tense , ludicrous , and hollow . This might be one reason for why the film never takes off , as much of the story surrounds how they feel for one another . It is true that there are a couple of intimate scenes , yet these too feel a little awkward , as this is not the focus of the film.The film opens with such a situation where the FBI agent Stan Lloyd -LRB- Woody Harrelson -RRB- has a strong intuition that Max will attempt to steal a colossal diamond that he is transporting . In order to prevent Max from stealing the diamond the FBI has him under surveillance , but to little aid as he turns the situation into an extraordinary robbery where the FBI looks like kindergarteners versus adults . During the heist the audience gets to see a solid idea , which is truly depicted in the Ratner spirit that many have been accustomed to through Rush Hour . Yet , the film is very unlike Rush Hour , as After the Sunset also attempts to play on humor , but does not succeed and feels awkward , unfocused , and untimely.After the heist , during which Max got shot , the couple retires to a comfortable life in the Bahamas . Initially , Max and Lola enjoy retirement through fine dining and tender days in the sun . However , too much of something good can also be spoiled if one loses the meaning of life , and one only tries to relax . Restlessness begins to grow within Max while Lola picks up several hobbies such as tennis , carpentry , and snorkeling . One day out of the blue Stan appear in Max 's house , as he suspects that Max will plan a heist for the third and final Napoleonic diamond . A light is born within Max , as Stan draws his attention to this grand diamond and maybe Max will make a comeback from his retirement.After the Sunset brings several stimulating ideas to the audience that Ratner could have expanded on such as the restlessness of retirement , Max 's love for Lola , the comeback from retirement , the heist , the relationship between Max and Stan , and much more . Yet , this potpourri of themes and plots is turned into a jumbled mishmash of notions and thoughts that are never drawn in a distinct direction . This leaves the viewer with much to think about , but nothing to conclude , as nothing is truly relevant to any of the characters.After the Sunset has many good qualities such as wonderful cinematography , good sound , and good casting that unfortunately does not bring together a solid cinematic experience . There is too much going on in the film , which makes it a little ditsy and unfocused . Despite the unfocused storyline the audience gets to experience Ratner 's potential as a filmmaker , as he does generate an atmosphere of brilliance that makes the audience want the story to succeed . This film is worth seeing and experiencing for its stunning atmosphere , yet it misses some of the crucial elements to be a truly good film .
 This should n't have been more cleverly written movie . Instead it depended on sex-appeal to sell the movie . Which was n't sucessful because it lack a plausible plot . The save of this movie was Woody Harrleson and Don Cheadle who is great as the bad guy .
 If you make comparion between ` After the Sunset ' and films based on Elmore Leonard , this clich&eacute;d heist movie would be dull ` Big Bounce ' or turgid ` Be Cool . ' For all the inclusion of Pierce Brosnan and Salma Hayek , Brett ` Rush Hour ' Ratner-directed ` After the Sunset ' is at best a marginally entertaining film with few redeeming points.From the ridiculously contrived opening heist sequence in LA , you know the film is not very good . You watch FBI agents carrying an invaluable diamond in SUV . You know their braggadocio is the sign that tells you its leader Woody Harrelson would be humiliated . And you know it is done by two professional thieves super cool Brosnan and ultra sexy Hayek.That is fine as long as the scenes are quick and slick . No such luck , for the direction of Brett Ratner is slow and lazy , showing his hand too fast . And his bland direction never improves after flash-forwarding to the Bahamas , where Brosnan and Hayek live in retirement . Though Harrelson 's agent arrives , and a big cruise ship comes in with a big diamond , providing the master thief Brosnan another chance to pull off a heist , the film never becomes involving , relying on the familiar jokes and the uninteresting , stereotyped characters.Instead of the character-driven story , what you get is lots of beautiful images of the Bahamas -LRB- as if shown as promotion video -RRB- and a rough idea of the comfortable life there . You also have a chance to see Ms. Hayek in bikini , which is fine in itself , and a dull , thrill-free heist on the ship . And Oscar nominee Don Cheadle 's worst acting in his career . Perhaps the director is to be blamed for Cheadle looks as if he does n't know how to play his character as the gangster , who is after all unnecessary in the story , and probably he knows it . Only Naomie Harris goes unscathed thanks to the mildly interesting character as the local police detective.With careless storytelling , careless casting -LRB- full of racial stereotypes -RRB- and very dry and tasteless capers , ` After the Sunset ' is ` Rush Hour ' without Jackie Chan . There are a few funny moments , but the film is hardly worthwhile .
 First off , this is NOT an action-comedy like rush hour . In fact , there 's very little action at all . The entire movie is pretty much spent focusing on two professional thieves , the FBI agent that is tailing them , and the $ 64,000 question of whether or not they are really `` retired '' or will they steal again.There seems to be lots of chemistry between Selma and Pierce , and because the location is tropical , there 's LOTS of Selma in a bikini . The movie could almost be worth watching just for that . In fact , that 's probably the only reason why this movie got 2-stars instead of 1 . They 're good actors . Just in a bad movie.I ca n't even say it 's a romantic-comedy because there 's really just not much comedy to it . Maybe it 's almost a romantic-comedy , just with not a lot of comedy . They needed it funnier , or more action , or SOMETHING to happen . Instead , this film has multiple personality disorder , kind of just wanders around aimlessly until the sappy stupid ending.Wait until they begin showing this on TBS before seeing it .
 The concept is a good one
 Did I miss something ? Was there a contest going through all the Grade Schools of America to find the best story for acclaimed director Bret Ratner to bring to the silver screen ? If so , why was n't there a calendar made for those who did n't make the final cut ? Oh , wait , apparently children did not write this film , but instead a guy that wrote for the TELEVISION SERIES the Weakest Link . That surely makes him ready by all means to tackle the caper genre and inherit a big payday ... right ? You are the weakest link ... good-bye . This movie was a disaster from the beginning . With cardboard acting , an aging -LRB- and girth growing -RRB- sex symbol , and a corny ending that incorporated nothing that we were shown through the entire film , it is a big wonder how After the Sunset ever saw the illustrious `` green-light '' . Perhaps it was the size of Salma 's boo ... name , or perhaps the fact that Pierce Brosnan 's The Thomas Crown Affair was such a cult film , or maybe because Don Cheadle was in it , because it had really no pull with just Woody headlining . So , how did this film get made ? This film targeted pre-teen boys and retirement communities , and with their great pull , the financing behind this film became very easy.This was a caper film right ? We are supposed to go on this roller coaster ride of who 's conning whom , coupled with lies , deceit , and a surprise ending that will make you want to rewatch from the beginning to experience anything that you missed . That is the focus , goal , and overall tone that a film like this should have followed . Instead , Ratner decided to just make a movie without any sort of excitement or drive . As I watched this film , I never once felt excited about the plot . Why ? Because there was nobody getting me excited . The acting in this film was well below par for anything that Hollywood has released . Pierce tries , but just ca n't seem to capture the essence of the film . There is no little demon inside you rooting for anything . Salma 's role was basically for eye-candy . She provided nothing spectacular either . I can literally say the same for Woody and Cheadle as well . Here we have strong actors doing absolutely nothing during the course of about two hours . These characters never drive the plot , they bring nothing but clich&eacute;s to the table , and by the end we really do n't have any true grasp as to whom they are . Honestly , cardboard cutouts could have replaced the actual actors and After the Sunset would have been a better film . There was no depth to the characters , no emotion , no structure , just the simple direction of `` step here , say your line , step here , look surprised '' . It was embarrassing for all that were involved.I think a major flaw to this film was that Ratner did not fully understand , or was prepared , for the caper genre . From the opening moments until the end of the film , you can tell that Ratner is just trying to use his friends in the industry and show the world that he has some power as well . I say this because I saw no true direction or moment of impressiveness where he defines himself as a director . He reuses the same ideas throughout the entire film , he does n't give anything strong to his players , and nothing stood out in this movie . Sure , it was a beautiful location , but am I to believe that Salma spend a majority of the film building a deck for them to sit on ? Am I to believe that Pierce is still a sex symbol even with a HUGE gut sticking out ? Am I to believe that Cheadle is a bad guy/imported American who is at the top of the community ? Finally , am I to believe that Pierce could still move as quickly as Ratner defined ? I swear that in the final unclimactic moments of this film , I could hear Pierce doing some heavy breathing to get from point A to point B. Maybe he is n't ready for the next Bond role.So , without a good story , or decent characters , maybe there was some humor in it that could pull us away from the sour sensation cultivating in your mouth . Well , guess who is placed in to do the humor element ? Woody Harrelson . Now , I do n't mind Woody , but in this role , he just was n't believable and his humor was so clich&eacute; that I had trouble believing that he brought anything to this character . He literally plagiarized his entire role . Teachers , and film viewers of the world , should be very upset with him . Instead of bringing a new twist to his character , he resorted to weird sex humor , skimpy bully humor , and that ever-popular drunken humor while fishing that is sure to make that senile woman in the front burst out with laughter . To me it was pathetic and a worthless attempt to make a joke out of already dead film.Overall , this was a massive disappointment . Here you had a decent director , some strong players , but the worst story ever written by a man who wrote for a game show . Which piece does not fit ? There was this huge sense of apathy throughout this entire film and clich&eacute;s riddled it that I just could n't get past . Brosnan had trouble with this film , and I could n't tell if it was because he just did n't care , or because he was working with such low-talent that his heart just was n't in it . The ending hurt as well . There was no excitement or intensity , just plain ... `` here it is ... like it or not '' . I personally could n't digest this film with its poor acting and below-par story . This may be a good film for some that are not familiar with the caper genre , but for me it was just hogwash.Grade
 If you enjoy a movie where you always know what 's going to happen before it does , this one is for you . The screenplay is predicatable . Hayek is beautiful , but she plays a caracature . Brosnan tries to look sophisticated and sexy by never shaving , but he ca n't pull off the look . He just looks old and haggard , especially in contrast to Hayek 's vigor . Woody Harrelson wastes our time . Do n't watch it .
 Woody Harrelson -LRB- The Hi-Lo Country , Welcome To Sarajevo -RRB- stars as a cop on the chase after a theif , Pierce Brosnan -LRB- Evelyn , Die Another Day -RRB- and his sexy accomplice/lover Salma Hayek -LRB- Frida , Once Upon A Time In Mexico -RRB- . Harrelson tracks the 2 to a Jamaican island where there on a cruise ship lies what is called a Napolean diamond ... and Harrelson thinks Brosnan and Hayek are there to steal it . But whose playing who in this moshpit of a mess directed by Rush Hour filmmaker Brett Ratner ... Ratner 's second failure after Red Dragon ... poor guy . Brosnan in yet AGAIN another Thomas Crown Affair/James Bond themed movie . Hayek is sexy but she cant act in this monstrousity . Don Cheadle -LRB- Hotel Rwanda , Oceans 12 -RRB- and Woody Harrelson are both rendered dull . Chris Penn also seems dull ... just watch the scene with him at the beginning at the basketball game ... too annoying . Look fast for Edward Norton -LRB- The Italian Job , Primal Fear -RRB- at the b-ball game . A caper then topples over on itself . Save your money and wait till it comes out on DVD when they slash the prices to like 10 bucks . All in all when we get to the end of the film , I did not care who one or who lost the diamond . . end of story
 Lobotomized mollusk and senile senior citizens must have been the target audience for this contrived nonsense . Apparently , this is a lame sequel to the revised version of the Thomas Crown Affair which starred Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo . Only this time , Pierce steals jewels instead of art . And , instead of courting Rene he is living with Salma Hayek , who plays Lola Cirillo , his crime-partner and lover . But , even Salma in a skimpy bikini can not save this lame crime-caper/love story . However , if you dislike the FBI , you will like Woody Harrelson playing doofus FBI agent Stanley Lloyd , a modern version of cartoon character Dudley Do Right.This is another classic paint-by-the-numbers production which supposedly was going to be a blockbuster simply because it starred Pierce Brosnan , Salma Hayek , Woody Harrelson and Don Cheadle at the luxurious Atlantis Hotel & Casino on Paradise Island adjacent to Nassau , Bahamas . But , apparently , nobody at New Line Cinema read the pathetic script by Paul Zbyszewski , based on a story by Paul , who subsequently created and wrote Day Break , the short-lived TV series on ABC . Obviously , Pierce , Salma , Woody and Don did n't read the script , or care as long as they got big bucks . There are all kinds of prostitutes in Hollywood.The script is a cut-and-paste assemblage of cliches and contrived characters with the main plot revolving around Pierce as Max Burdett , a jewel thief pursued for seven years by FBI agent Stanley Lloyd , played by Woody Harrelson . Apparently , the FBI embraces nitwits which I guess explains how it bungled the 9/11 attacks on the Twin Towers and the Pentagon . Agent Stan after pursuing Pierce for seven years is robbed by Pierce as Max of Napoleon 's Hope Diamond while personally transporting it to a museum in Los Angeles . I did n't know FBI agents can be hired as couriers.Anyway , during the heist , Pierce locks Woody in an SUV and then via remote control directs the vehicle along public streets until concealing it in a parking garage . Although the vehicle is surrounded by other FBI vehicles , none of the many FBI agents had the common sense to simply shoot the tires of vehicle carrying Woody . But , that is minor compared to upcoming big cat-and-mouse chase which comprises most of the film.Agent Doofus played superbly by Woody is suspended by the FBI but somehow retains his gun , badge and identification card . Somehow , he tracks Pierce and Salma to a private house on a beach in Nassau , Bahamas . Then he obtains six suitcases of high-tech surveillance equipment from FBI headquarters in Washington D.C. Then , on his own dime flys to Nassau , breaks into Pierce 's house and plants listening devices . Somehow , a guy with a gun and six suitcases of high-tech equipment simply got on an airplane and walked through Bahamian Customs.Next , the story really gets silly . Doofus Woody waits for Pierce at the house and makes lame threats . Pierce pays to have Woody moved to a VIP suite at the Atlantis resort and entertained by female masseuses . Meanwhile , Pierce and Salma , allegedly retired from crime , spend evenings going to dinner with an endless procession of loud and overweight American couples . Also , Salma pressures Pierce to write his wedding vows . Whoop di do ! Another alleged hot chemistry scene.Agent Doofus better known as Stan , enlists Sophie a local , black Nassau cop played by Naomie Harris , as his partner in the war against Pierce and Salma . This leads to the second love-story subplot which is even more pathetic than the Pierce-Salma tryst . The big sex-scene between Woody and Naomi is interrupted by a call to Naomi 's cellphone regarding a jewel theft from a cruise ship docked in Nassau . Woody pleads for five minutes to do the deed . Naomi asks `` Can you do it in two minutes ? '' Woody says `` Oh , yeah , '' and begins humping while both are still wearing underwear . I guess that was one of the great chemistry scenes referred to by other reviewers.Anyway , the story limps along to a stupid finale more appropriate for a Saturday morning kids show on Nickelodeon . Regarding the Don Cheadle character and subplot
 `` After the Sunset '' is a caper movie that does n't function particularly well as a caper movie , a romance that does n't function particularly well as a romance , and a buddy movie that ... well , you get the point.This movie breezes through a hour and a half pretty painlessly , and provides some decent moments ; besides , honestly , any film that shows this much of Salma Hayek gets two stars on general hetero principles.Problem is , caper movies have to have something that crackles - the dialogue , the details of the caper itself , the action , the suspense - and `` After the Sunset '' settles for a laid-back , Jimmy Buffett style of storytelling that does n't offend , but is n't particularly involving or fun.Pierce Brosnan plays Max , an ace jewel thief ; Hayek plays his partner in crime and life , Lola . Brosnan and Hayek have a nice , easygoing chemistry well suited to their comfortable onscreen relationship , which is tested when Max decides to pull one last job.Woody Harrelson plays Stan Lloyd , an FBI agent who has been foiled by Max before , most notably in the opening sequences , during which Max takes remote control of the SUV Lloyd is riding in -LRB- neat trick , since 1 -RRB- no car can be driven this way , and 2 -RRB- Max could n't possibly drive the car without knowing where it 's going -RRB- , knocks him out with gas , and steals the diamond the FBI is transporting.Lloyd follows Max to the Bahamas -LRB- one wonders how much the Atlantis resort paid for all the free product placemeent -RRB- , where he finds Max thinking -LRB- or maybe not thinking -RRB- of knocking over an ocean liner carrying a precious diamond.Along the way , a local cop -LRB- Naomie Harris , following up her strong performance in `` 28 Days Later '' with another one -RRB- takes notice of Lloyd , and they eventually hook up in a scene taken straight from `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' -LRB- you know , the one where Indy keeps telling Marian to kiss different innocuous body parts before pointing to his lips -RRB- . And , amazingly enough , Max and Lloyd become buddies , though I never bought that aspect of their relationship one bit -LRB- which , as it turns out , is more of a plot contrivance than a failure of the actors or script -RRB- . There 's also a local crime boss -LRB- Don Cheadle -RRB- , a transplanted gangster from Detroit who tries to contract Max to steal the diamond to `` develop the local infrastructure . `` Caper movies can either revel in the details -LRB- `` Heist '' -RRB- , the characters -LRB- `` The Sting '' -RRB- , or in the style -LRB- the remake of `` Ocean 's Eleven '' -RRB- , but `` After the Sunset '' does n't seem to revel in anything but its own mellowness -LRB- and long , lingering shots of Hayek , thank goodness -RRB- . All this adds up to a movie that tastes good and is instantly forgettable - a cinematic Pina Colada , if you will .
 Someone needs to tell Pierce Brosnan to play something other than spies and charming thieves -- he 's been playing them since the eighties , and there 's only so much he can do with those roles . Unfortunately he treads old ground in `` After the Sunset , '' a weary crime caper which is lightened only by Salma Hayek 's attempts to spice it up.Max -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- and Lola -LRB- Salma Hayek -RRB- are master thieves ... in retirement . Having pulled off one last robbery , they are planning to retire to a tropical paradise . Lola loves the life of leisuere in the Bahamas , but Max is finding it a bit hard to settle down -- he even tries to get Lola to engage in some petty thefts , just for the rush of it.Then Max learns that a nearby cruise ship is showcasing the famous third Napolean diamond . He 's already stolen two , so it seems only appropriate . FBI agent Stan Lloyd -LRB- Woody Harrelson -RRB- is determined to finally catch his quarry after seven long years -- and engages in a tedious game of cat and mouse with Max , as Max decides whether or not to steal the diamond.It 's a bit hard not to compare this to `` The Thomas Crown Affair , '' Brosnan 's sleek star vehicle from 1999 . `` After the Sunset '' suffers from a lack of almost everything that `` Affair '' had -- style , sexiness , a tight plot and solid direction , a few unexpected twists , and a female lead who does n't look way too young for the 50-plus Brosnan.The main focus of the plot seems to be lingering on the beauty of the Bahamas and the swank surroundings Max and Lola glide through . Occasionally Max uses improbable hi-tech robbery tools . Not a bad tour , really . But you can only eat so much cotton candy before wanting a steak . Otherwise , it gets obscenely boring -- no thrills . Eventually the strained plot tries to give itself some twists , like Lola threatening to seek the high life AWAY from Max . But you never actually believe that she will.Brosnan does n't stretch any new acting muscles , but he 's charming and suave in a Bond-ish , Remington-Steele-ish way . Salma Hayek does much better , giving the film some bikini shots , yet offering an innocent charm whens she talks about a tennis instructor complimenting her `` backside . '' Don Cheadle is embarrassing as a local gangster , and Harrelson gives a decent enough performance as the bumbling agent . `` After the Sunset '' has two good actors , but misuses them in a plot that is overstretched and overstrained . `` To Catch a Thief '' ? How about `` To Catch A Break . ''
 There are one or two comic moments that makes me smile , but on the whole it is boring . The technology is lame . The heist is lame . The twist at the end is lame . There is a camaraderie between Brosnan and Harrelson that works in spite of the material . However , it actually hurts the movie in some ways . It makes it hard to believe the level of antagonism that is needed to exist between them . Hayek is beautiful and likeable , but her revealing wardrobe does not redeem her one dimensional character . I kept expecting the movie to soar a little , but it maintains a very low key , mediocre level through out . Very disappointing . I like the actors and the location so I am giving it two stars .
 `` After the Sunset '' stars Pierce Brosnan and Salma Hayek as an engaged couple who also happen to be jewel thieves . They plot one last job before they retire to the Bahamas and a life of luxury . The only thing standing in their way is a bumbling FBI agent , played by Woody Harrelson . Can these two thrill seekers can forego their lives of crime?Overall , the movie is an agreeable time-filler . The cast is attractive , the soundtrack music is fun , and the setting is gorgeous . Unfortunately , the awkward script tries to balance intrigue and humor - ultimately doing a disservice to both . In other words , it 's exactly what you 'd expect from the director of `` Rush Hour '' -LRB- Brett Ratner -RRB- . More importantly , this movie brings absolutely nothing new to the already over-crowded field of heist films . One of the running jokes is that Harrelson 's character borrows a DVD of Hitchcock 's `` To Catch a Thief '' from Brosnan . I should have taken the hint and watched that vastly superior Hitchcock movie instead of this completely average flick .
 This movie started off pretty good , but quickly went downhill . If you 're looking for a movie with alot of action , this is n't it . It 's not the worst movie I 've ever seen , but it 's far from the best . I gave one extra deserved star , for Salmas body !
 Big Momma 's House was a huge hit for Fox Studios , which had gone through a yearlong dry spell . Much of the reason for its success is that Hollywood has finally realized that there is a big urban market , composed mainly of young Afro-Americans , with plenty of disposable income and an obvious fondness for movies . What the industry may not know is that the novelty of having more movies aimed towards this audience will wear off . When this happens , the product will need to improve . Take Big Momma 's House as an example . If it had had mainly a white cast and starred Robin Williams , it probably would have died after its opening weekend . Different audience groups vary in what they think is funny , but lazy movie making such as this effort eventually ends up discouraging the intended target.Martin Lawrence is Malcolm , a FBI agent whose skills include impersonating people . Nolan -LSB- Anthony Anderson -RSB- is a dangerous criminal who has just escaped from prison . The Feds assume he will head for the $ 2,000,000 he stole in his last heist . His old girlfriend Sherry -LSB- Nia Long -RSB- is put under surveillance because she may or may not know where the money is . Before they can properly stake her out , Sherry flees to Georgia with her young son . Malcolm and his partner are assigned to follow her . They think she is going to her grandmother 's house . Before Sherry can contact Big Momma , the woman leaves town . Malcolm decides to impersonate her . Sherry winds up believing Malcolm is Big Momma , Malcolm falls for Sherry , and the movie gets progressively sillier.Seeing a man dressed as a woman is not in itself necessarily inherently funny . The humor resides in how the man reacts to being in this role , as in his getting accustomed to such attire and in his discovery that his feminine side is starting to show . Great examples of this are Dustin Hoffman in Tootsie , Eddie Murphy in The Nutty Professor and Robin Williams in Mrs. Doubtfire . In those movies , it was necessary for the actors to be convincing because the story depended on it . The plot of Big Momma 's House also requires believability , But Martin Lawrence seems uncomfortable in his role . He often contorts his face and rolls his eyes as if to say to the audience that he is really a man . The audience knows this , and his tentative approach to being Big Momma becomes irritating.The people who wrote this movie should learn that , while humor can be crude , all things crude are not humorous . There is a scene near the beginning that takes bathroom humor to a new low , not that it was very high to begin with . I am not at all a prude . I realize we live in times which are basically wide open . I simply did n't find the scene amusing . Of course , I did n't find much of the movie to be that funny .
 Someone explain to me why Martin Lawrence gets paid as a ` Top Dog '' to be featured in any film , short film or disastrous FOX sitcom ? Just because you personally know Eddie Murphy is n't an excuse , but apparently , Martin has made a living at doing it.It makes a man angry -LRB- me and you ... even if you 're a woman -RRB- when you see Martin Lawrence on screen without a semblance of talent ... and you realize he 's making about eight times what you make.After the first fourteen minutes of this film , I figured out a fun game to play
 I went to watch this movie hoping to have a mild laugh , what a huge mistake . The film is beyond wrong , it is not funny , very predictible , short , at least is short , and has not even one good joke . The story is not believable , come on . Martin Lawrence is and will never be a good actor , The only actor that passes is Paul Giamatti , but bearly . I would have fallen asleep if the sound was n't loud in the movies . I was so sad the entire movie since I mised my chance of watching GLADIATOR again , which was the other movie in the cinema . I went with my cousin , and she loved it , I wanted to hit her , just as I want to hit the person responsible for this insult , I want my money back . Any one who likes this movie is a true stupid , which is what this movie is , an boring hour for stupids . If you consider yourself intelligent , see any other comedy , like Airplane , Naked Gun , etc. . Not this garbage . This shold be banned by law . The make-up looks so fake , you only see Martin Lawrence with plastic , too much plastic in the entire movie ... And the chracters are soo exagerated than it hurts . I like almost any movie , but this , What a junk .
 Loved this movie 's comedy , the jokes , and the story line to match .
 This sub - ` Mrs Doubtfire ' rubbish is simply dire . It 's contrived set-up has Martin Lawrence dressing up as Big Momma , the grandmother of a bank robber 's girlfriend , in an attempt to get closer to the girl and find out where the robber is . So along comes the girl with kid in tow and ` Big Momma ' quickly falls for her.Yes this is one of those movies that is not only heavily reliant on fat jokes and toilet humour but almost revels in them . The humour is tacky and dull whilst the romantic subtext is tired . The only real point of recommendation is the character of a security guard desperate to become a police officer and is always ready to shoot down anyone who looks like they pose a threat . However , one character alone does n't save the movie , and even Martin Lawrence looks bored .
 This movie is only for die hard Martin Lawrence fans . Essentially , the film takes a familiar gimmick -LRB- man in drag trying to impress a woman -RRB- and brings little imagination to it . Practically every scene looks like it was taken from another movie . Sure Nia Long is cute -LRB- she looks great in a negligee -RRB- , but that alone is not justification to see this movie . The jokes you 've probably seen before -LRB- and done better -RRB- . Toward the end , Martin Lawrence seems bored and so will you.If you like the concept , go see SOME LIKE IT HOT , MRS. DOUBTFIRE or TOOTSIE instead . All three are much better movies . Simply put , BIG MOMMA 'S HOUSE plays like a bad `` Martin '' episode .
 All I can say is that if you ever get to see this movie , DO N'T ! It was the biggest waste of film of the year 2000 -LRB- besides BattleField Earth -RRB- . Only people who find stupid white people and a guy dressing as a fat woman funny should watch this movie . If you get the chance to see it , run away , and never look back .
 If I see another black male actor performing in drag , I think I will scream ! This is very old and tired . But that 's not even the worse . In this movie , Martin is telling the same old predictable jokes , doing the same situations , etc. . He has absolutely NO character diversity . It 's always Martin `` Pain '' or Lawrence or whatever his schizophrenic character is . I looked at re-runs of REAL comedians -LRB- i.e. Richard Pryor , Flip Wilson , even Red Skelton -RRB- and they ALL were funny -- with or without props ! Their jokes , timing , subject matter , etc. deems them talented . The early part of Eddie Murphy 's career was hilarious , too . But I guess Eddie 's too old to be funny . And poor Martin never had the talent to begin with . What 's up with the cross dressing anyway ? Martin does too much of this . Eddie had an obsession with homosexual jokes until he was caught with a drag prostitute . Martin seems to have a love-hate problem with the female image . Was n't he barking at cars in real life ? Dumb movie , poor acting .
 First and foremost , if I could give MOMMA zero stars , I would , but 1 star is the lowest rating allowed ... , so I 'll just tell the nicest thing I canpossibly say in it 's favor ; BIG MOMMA 'S HOUSE is the worst movie of all time.The old joke of men becoming drag queens in movies simply to satisfy the audience is getting old really fast . It 's time to see women disguising themselves as men . Oh sure , there was that bit in CHARLIE 'S ANGELS -LRB- a movie I enjoyed 10 million times more than this -RRB- where Cameron Diaz and Drew Barrymore put on makeup to look like two of the UGLIEST men ever.That 's another thing wrong with MOMMA . The makeup Martin Lawrence wears does n't make him look like a fat , old granny . It makes him look like Martin Lawrence in a fat , old granny suit.Trust me , do n't waste your time watching this `` movie '' . The 90 minutes you use up watching it you could instead use to entertain yoursef with much funnier things , like watching candles burn .
 big momma 's house is exactly the same as mrs. doubtfire and neither of them are funny . if he wants to dress up like a woman , then that 's his business . same old jokes . your face is falling off , oh my god she knows I am not who she thought I was now . I saw nothing funny here . especially at the end there is a scene with a church and singing amazing grace . they do n't even attempt any jokes . really ca n't think of a thing that 's even remotely entertaining in this . i 'd call it a dissapointment but it did n't have any high expectations .
 he is a comedian right?i mean this is the same mar ` in from UPN 9 right?the same dude who is cracking me up for 1/2 an hour -LRB- or used to -RRB- ? aaaaahhhhhhhhhh , there it is.his movies are too long!that and a combination of whacked ideas , cornyashell scripts , a huge dose of over acting , the list of offences is endless.he is becoming the micheal jackson of comics.the same jokes , the same mannerisms , the same everything.but yet , it gets praise.such is the problem with the quality of todays movies/music . when will an honest voice be heard , or a genuine artist get a chance ? -LRB- shakes head at the obvious answer ! -RRB- well , back to mar ` in.hes coming out with a new movie called , black knight.i felt a collective sigh of pity throughout the theatre.it truely is embarassing to see how an actor as funny as mar ` in used to be accept anything passed his way .
 After fifteen minutes I began to gag . Thirty minutes in I began to feel dizzy . Around the forty five minute mark , I had to turn this one off for fear of passing out and drowning in my own vomit . This film will stand the test of time and reign supreme atop the list of worst movies ever made . It will take a deliberate attempt to dethrone Big Momma .
 Fortunately for me , I waited til this total waste of film , and time on my part , was on video before viewing . I am not even a fan of Martin Lawrence . I did like Blue Streak , but only because the charming Luke Wilson was in it . I do n't think Lawrence has alot of comedic talent . I have to admit there are a few , very few rare momments of Martin Lawrence that I actually consider funny . And maybe one of them was in this film . Blue Streak was a much better movie and story . I am a fan of some of the older , much more funny comedies that involve men dressing up like women for whatever reason . SOME LIKE IT HOT & TOOTSIE are probably the best of the bunch . Plus , how many times can bathroom humor be funny ? It 's getting old . This waste of time has maybe two or three funny parts , and the rest is just totally stupid . The ending was totally predictable . I think that Martin Lawrence should maybe hangup his fat suit and go back to t.v.
 Running out of comedies to watch , I finally rented this one . I might as well not have . Martin Lawrence is like Eddy Murphy , only without the talent and the good looks . And the rest of the movie is thereafter .
 Martin Lawrence 's take on Eddie Murphy 's Nutty Professor movies -LRB- but without the refined tone and impeccable taste -RRB- , this one has Lawrence as an undercover FBI agent who impersonates a fat old woman -LRB- with diarrhea -RRB- in order to nab a bad guy . Most of the humor is gross , toilet-level stuff , presented with lousy timing , but this essentially one-joke , dress-up movie does pack a few laughs . Lawrence does have some funny moves . Still , it 's not Tootsie or or even Mrs.Doubtfire .
 My Opinion
 Again , Martin Lawrence proves himself a Poor Man 's Eddie Murphy with this Witless Effort . A Lame Script , Bad Direction and Actors who constantly look like they 've just woken up , give this film a very `` Could n't be Bothered '' feeling.Take a Pinch of `` Mrs Doubtfire '' , a Dash of `` Stakeout '' and filter out the Action and Comedy . That 'll give a Pretty Good Estimation of the Entertainment in store for the Unlucky Viewer.The One Saving Grace -LRB- and the reason for 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- is Anthony Anderson , who plays a Wannabe Cop who helps Lawrence out . He makes every piece of Poorly Written Dialogue he has seem like it was written by Neil Simon.Only Die Hard Lawrence fans need apply , anyone not fitting that description should Spend their hard earned money elsewhere .
 The problem with this so called `` comedy '' is that we have seen it all before . I mean it 's a cross between ` Mrs. Doubtfire ' and ` The Nutty Proffesor ' . This is such a dull ` comedy ' that only raises a few titters . The film is all too clich ` e. . . Cop goes undercover . . cop falls for pretty girl ... sentimental messages sent etc. . . YAWN ! Martin Lawrence also tries too hard to be the Eddie Murphy character and he tries so hard but it all falls flat in what I could say was the `` WORST COMEDY OF 2000 '' . The concept has been done before and done much , much better .
 Not only is this movie a waste of time but I would go as far as to say the plastic used to make the DVD case could have been put to better use . I laughed only once . The coffee filter breathing mask was the only real laugh I had during the whole movie . What a total waste of time . Martin Lawrence was just not funny . Maybe I missed something but it appears to me that the whole movie was made based on Martin 's name and comedic potential . He totally missed the mark.I would reccomend that you rent this movie first but I ca n't even do that . This is one of those movies that should be totally ignored . Even if you are a Martin Lawrence fan I think you should wait and get this one from the reduced or clearence bin .
 The summer of 2000 will be remembered for being the summer of movies that did not make us laugh . Sure there were some exceptions , but there also were two films that made us realize that unfunny comedians get paid way too much in this country . The first black eye to comedies was that of nutty professor II . a painfully unfunny film that featured an ego maniac -LRB- eddie murphy -RRB- in 6 different roles , many of them in `` fat suits '' . come on eddie , you need a `` fat suit '' to get laughs . then comes Martin Lawrence . another comedian with a complex , this one not so much with his ego , but the thought that everything he does is funny to everyone . well , truth be told , you are only funny to yourself Martin . does anyone realize that someone does not need to have a funny costume on to get laughs . real comedy is made with situations and clever dialogue . comedy needs to come from those that are truly funny , not those that get paid way to much to annoy us with the same formulaic jokes that we have seen over and over again . I think i speak for many of Americans when i say that Martin and Eddie owe some of us some money for having to watch these painfully unfunny films
 NOT worth what the asking price is , a good message , but the video is just terrilbe ... . seems like they just videoed a night a prayer meeting or something , low low budget . .
 Even though the rental was only 1.99 , it was too much . This dvd is a mix of hatha and kundalini yoga . The instructor gives so much posture corrections that it took away from the spirituality of kundalini yoga . Skip it .
 Kept watching just to see if it ever got better ... it did n't . Worst waste of an hour and a half I 've ever used .
 Please save your time and do not watch this movie ! The director uses the same images over and over again without any specific plot . It is an artistic movie to some degree ... The director is trying too hard and does not succeed in captivating any sort of audience .
 Comes another mess filmed in Romania trying to look like Connecticut . I was hoping for something unique as Jamie King has been a local favorite since she came through here years ago right after filming this movie -LRB- for The Tripper -RRB- . The Weinstein circus held onto this a few years and released this as a bare bones DVD.This strange story centers on three ladies who have been friends since childhood . The opening sequence shows this adult triumvirate seducing three unsuspecting men into their doom , followed by flashbacks of something tragic and similar in nature happening during their adolescence . The oft confused and convoluted story continues with a spattering of psychosis , lunacy and almost more screen time of the young actors over the present day adult actresses.Laundry list
 Well , I picked this film up purely by chance in the hopes that it would be another gem like Shawn of the Dead . I got ta say , I had my hopes set a little too high . There were a few decent gags throughout and the tongue-in-cheek send up to B-horror movies was duly noted . However , this film just did n't hold my attention . I got about 30 minutes into the film and wanted to shut it off as it just dragged . I kept watching in the hopes it would get better . It 's an odd sensation to want to finish watching a movie since you 've `` come this far '' and on the other hand want the last hour and a half of your life back . I 'm sure there are other fans out there who will enjoy this more than I did , but do n't get your hopes up .
 ... this one needed some more work . Some of the siliness seemed a tad bit pointless . While this film does have some funny moments , the attempt at creating black humor failed , as the propostrousness was unnecesarily overdone , the comedy did not compliment anything . The only worthwhile element of this film ended up being some stand alone scenes.Had they tried to make it somewhat plausable , they could have made something both horrific , offensive and funny , as some of the actors were alright and the script was fairly witty.The story follows a dweeby kid who is cast away as a youngen and vows to get revenge on his peers . Years later , he is an escpaed mental patient who ends up being discovered by some dorky teenage horror fanatics . They then try and make their new mental friend into a stud serial killer.Good idea , had some potential , but ultimately failed .
 Monica Keena 's colagen lips were bigger than this movie 's budget . The acting was decent considering its poor script and dialogue - Way to go Monica . No monsters . No darkness . Heaven and Hell consists of nothing more than recycled scenes . Nothing is scarier than realizing how much time you wasted watching it . There 's no deep spiritual realization that everyone else claims . - Overall this film was lame . Rent `` High Tension '' if you 're looking for fright or `` Kolobus '' for lower budget horror . Bothare great !!!
 Left in Darkness -LRB- Steven R. Monroe , 2006 -RRB- Cameraman-turned-director Steven R. Monroe has turned out a number of bad movies over the years , from House of 9 to Ice Twisters , and is currently working on one called Mongolian Death Worms . I kid you not . But every once in a while , there 's a glimmer of something in one of his movies that makes me think there 's a really good director under there just waiting to get out . It surfaced a few times , briefly , in House of 9 , and once again there are glimmers in Left in Darkness . But Monroe , as he does , turns away from them and leads the film back into hackville . But you can still taste the glimmer on the back of your tongue occasionally.Celia -LRB- Freddy vs. Jason 's Monica Keena -RRB- is out to celebrate her twenty-first birthday with her best friend , Rachel -LRB- Zombie Prom 's Tarah Paige -RRB- . They go to a frat party , where Celia is befriended by Doug -LRB- Sasquatch Mountain 's Chris Engen -RRB- . The two of them have the sorts of conversations that seem deep and meaningful in frat houses , until Celia realizes that Doug is n't quite what he seems . In any case , Celia finds herself in purgatory , and purgatory is a very nasty place . She has two old friends to help her out , though -- her grandfather Joe -LRB- B-movie stalwart Tim Thomerson -RRB- and Donovan -LRB- David Anders , recently of the Children of the Corn remake -RRB- , a kind of guardian angel who 's been with her since early in her life -LRB- in the opening scene , we see Donovan saving her from being hit by a car when she 's nine or ten -RRB- . She has to endure a series of trials to ensure she 's worthy of heaven . You know , that sort of thing.It 's an interesting idea , but it never quite seems to work out when put on a screen . And such is the case here ; while Monroe plays with a few interesting quirks in the formula , you can see the big plot twist coming from a mile off , the intended comedy aspects of the film fall flat while opening up all sorts of holes for unintentional comedy , and of course we all know how this is going to turn out , do n't we ? -LRB- Hint
 A sprightly convincing performance from talented Monica Keena -LRB- THE SIMIAN LINE -RRB- is the saving grace of this rather distraught and disconnected thriller . Producer Stephen J. Cannell -LRB- WISE GUY , A-TEAM , IT WAITS , THE GARDEN -RRB- obviously was hoping the film 's mystical undertones would elevate it above the usual genre flicks , but it 's contrived script and lack of a central focus ultimately drags it down.The story focuses on Keena , a young girl celebrating her 21st birthday ; she has felt guilt all her life because her mother died in childbirth . At a wild frat party , she is drugged , raped and killed ; she returns in a sort of middleworld awaiting her ultimate fate to heaven or hell . Her lifelong `` secret friend '' Donovan -LRB- David Anders -RRB- shows up to help guide her and she even runs into her deceased grandfather -LRB- the ubiquitous Tim Thomerson -RRB- and her mother and grandmother as well . Not to mention the `` soul eaters '' who are after her.It 's all convoluted and does n't make a whole lot of sense , with an ending that comes out of nowhere without a satisfying resolution.Not the worst of the recent spate of horror flicks , but not one of the best either .
 I got this thinking it was going to be a sexy jungle epic . Well , sexy , no - the Asian star was not utilized at all except for looking on as things happened - she was definitely attractive but it seemed as though the filmmakers were afraid of her sexuality , so much so that they did n't consider using it to make the film something to remember . As it is , it is a lot of fluff without a bottom line.As for Karzan , the 2nd feature , it may actually be more enjoyable because it 's low-rent enough to provoke a lot of laughter , whether intentional or unintentional . Overall , these two films are nothing worse than the usual jungle dreck that has been previously released over various decades . They just fit right in with the dreck and let the viewer down , instead of keeping him , well , up .
 Currently Airing on TV , Gundam Seed is set in an alternate Universe but is too closely related to the other Gundam Series to be called original . That said , Gundam Seed is set in a timeline called the cosmic era.The plotline is basic and sort of generic . A young Coordinator named Kira lives a sheltered life up in a space colony while a war is going on . But he and his friends are suddenly thrown into the war when an orignation known as ZAFT -LRB- Zeion -RRB- attacks their home to gain five prototype mobile suits -LRB- Taken from the first Gundam series -RRB- . Kira is suddenly thrown in the cokpit of a prototype mobile suit called `` Strike '' -LRB- Gundam 008
 The most recent Gundam series , Mobile Suit Gundam SEED , is also one of the weakest . The storyline through the first half of the series is a straight up copy of the first half of First Gundam . In the second half , the show does n't become much more original , it simply starts drawing from other shows besides the original series.Most of the characters are pretty bland and uninteresting through the first half of the series and only barely begin to develop a third dimension before the end of the series . They might have potential to become more interesting in the upcoming sequel , but almost all of them fall short in this show.The animation , done completely digitally , is a 2D/3D mix . The 2D stuff is decent enough , but 3D animations of battleship maneuvers look totally out of place in the show . The soundtrack contains a few good pieces of background music , but most of it is fairly mediocre , and the best pieces do n't show up until late into the series.Character designs are a major sore spot here . Designer Hisashi Hirai has very little variety among his designs . He mixes and matches one or two different facial designs with three or four different hairstyles to create virtually all of his characters , in some cases creating two completely different people who look nearly exactly the same.Mecha designer Kunio Okawara has been working on Gundam since its 1979 inception , and it really begins to show here -- and not in a good way . Forced to stretch his talents to create a Gundam for virtually every major character , he has produced some of the worst Gundam designs of his career . Most of the non-Gundam designs range from bland to pretty decent , though.The show starts weak , but improves in the second half -- enough to keep with it to the end , but not enough to rescue the series . Overall , it 's one of Gundam 's worst incarnations . That said , being the Gundam fan that I am , I still intend to buy the DVDs , but what I 'm really anticipating is the upcoming release of the classic Zeta Gundam , a show much stronger than this one .
 Great animation , but it has nudity.It does n't say it does but in the begining sequence it does.Only buy if you 're a pervert . The best anime is the anime without the nudity.And yes there are some .
 animation isnt the same , whatever happened to the good old days when people drew the damn series instead of using some crapy digital stuff . the main character is to clueless to pilot a gundam . u want real gundam story , animation , and characters , check out gundam wing , g gundam and 8 ms team . on second thought , any gundam series that is drawn out , not some digital work .
 I have to admit , this show started well ... alright . I was alittle ticked on the unoriginality of reusing old MS designs like the Zaku , Dom , Gouf , etc. . But besides that the show started just as strong as any other anime would have . But , as many others agree , it goes on a steady decline into the `` Its just not worth it zone '' . Do n't get me wrong , I stuck with this to the end , and my expectations were n't very high , but repeated animation to its upmost extreme , a crappy reused script , and poor character development really overshadows all the fighting and cool beams flying in random directions . So to conclude , the animation is appealing -LRB- as limiting to new drawings as it is -RRB- , but the story slowing declines into a 3rd grade fiction english paper . It really could have been better . * And yes , their are scenes copied from Zeta as exact as the angle the characters are looking , its kinda sad , even if this is abviously a new gen. zeta remake *
 Maybe because my vision is a little hazy or I do n't see perfect 20/20 yet really could not tell what I was watching . The title made no sense , I never laughed , could not understand what was going on , and got lost since the title description did not really happen in the film . If you pass on this movie , do n't feel bad since you probably saved yourself 90 minutes you would want back.Peter J. Miller
 What can I say about this movie that the review title does n't already say ? It was not funny save for a few scant moments . Some reviewers that liked the movie said that you have to understand the Irish sense of humor to like it . Well I 'm officially ignorant to their sense of humor because this movie was n't funny at all . Save yourself the time and money . Do n't watch it .
 I wanted this movie so bad based on the small excerpts I saw of it and based on the main character Don Chaedle . This movie was such a disappointment . I was so sorry I had bought it and wished I could send it back . It was a waste of my money . It was confusing and not funny at all as advertised . I do n't think I could watch this movie on television .
 Most movie viewers do n't realize that there are actually paid reviewers out there . Be suspicious when you get very lengthy and detailed reviews . Anyway , on to the movie . Props and settings consist of mostly a pub , a couple of rooms and a few limited scenes of Ireland being limited to a gravel road ; a short section of gravelly beach ; a concrete pier ; intersection in town with a couple of fronts of houses . The movie `` Nothing Personal '' was far superior in showing us the beauty of Ireland.It was so slow and boring , especially the dialogue , that my watching a garden slug creep along while the movie played seemed like the Kentucky Derby in comparison . The movie is 90 % conversations surrounded by drinks , hookers and cussing and really dumb stereotypic humor about American culture and it 's no coincidence that we have a black FBI agent in Ireland to act out the foil portrayal . It reminded me of a TV '70s sitcom . The plot was standard drugs being offloaded by ship at the town pier -LRB- of course -RRB- with our traffickers killing one of their own and a local cop - both of which made no sense and added nothing to the plot structure . Local cop is portrayed as a self serving philistine that sees the light in the final scene by stepping up and killing the bad guys with Sergio Leone style music playing in the back ground.I actually found the precursor short movie to the `` The Guard '' called `` The Second Death '' to be better acted , even with many of the same actors appearing in both movies , and with a more engaging storyline .
 The word `` comedy '' should appear somewhere in the title and description of this film . The film 's description is very misleading , and for those of us who are n't into cop comedies , very disappointing . One of the worst films I have seen in a long time . How the heck did it get a 4 star rating ??? Thank you to AMAZON Customer Service for the refund ! GREAT customer service from AMAZON ; they really have it down .
 This was probably the worst movie I 've ever seen . I ca n't believe I wasted $ 4 on this piece of crap !!
 This movie has no black comedy ... that 's if you consider making fun of blacks comical !!!!!!! Bunch of people talking and no action . Movie lags disturbingly ... the previous reviews must have been from the producers trying to boost this dumb , cheesy , crap of a movie !!!!!!!!!!
 Only the artsy people would give this five stars , or maybe the Irish -LRB- it 's an Irish film . -RRB- If I am too `` American '' to enjoy this , so be it . I do n't mind the well-placed F word for emphasis , but the F word was part of every other statement -LRB- they left them out of the captions . -RRB- Yeah , I know , I have heard that it 's a meaningless word in other parts of the world , but I am here , not there.Guess I do n't like movies about bully , corrupt cops much , and since the main character was unlikeablely so , we stopped watching after fifteen minutes . Maybe it did get better , but if a book or movie has n't grabbed my interest in the first fifteen , forget it !
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever had the bad luck of ordering . In the first minute of the movie the F word was used over and over , and continued as far as I could stomach until I turned it off . I watched it on roku and there was no way to watch a trailer . No wonder why . Amazon was gracious enough to refund my money . I do n't feel this is the fault of Amazon in anyway , they have no way of knowing the content of every movie . I think it is a shame that such junk can get a five star rating .
 cause i can . dont like it . didnt even watch it . cuz it looks dumb . F - bombs dont scare me . people who like this movie scare me .
 This movie had no trailer to watch and I understand why , after renting the movie . This was the dumbest movie I have ever seen . It belongs in the toilet !
 This DVD fails to deliver by a long shot ... it was supposed to include all the deleted scenes , yet the movie was supposed to have a scene where someone is being puched down the throat , this was present in the video but not in the dvd . The picture is ok and you get some bonus material . The menu features tend to get irritating after a while with a repetitive song which keeps ringing in your ears for the rest of the day . The movie deserves 4 stars but the dvd only gets 2 . Stay way clear of this one .
 Troma 's previous film , ` The Toxic Avenger ' , was a cult hit worldwide . Troma has tried but failed to acheive cult statutas again with ` Class of Nuke 'Em High ' , an overlong horror/sci-fi/comedy about teens at a local high school who are contaminated by toxic waste from a nearby nuclear power planet . Some good scenes , but fails to deliver the same graphic violence as ` The Toxic Avenger ' and ` Surf Nazi 's Must Die ' . As in all Troma films , this film is extremely long and dos n't know when to quit .
 Class of Nuk 'EM High is one of Troma 's better movies but that ai n't saying much . The movie is very sloppy and looks like there was n't much time taken into it , but what do you expect from a B movie ? Well there is a lot better B movies out there then this one . It is good for a Troma movie and Troma fans will like it but if you hate Troma movies stay away from this one . I really liked `` The Toxic Avenger '' and I felt this was a let down compared to that film . Troma made two sequels to this and they were even worse.For a Troma this is good , but they have n't yet made a film really good since `` The Toxic Avenger '' .
 The fumes coming from a chemical plant seep into the nearby high school , turning the preppies into delinquents and the goody two shoes into mutants . Almost completely repulsive , this film is good when it 's serious but the mixture of comedy , sexual appeal , and low brow horror is not very entertaining . The makers of this film just do n't understand that a good movie does n't always have to be sick to be sexy , or scary for that matter . Or funny . Too many gross-out factors and not enough emphasis on the actual CLASS .
 Fans of the old time tinglers need n't bother with this one . The two stars are for the dual role played by George Zucco in Dead Men Walk . The other three movies should never have been made . The talent of Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams was totally wasted in `` The Phantom '' . The ghoulish character that everyone is led to believe is the phantom is merely one of his nutty henchmen who seems to terrify his prey -LRB- mainly an overly exciteable maid -RRB- by entering a room shielding his face with a cape and when within striking distance merely wiggles his fingers and leers at his intended victim . The phantom is actually a doctor in an insane asylum that has a hidden passage to his underground laboratory . It seems every creaky old house or castle in the movies from this era had secret passageways . I guess the phantom doctor 's scheme is brain transfers from sane people to insane people . This movie is not scary or funny ! Another hour you 're not going to get back is the equally lame `` Intruder '' about a murder & missing jewels on the ocean liner S.S. Intruder . All the main characters wind-up shipwrecked on a remote island that features a man in a monkey suit and his insane friend who has n't seen a barber in at least 10 yrs . Winds up the detective is the murderer and thief . So boring who cares . Survivors are rescued by a french ocean liner . The comic relief drunk ends the movie shooting a revolver in the air and no one including the crew seems to care . Tangled destinies is about a group of people flying to LA who make a forced landing during a storm . They take refuge in a vacant farm house . Even though the house is abandoned there is soup on the stove waiting for our cast to arrive . The actual owner of the home never shows up during the movie . This is yet another tiresome plot concerning stolen jewels . After a number of accusers try to discover the thief , it winds up the preacher being the culprit . Again who cares ? Dead Man Walk was the only film of any redeeming value due to George `` Spooky '' Zucco 's dual performance of the good & evil brother combination . The evil brother is a vampire who we 're told can only be killed by fire -LRB- a new one on me -RRB- . I thought sun light or a good old fashioned stake in the heart would work . Anyway the good/bad brother combination eventually has a showdown that ends in a fiery conflagration . At least this film had an eerie , noirish atmosphere to it . Dead Men Walk can be obtained separately from the trio of losers mentioned above . BEWARE of this DVD ! Do n't waste your time or your money on this collection . You have been warned !
 Not worth it to rent unless you 're really hard-up . Cheap , quick , and barely entertaining . If they had clothes on this would have gotten one star or less ...
 I think that the mother in this film showed good emotion and could act but the script , theme and story line were extensively lacking . Not Good At All . A true waste of my dollars , I wish I did n't buy it .
 I did n't care for this movie , it was n't the kind of movie I expected it to B I Thought it was a movie . About women being in love w eachother
 How can a movie with all these great UFC fighters stink so bad I 'd rate it one star ? The plot is stupid ... a bad take on a much better movie with Stone Cold Steve Austin `` The Condemned '' and the UFC guys are barely on screen . . I mean blink and they are gone ... what we have left is unknown hack actors with cheesy dialog and UGLY naked women ... blech ... and I bought the blu ray so I had to watch this mess in Hi-def ... let me spare you the same waste of an hour and a half .
 I do n't really care about the quality of the movie itself , I watchedit before and knew it is bad . But I thought I would get at leasta decent blu-ray video or sound quality . It looks and feelslike a dvd . Save your money and just buy the dvd the upscalingof your blu-ray player will do the job !
 There are few filmmakers who run as hot-and-cold as Rob Reiner . When he 's cooking on all burners - as with `` When Harry Met Sally '' and `` The American President '' - he 's been able to create some of the most compleat and satisfying romantic comedies of recent years . Yet , when the muses have eluded him - as with `` North , '' `` The Sum of Us '' and the appalling `` Alex and Emma '' - Reiner has produced some truly classic stinkers , films so misguided and infamously bad as to make us wonder whether this could indeed be the same man responsible for all these different films . `` Alex and Emma '' steals its premise pretty much intact from `` Paris When it Sizzles , '' that notorious 1964 misfire that probably established a career low for both Audrey Hepburn and William Holden , two of the most likable and attractive performers of their time . In `` Alex and Emma , '' Luke Wilson portrays a successful fiction writer in hock to some Cuban gamblers who are threatening to kill him if he does n't pay them from the proceeds from his new - as yet unwritten - novel . After the thugs burn his computer , Alex hires a stenographer , played by Kate Hudson , to help him complete the new tome in time . The two , of course , despise each other at first , but as Alex dictates his novel to her , with Emma providing pointed criticism and helping him shape the final product , true love begins to bloom.As with the recent `` Big Fish , '' the story here runs along parallel tracks , as Wilson and Hudson act out scenes from the work Alex is writing - a cheap dime-store novel set in the scenic 1920 's . The book is so preposterously corny , melodramatic and clich&eacute;d that we can scarce believe anyone would write such a work , let alone publish it , though we are led to believe that all sorts of people who would know better in real life stand in great awe of both the book and Alex 's talents as a writer . The scenes set in the fictional world he 's created , though very pretty to look at , are excruciatingly arch , coy and cloying , poorly acted and even more poorly written . Wilson and Hudson do little but play dress-up in these scenes , set completely adrift by a humorless script and directionless direction . The scenes set in `` real '' time are scarcely more palatable , although the actors are at least able to relax a bit and let more of their likeability shine through . `` Alex and Emma , '' though billed as a romantic comedy , has a true tin ear when it comes to both romance and comedy . Reiner has once again struck out in his own ballpark .
 I was excited to see this film `` Alex and Emma '' . I am a sap for corny love stories that are 99 % predictable and most of the time the acting is n't Oscar calliber but you still get that warm fuzzy feeling and along the way a couple of laughs . Straight from the beginning of this movie I felt that the idea that Alex needing $ 100,000 for some Cuban loan sharks was a little outrageous . For about an hour I could n't really get into this movie . It was going between Alex and Emma then characters in the novel . I know that was the idea of the movie but honestly I found it a little annoying after the third time . Also , Emma , who was hired to type criticizes Alex 's style of writting . In the real world , Alex would not have allowed this and would have not put up with it . Of course they end up doing a little somethin somethin went on and when you think they wo n't be together oh wait they do.I was excited for the pairing of Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson . Of course there was that little bit of mystery if Alex and Emma will get together or not but quite frankly this movie was boring . One good aspect was the Boston setting although some people may not even know that it was Boston unless they paid close attention to the film which is rather difficult considering how hard it is to watch the whole thing . All of Hudson 's films previous to this one I love and could watch over and over but this one is a one time vieweing only .
 Painfully unfunny , uncharming , and unentertaining movie . The main plot is ludicrous , the subplot starts off badly and it 's downhill from there , and I shudder to think what the second hour held in store for us if I had not switched over to regular TV , which was like an oasis in the Sahara .
 I wanted to like this movie ; honestly I did . I ignored the horrible film critic reviews and the lack of hype , sure that somewhere in the premise of this movie there would be a glimmer of interest , spark , or maybe even just a little bit of good acting . So ... I took a risk and rented this movie.Bad idea . Bad , bad idea . I do n't know which I want back more
 I can see it all now
 Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson -- both of whom star , independent of one another , in two movies I love , Almost Famous and The Royal Tenenbaums -- were painful to watch as they tried to breathe life into a truly terrible script.What was Rob Reiner thinking ? The director of such splendid fare as A Few Good Men , The American President , When Harry Met Sally , The Princess Bride , and This is Spinal Tap appears to have lost his touch -- he has n't made a good film since 1995 . But I blame Jeremy Leven , best known for the dud The Legend of Bagger Vance , for writing this movie in the first place . Who could have possibly thought that a movie about writing a book under threat of death due to gambling debts -- and falling in love with your mouthy stenographer -- would make for an entertaining movie ? -LRB- OK , so maybe the premise does n't sound that bad . The execution is . -RRB- Lines are delivered without any conviction . The mildly humorous convention of changing the appearance of the book 's characters to reflect how Wilson is rewriting it works once , maybe twice , but begins to grate by the third try . The denouement is silly -- in a very unfunny way -- and the ending is both hokey and overblown through one of the most cringe-inducing closing scenes in recent memory.Please , follow the advice in the headline and avoid this film like the plague .
 the worst movie I have ever seen . There was nothing good about it - bad plot , bad acting ... buy something else if you ask me .
 `` Alex & Emma '' , the latest failure in the oeuvere of director Rob Reiner 's career , is so lacking in any light , charming characters , situations , dialogue , or romance that the movie feels tedious and 2 hours long , even though it is only 96 minutes . I disliked this film so much that I feel compelled to warn people to not see it and waste an hour and a half of their lives they will never get back . The best romantic comedies -LRB- Notting Hill , WHMS , SIS , Moonstruck , Amelie , etc. -RRB- all have characters we love and care about , clever & honest dialogue and also are truthful about relationships and are really funny . Jeremy Leven 's script has got to be one of the most shallow , by-the-numbers romantic comedies ever written . Just sloppy , unfunny writing . Reiner 's direction wants to be about the pains of writing and the muse-creator love , but it all is shallow , Hollywood studio back-lot garbage . Kate Hudson , who is truly a good actress , either needs a new agent or be more picky when it comes to picking projects -LRB- `` How to Lose a Guy ... '' , another bad movie , at least had SOME laughs -RRB- . Reiner has n't made a good picture since `` The American President '' in 1995 . Can you imagine this is thet same guy who made `` Stand by Me '' , `` The Princess Bride '' , `` A Few Good Men '' , etc. . Reiner actually was a good director once . In fact , this movie is so derivitive & unoriginal that one scene even steals an idea directly from `` Whem Harry Met Sally '' ! In conclusion , AVOID THIS FILM LIKE THE PLAGUE . There actually is a funny , charming , realistic romantic comedy out there right now you may have heard of called `` Bend it like Beckham '' that actually is funny & well-made . Along with `` From Justin to Kelly '' , this is -LRB- so far -RRB- the worst film of 2003 .
 This movie has got to be the worst movie of 2003 -- the acting is terrible - the movie is slow and boring -- I only saw it because it was the movie being shown during my air flight to Hawaii and the 2 yr old kid in the seat behind me was crying loud and screaming during the 5 hr flight and I needed the ear phones to drown it out -- My question is
 I really expected a better movie than this , considering the star power involved . But this one had so many problems .1 -RRB- Mob extortion kick-start plot just seemed lazy and sloppy and out-of-place . It 's hard to laugh when the guy seems to be one step away from getting cacked .2 -RRB- No chemistry at all between Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson , actors that I otherwise enjoy very much .3 -RRB- Sub-par plotline . One of its `` strengths '' is having Kate Hudson dress up and affect different accents -LRB- not well , which I guess is the point -RRB- about every five minutes .4 -RRB- Seems outdated . Who really gets someone to type up their manuscripts anymore ? When the mob smashed up Alex 's laptop , why did n't he go to a free one at the library ? A cheap one at an Internet cafe ? 5 -RRB- If this an example of Alex 's bestselling plot/writing skill , I ca n't quite understand why the publishing house is not more eager to dump him than harass him into pounding out a new book .6 -RRB- Ms. Hudson 's hard-to-get little miss gets old fast , as does Mr. Wilson 's bumbling author.Just ... not good . Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson both have real comic talent , so they need to find a project worthy of it .
 ALEX & EMMA -LRB- Warner -RRB- Kate Hudson 's back -LRB- see ; How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days -RRB- this time with Luke Wilson in what is billed as a romantic comedy . Sadly , it is neither . Life 's short enough . Do n't waste it on bad movies . Send your ticket stub to Rob Reiner and ask for your money back . On second thought , maybe it should be a class action thing .
 Okay , am I the only one out there who thinks that `` Alex & Emma '' is just a thinly-veiled attempt of a remake of `` Paris When It Sizzles '' starring Audrey Hepburn and Bill Holden ???? If so , then everyone out there needs to see `` Paris ... '' immediately . Where `` Alex & Emma '' falls short , `` Paris '' truly does Sizzle . But , hey , when it comes down to it , I seriously doubt if Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson will ever command the screen as Audrey and Bill did . Yes , `` Alex & Emma '' is kind of cute , kind of corny , but so trite ! If you ca n't improve on the original , then please , do n't even try . As another reviewer stated , the film loses the viewer about halfway through - it just gets old ! But , if you are a diehard Luke or Kate fan , like an incredibly simple plot , and some expected humor , then please view `` Alex & Emma . '' I gave the film two stars simply because the viewer does n't have to think too hard about where this film is headed , and on a Friday evening after work , who wants to think !
 Ok so they try something different and it did n't work . The idea was ok , but could of been better , two star 's for having Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson playing two different characters in this weak plot.Enjoy !!
 It was slow , but for some reason I really liked the movie . I thought the plot was a bit bland , but creative at that . I thought the storyu was cute , and always predictable , but you must expect that in watching love stories . The charisma was tight , and I liked it . I enjoy writing , and it is true that you write based on what others mean to you . Ahh ... writer movies .
 I usually enjoy romantic comedies but this one was pretty bad . I mean , a writer threatened by cuban loan sharks ? So he hires a stenographer ? Oh and they break his laptop so he can ?!?! not finish his script and be able to pay him back ? Or I know , a bad twist in a bad story to get him and Emma together.Save your time and go buy -LRB- or rent -RRB- something else . -LRB- It 's not even worth a rental -RRB-
 I absolutely love Kate Hudson and always enjoy seeing Luke Wilson , so I really could n't imagine that this would n't be at least a decent film , but somehow or other the filmmakers managed to create a bit of a lemon . The film even had the extraordinarily beautiful Sophie Marceau . Nonetheless , I was bored to tears by the halfway point , and I found that in the end I did n't even much care whether the protagonists got together or not.There are a huge number of really big problems with this film . For one , take the premise . A writer needs to produce a manuscript of his next novel in order to receive a $ 125,000 advance . I have worked in publishing , and have a friend who writes far more successful than the fictional novelist in this film , and the idea of a writer with only one novel behind him receiving a $ 125,000 advance is simply preposterous . So , the movie lost me from the get-go . Much of the film is told via a gimmick , a gimmick that unfortunately does n't work . Luke Wilson plays a novelist who hires stenographer Kate Hudson to help him produce a novel in less than a month so that some criminals to whom he owes a great deal of money wo n't do exceedingly nasty things to him . As he dictates , the film narrative becomes that of the book , and in these scenes the hero 's -LRB- played by Luke Wilson -RRB- love interest is played by Sophie Marceau and a secondary female character is played by Kate Hudson . Of course , during the course of the movie/novel , Hudson gradually supplants Marceau in Wilson 's affections . Predictably , towards the end of the film , the novelist 's old flame shows up , who is also played by Marceau . He is forced to choose between his old girlfriend and his new love interest . This shifting back and forth is not handled well , and part of the problem is that the story within the story is abominably uninteresting . The scenes between the novelist and the stenographer are far better , but there is no tension in their relationship except what is lent to it from the novel 's story . Ironically , the stronger part is logically propped up by the weaker part.Another problem with the movie is that Hudson simply is n't used very well . Her part is horribly written , with her at several points in the novelistic half of the film playing various kinds of foreign servants , whether Russian or Spanish . Kate Hudson 's greatest strength is her face , which is a magnificent vehicle for expressing emotion and joy . But disguised as a German servant , she adopts a wig and heavy make up and is barely recognizable as Kate Hudson.There are a few nice moments in the film , but as a whole , the talents of the three primary performers were simply not used effectively . I have enjoyed several films by director Rob Reiner in the past , including THIS IS SPINAL TAP , THE SURE THING , THE PRINCESS BRIDE , WHEN HARRY MET SALLY , MISERY , A FEW GOOD MEN , THE AMERICAN PRESIDENT , and THE GHOSTS OF MISSISSIPPI , but unfortunately I seem as a whole to like his films a bit less with each new project . Hopefully in his next project he can get back to the comedy that he was so good at earlier in his career .
 Dear God ! This movie was the absolute worst film I have ever seen . I love romantic comedies but this was neither romantic nor funny . Both characters were boring and the action was so slow , I thought my DVD player froze ! The plot of the story remains unfufilled ... What happened with the Cuban men who demanded the money ? We never see them again ! Instead the plot shifts over to something completely different . This movie is not worth your time , or money . If you are n't sleeping well , then by all means watch it , you will fall into a deep sleep within the first fifteen minutes .
 it 's not witty or interesting , such a disappointment - waste of time and money ! I do like Kate Hudson , but this movie lacks life .
 There used to be a time when director Rob Reiner had the golden touch when it came to romantic comedies -LRB- `` RomComs '' -RRB- . `` When Harry Met Sally ... '' is , by all definitions , a classic . `` The American President '' while somewhat formulaic adds a political edge thanks to writer Aaron Sorokin that makes it rise above the others . `` Alex & Emma '' , however , does n't even get to first base and is a lifeless imitator following in the shadows of these two other films.Alex , played by Luke Owen , is an author suffering from writer 's block . If he does n't break through it and finish his novel in a month and get some badly needed money some unsavory Cuban mobsters intend to feed him to the fishes . Enter Emma , played by Kate Hudson , as the stenographer he hires to help him get through the book . She is the `` shoot-from-the-lip '' kind of gal who does n't have a problem questioning some of Alex 's story logic as he blindly feels his way through his novel . As the novel progresses , there is a sort of `` movie within a movie '' as Alex , Emma , and -LRB- unbeknownst to Emma at the time -RRB- his ex-girlfriend , Polina -LRB- portrayed by Sophie Marceau -RRB- play out his story that 's set in the early years of the 20th century . `` Alex & Emma '' proceeds predictably
 `` Alex & Emma '' is actually a remake of the 1997 UK-Hungarian film ` The Gambler ' starring Michael Gambon and Johdi May . And the original is about the Russian writer Dostoevskey , and what happened to him while writing the novella of that title . You should keep this in mind , because `` A & E '' suffers from the wrong-headed judgment of modernizing the setting of the original which was deep in the 19th century.The story of this romantic comedy is , simply put , `` When Alex meets Emma -LRB- or vice virsa -RRB- '' directed by Rob Reiner , who knows a few things about this genre . Alex -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- is a writer stumbled on the writer 's block , and in debt . He must make money in 30 days , and to do so , he hires a stenographer Emma -LRB- Kate Hudson -RRB- , and attempts to finish writing a novel.The novel develops , thanks to the unexpected inspiration from Emma . It is about Adam , a tutor living in the 1920s , who falls in love with a French lady Polina -LRB- Sophie Marceau -RRB- . From then on , we see two stories one after the other , both influencing each other.NOW , the good thing about `` A & E '' is that Kate Hudson -LRB- who plays five roles in this film -RRB- is delightful to see . Luke Wilson is also good and likable , and they make a couple of man and woman who must fall in love with each other . And we know it , and welcome it.BUT the problem is , as I said before , the setting . In the original `` Gambler '' , Dostoevskey had to submit his rights for publishing his novels to the greedy publisher , not his life as depicted here . No one believes in the central story of `` Alex & Emma '' when it talks about the 30 days limit and being killed . Think about it . Some mobsters are after you , and they want the money back . However , they burn -LRB- yes , literally burn -RRB- your lap-top PC , which only prevents your scheme of returning money.That 's a too obvious and tactless device on the filmmaker 's side to have Alex hire Emma . And in the original , the stenographer has no other place to go except the writer -LRB- it was the 19th century , and women 's jobs were quite limited -RRB- . In `` Alex and Emma , '' though Emma needs money -LRB- she comes by bus , see ? -RRB- , and she knows Alex is broke because of gambling , she still decides to work for him as long as 30 days without being even paid in advance ! And to make matters worse , what Alex writes is not funny at all , but still we are to believe this `` story within story '' is to be a hit to pay back all the debt . Sorry , but I ca n't believe it . `` Alex & Emma '' is engaging only when it forgets its plot , which is a poor excuse for bringing the leads together . And Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson do their jobs quite nicely . Pity that the characters are empty , and the story unbelievable . `` When Harry met Sally ... '' are about real people . The same can not be said about `` Alex & Emma . ''
 Most of the film is Alex dictating in a monotonous voice a horribly boring plot to a horribly plain Emma . The apartment is hideous , Emma 's hair is mousy brown , and her clothes are terrible . Alex and Emma is about as tasty as a ricecake !
 This movie was agonizing to watch . The seconds just dragged by . I have loved Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson in other movies ! This movie was just a very bad choice for them.The writing and acting was abominable . The plot line was dull and boring .
 `` Alex and Emma '' proves once again that without a good script , a movie has no chance of succeeding . Kate Hudson and Luke Wilson have been effective in the past but here they have a timid , pale wan na be romantic comedy script that even the best and more expereienced screen comedian actors would be hard pressed to turn into something palatable.Kate Hudson has a couple of good scenes and Wilson continues his performance streak of loop-da-loop , likable characters . But this does not add up to a movie , sorry to say . And Rob Reiner
 This was a choppy story with no romance . It seemed to employ about every formula joke and situation for such a romantic comedy , some of which were cute at best . But none of it came together to make it special . The weak plodding story and the weak characters made this movie a bore . The trailer shows the best parts.I asked my 16 year old daughter if she would recommend it to her friends , and her response was , `` Only if they did n't have anything else to do ... ''
 note to rob riener the best plots do n't work . if you 've seen the previews you 've seen all the great scenes and all you get is a slow as mollasses movie with bad plotting and it 's predictable . i admit i fell asleep through it twice . the ending was the only good scene . i want my money back .
 I was so excited about seeing this movie , I 'm a fan of both Wilson & Hudson . But after only 10 minutes , I was extremely disappointed . In fact , after 30 minutes , I walked out . I usually do n't listen to what critics have to say about movies because most of the time I like what they do n't . But I would have to agree with them on this one , do n't waste your time .
 albeit with an attitude . She 's stuck in a way too predictible formula comedy . All that is left is the particulars . A novelist , Alex is under fire , literally to produce a novel quickly to get the money to pay off loan sharks who want to kill him . He hires steno , Emma & she moves almost literally into his life as he begins to crank out a novel ; with her critical comments along the way . It is soon obvious that the novel is paralleling their going relationship . Yes , of course , they are falling in love.The movie flashes between the present day & the 1920 's Gatsby-like setting of the novel . The problem is they are all too aware that this is happening . That they know that this is causes the movie to lose much of the charm it could have had if the two stories proceeded with Emma & Alex blithely ignorant of what was happening . Art imitates life . Or is it life imitates art ? I could squeeze 21/2 stars .
 Riddle me this
 BORING . I was convinced to watch a sweet romantic comedy with my wife , but even she was disappointed by this slow-moving wreckage of a movie . The basic plot facts are that an author named Alex -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- has 30 days to write a novel or his loan sharks will kill him . The said loan sharks have also added some difficulty to his task by burning his computer -LRB- insert your `` frying the hard drive '' joke here -RRB- over the stove burner.So ... in comes cute and perky Emma -LRB- Kate Hudson -RRB- as a stenographer to take notes for Luke since he apparently does n't know how to write with a pencil . The story ends up reflecting Alex 's real life , as he falls for Emma but still has feelings for a more glamorous woman.In short , the story moves so slowly I wanted to stick a cattle prod into the TV , and there were so many formulaic and predictable twists , my eyes are still rolled into the back of my head.Unless you are a big fan of either of the main characters , I advise you to keep your distance from this movie .
 Alex and Emma is not a film to be conceptualized by a rather savvy , hook-ie , Hollywood director . An ego is this type of film 's worst nemesis.As a writer , I expected to at least latch onto the portrayal of the creative process in this story . I am also quite an admirer of both Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson . Neither have really had a bad performance in a film I 've seen thus far.By minute 6 -LRB- I know because I looked at my DVD counter -RRB- I was waiting for the next 90 to pass . It was clear this would be Rob Reiner of the worst ilk
 Ever heard the expression , `` Every thief wants to get caught '' ? Well , seems like every set designer/costumer wants to let us know what time it REALLY is . While this rags-to-riches story is set in Depression-era hollywood , its visual aesthetic lives in the future . Imagine Shirley Temple in go-go boots , mod nickers , and a leather Oliver Twist cap , and you 've got a good idea of what to expect . Bouncing off the lip-glossed-over plot are startling performances by Robert Redford -LRB- for once he 's a bad boy -RRB- and Ruth Gordon -LRB- she 's not so cuddly here , either -RRB- . A mature Natalie Wood not only goes from rags to riches , she goes from pre-teenhood to washed-up adulthood in one frenetic , teary-eyed swoop . Particularly striking is this dark musical 's number , `` The Circus is a Wacky World . '' Clowns and nickers galore !
 I HATE this film ! Usually I love Natalie Wood movies , but I absolutely hate this one . Bad corny plot , unusually bad acting by usually great actors , and the music and dialog did not fit a film that is supposed to be taking place in the 1930 's . I saw this years ago and disliked it then . It was on tv a few days ago and thought I 'd give it another chance , but I could n't even get through the whole thing before turning it off . I ca n't believe so many reviewers liked this film !
 Am unable to review this VHS ... it has a double imageMaybe I need 3-D glasses .
 This film , about the struggle of a young star movie to mantain her personality against Hollywood cruelty , will probably gives you a headache -LRB- and not a `` HEARTACHE ! , as it says one character -RRB- , as it fastly turns on a bombastic , hopelessly phony melodrama.The problem around `` Inside Daisy Clover '' is its superficiality , that makes its characters a little more than mere caricatures . It has good moments , really fascinating ideas , but the general tone is fastidiously icy.Natalie Wood , performing a young talent -LRB- such a mix among Judy Garland and herself -RRB- , gives an often exaggerated performance . However , she 's always a lovely presence .
 WAIT ... I love this movie . . A great glimps into old Hollywood and Natalie Wood was never more adorable . HOWEVER , this is a terribly copied bootleg . I know , I bought it . There is a new release out , wide screen version , Netflix is renting it . I 'm looking for ` that ' copy ... forget this one .
 Although I am a true admirer of Natalie Wood , I do believe that this movie diminishes her amazing talent . She was in her mid-to-late twenties when she decided to play the unfortunate , child-star , typecast role . As an adult actress , she should have declined the role of a young teenager in this movie . It was poorly written and not interesting -- to say the least . Love Natalie Wood , but dislike the movie .
 Just watched this on TCM and was surprised what a shrill , grating film it was from beginning to end , it 's only two production numbers both flat and interminable , and worst of all -- devoid of sympathetic characters . This includes the titular one played by Natalie Wood , who normally excelled at playing women on the verge of a nervous breakdown , and whose performances I usually admire and enjoy.Not so `` Daisy Clover , '' although the real culprit for this dud is not the actors -- all of whom deliver strong performances -LRB- Christopher Plummer and Ruth Gordon especially -RRB- -- but the material . Never mind that the film , set in 1930 's Hollywood , is anachronistic on every possible level -LRB- no one for a second recalls anything about the 1930 's in hair , makeup , costume or manner -- and neither are the production numbers the kind of music that would have existed in a 1930 's musical -RRB- . Yet many enjoyable films are guilty of that flaw . And never mind that we are supposed to buy Wood as a 15 year old street urchin at the beginning -LRB- in a hideous `` mop top '' wig she disappointingly -- and implausibly -- wears throughout the film -RRB- . No , `` Daisy '' is ultimately done in by its own downbeat script and story , supposedly depicting the underbelly of the Hollywood Star System but too nihilistic in spirit and tone for us to give a damn about what happens to any of the miserable people on the screen . We kind of just wish they would all go away and leave us alone.Many scenes feature people screaming interminably , and the music seems to scream too . Women here are depicted as hysterics , and men as the sly foxes who manipulate them . The problem is , it 's the audience who feels swindled when they 've been asked to invest two hours in a movie with no good guys . A film in which there is nobody you can -LRB- or want to -RRB- identify with is a punishing experience . Daisy herself lacks the requisite tenacious wit and humor that might have made her brittle character likable . Redford as the bisexual husband seems in over his head and plays it smug and smirky . The way his character is written -- evasive , self-satisfied , heartless -- we are at a loss to understand why she marries him in the first place , or cares when he leaves her.Christopher Plummer -- magnetic and brilliant as the studio mogul , seems cold at first , then possibly lovable when he and Daisy find themselves both ousted by their respective mates , and finally monstrous in the end . Daisy suffers a breakdown and sits catatonically in bed for days until Plummer comes and slaps , bullies and threatens her . Cut to a suddenly-cured Wood on the beach , happy again , and skipping away from it all . Everything 's okay again!Um ... what ?
 I just watched `` Inside Daisy Clover '' on AMC . Because it 's `` Oscar month '' and because I 'd never seen the film before , I thought it would be a worthwhile experience . It was not . Unfortunately , there was also no Robert Osborne commentary , so I have no idea what anyone ever saw in this movie.The movie had all the earmarks of an interesting production
 Recently re-released by Warner Brothers on DVD , Inside Daisy Clover is a well-produced but peculiar tale of stardom , with a most unsatisfying ending . In the wake of the Michael Jackson overdose and other celebrity misadventures it makes more sense , but I still find in Daisy Clover a strange disconnect between reality and fantasy which is rooted in the bizarre script and which no amount of superb casting or carefully handled direction can overcome.A miscreant , disobedient `` flower-child '' of the 30 's , Clover is adopted by a Hollywood movie mogul , played wonderfully by Christopher Plummer in his usual smug and self-confident mold , but the movie somehow lobotomizes Miss Clover 's transformation into a star . That most important part of her metamorphosis is neatly left out of the story ! She is pulled off the street , and the next thing we know , she appears at her movie premiere in a full length gown , yet not quite sure why she is there.All her training and preparation , singing lessons , acting ability , her dance moves , seem to have nothing to do with her as a person , as if the studio somehow is capable of injecting stardom into a person like some kind of plastic surgery.Daisy Clover 's dissatisfaction with her stardom and success in the movie industry just does n't make sense . She does n't live a real life . She does n't seem to know what money is or to have any desires or aspirations in life.I do n't buy it . She is a center of attention and adoration , with thousands of fans , yet she seems to have no social life . The studio is a strange , barren , and lifeless place , and Plummer conveys stardom upon her in a most contrived manner.To be sure , there are some good performances and superb movie craft here and some excellent scenes , as Plummer , Roddy McDowall , Redford , Wood , and an excellent supporting cast bring this strange story to life.I think this movie is worth seeing , but at the end the story seems to come to a dead stop and the conclusion is most unsatisfying .
 I recently viewed Inside Daisy Clover -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , which I 've heard about for years , but have never seen until now.I have a great interest in behind-the-scenes stories of classic Hollywood -LRB- such as A Star is Born , for example -RRB- , so it 's a given that I 'd be interested in this picture . And I did find it diverting , though at the same time I have to say that I do n't think it 's very good.Man , where to start . Natalie Wood is quite lovely , as always , but at age 27 there 's NO WAY she passes believably as a 15-year-old . Add to this the problem that she 's supposed to be a singer , and Natalie ca n't sing ... I read that portions of Natalie 's vocals were mixed with another voice -LRB- I do n't know who dubbed her -RRB- , but the end result is not good at all . I mean , you 'd think if they were going to dub her they 'd find someone who could actually sing!Despite being set in the 1930 's , the film is a complete anachronism from beginning to end -- there is not the least sense of the 30 's in the clothing , music , hairstyles , make-up -- it 's all pure 1965 in every single way . It 's kind of fun to see Natalie in a black-and-white production number , but the song itself sounds NOTHING like what was popular in the 30 's . There are only two songs in the film , but the background score itself -LRB- by Andr&eacute; Previn -RRB- I found to be unpleasant and jarring , constantly taking me out of the mood of the picture.Despite the film 's title -LRB- and man , my mind must be in the gutter because every time I hear it I think it sounds like a porn film -RRB- , we really never do get to know much about Daisy , what makes her tick , how her mind works.Wow , I just trashed this film , did n't I -- I do think it 's a dud . Still , for those who enjoy older films -- or if you 're interested in the stars themselves -LRB- Robert Redford , Christopher Plummer , Natalie Wood -RRB- -- I 'd say go ahead , give it a try . The more general film-goer would be well advised to skip it .
 When I found out that all 26 episodes of the classic Jonny Quest were released on DVD I was stunned . I felt that finally the HB execs are getting it together and recognizing the good stuff . After watching the first two episodes I realized I had been DUPED ! Editing dialogue to be PC , using the same ending credits for all episodes and no credit for Doug Wildey . A -LRB- ... -RRB- release of the best classic prime-time animation of the 1960 's . After I finish watching all the episodes , I 'm donating the DVD 's to my local public library . I know better now to read the reviews before buying . I think Warner Brothers and Hana-Barbera owe all of us an explanation for this hack-job . WHY DID THEY HAVE TO DICK WITH IT?When I pay for DVD 's , I expect the real deal without edits and deception . I can only hope that they fix it with another release with everything intact except the insert commercials . And you can bet they know that we will buy it again . Greedy , corporate pigs ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Before I start singing any praises to Warner or Hanna Barbera , I 've got two major complaints :1 -RRB- Why is Doug Wildey 's name conspicuously missing from the end credits ? On the broadcast versions he was credited with the original Jonny Quest concept and there was no mistaking -LRB- or missing for that matter -RRB- his distinctive signature on the end credits . Seems to me that the real driving force behind the look and feel of Jonny Quest deserves better treatment than to be dropped from the show he helped to create .2 -RRB- If you are remastering the episodes anyway , is it that much trouble to include the real end credits that accompanied each episode ? If you pay close attention to the end credits on the DVD set , you 'll see that it 's the same one being used over and over again . The end credits on the broadcast versions were different in regards to voice acting and writing/storyline credits.Pretty shabby folks . I can only wonder what kind of flack would have resulted if somehow Warner or Hanna Barbera were n't credited on this set . But I guess so long as they get their recognition , it does n't matter if the people who deserve the real credit get overlooked .
 The shows themselves rate five stars , of course . The two star rating is for the presentation , merited by the following :1 . Dialogue edits from `` Pursuit of the Po-Ho `` 2 . Dialogue edits from `` Monster In The Monastery `` 3 . Atrocious , hack artwork on the box4 . Cutting of JQ title cards from the introduction sequences5 . Use of only one end credit sequence -LRB- the only one without creator Doug Wildey 's name on it -RRB- for all 26 episodes6 . Amping up the colors to an eye-straining saturation level7 . Ridiculous modern extras ; as a previous reviewer stated , they should 've included pre-production artwork and/or Hoyt Curtin 's musical cuesNever , never , never , NEVER trust a bunch of hamfisted , bottom-line watching suits to preserve something like this in the definitive , most complete way it should be . The Peter Principle is alive and well in every company big & small , and this set was spit out by one of the biggest . Keep those VHS copies handy ...
 This item was listed as `` new '' but upon receiving it , it is obvious it is not . I can see that inside the wrapping the corners are worn , the plastic casing is cracked in several places and places on the cover have color where color should n't be that has come off of something else -LRB- like splotches of silver over words on the back -RRB- , which obviously could n't happen if wrapped in the original wrapping . Very disappointed but it 's a gift and do n't have time to order a replacement .
 The video service from Amazon is terrible ! Do n't buy ! JQ does not play on Amazon 's video player -LRB- picture is distorted -RRB- and the video / audio is out of sync if you try to play it on other video players . Amazon needs to pull its video download service until they can get the kinks worked out . And by the way , you wo n't be able to get your money back .
 I was going to buy this . BUT , after reading the reviews here , and other forums , decided not to . AMAZON , please tell the producers that we want the ORIGINAL , UNCUT , UNEDITED version of Johnny Quest . Not this version , that for some reason , they felt they had to edit . It is a cartoon , just a cartoon , and they have to EDIT it ? With all the explosions , and violence in todays cartoons . Really ? When Johnny Quest is released in its ORIGINAL , PURE , UNCUT form , I will buy it.Sincerely , Quinn G. Blaylock
 I could n't believe it when I saw this boxed set for the nice price , holy cow ! I really love this show , the artwork , etc. , and I would love to own it , BUT for it to be edited and tampered with , missing title cards , missing credits , that just plain sucks . What 's up with DVD makers not giving the fans what they want ? It 's like they need surveys for the obvious ... Maybe every DVD maker oughta ' put up a webpage explaining to the fans what they 're doing every time they make a DVD , just to check to make sure they 're getting it right ... Jeez , how hard is it?All I can say is thank God for the quality reviewers . I 'm passing on this 'til the DVD makers get it right .
 Disappointed to find that the Complete series on DVD has been `` edited for content '' . Politically incorrect dialog has been removed or `` silenced '' . I find it particularly offensive that one can watch an unedited episode on TV , but after spending $ 60.00 for a DVD to watch in the privacy of your own home , Turner/WB decide to remove 40 year old dialog from classic animation . Save your money and look for `` other '' collections of the same series .
 I grew up watching Jonny Quest and it was a favorite . Why were there so many good intelligent shows back then ? Lost in Space , Star Trek , Ultraman , Speed Racer . This was before political correctness -LRB- feminization -RRB- , dumbing down to lowest common denominator , anti-science and ant-male shrek hijacked popular culture . When violence had consequences and was n't all fun-n-games . So now they release this watered-down PC version ... BAH !
 Can someone please explain to me the difference between modern `` political correctness '' and the disappearance of Trotsky from old Soviet photographs?I loved this show as a child . I wanted to buy it for my son .
 Buyer beware . The episodes are all here but NOTHING has been done to clean them up . They look to be transferred directly from flim stock that has been played a thousand times complete with major scratches , dirt and hair bits showing throughout the programs . With such good packaging you would expect an excellent product . This is n't it . Shame on Hanna-Barbera for putting out such a shoddy product .
 I 've been waiting and hoping for a long time for Quest to come available on DVD . It 's unfortunate that I will not be buying it ! If you want my money you have to supply the real deal ! UP YOURS!Jonny Quest - The Complete First Season
 after reading that the originals were edited for political correctness , i decided that it 's not worth it.maybe when they let a classic remain a classic ...
 This review pertains to the pricing of this particular item , as I have not yet purchased a copy . My complaint is that the price keeps fluctuating . Initially it was a good thing , dropping from the overpriced online fee of almost $ 50 , to $ 40 and finally , to a reasonable price of $ 29.99 , the price that was listed earlier in the day , 14 Sep. . However , I signed on early morning 15 Sep , within twelve hours or so of the previous price quote , intending to purchase the set , and the online price is back up to around $ 50 !!! What the heck ?!?! I 'm all for companies earning a profit , but this latest attempt to squeeze out an extra buck is ridiculous .
 I was excited to watch this movie . Thought is would involve a little more country astmoshpere but it did n't . The dad is a sheep farmer and a big bad football/soccor coach ?? That one confused me . Tommy the main character lacked development , he is weak . If the movie wanted to be about music ... then why did the first 40 min lack ear stimulating music ??? The female lead role actress is VERY unappealing . She does n't match her facial expressions to her words . She is dull and does n't do the `` pretty girl , but I am a rebel '' character well . She is a one way actress ... a pretty face and that is it . I really really wanted this movie to be about good music , country life , and a pull that kept you hooked the WHOLE time . I paused the movie TWICE to check my facebook . Right there tells me I was n't interested . I became excited when they had to do their community service in the jail ... but I was once again let dowm . It moved soooo slow and it was soooo boring . The only thing Aussie about the movie was the accents . Do n't rent , it is n't worth the time or money . Sorry I did not enjoy the movie , I really wanted too .
 I think this movie cost a little more than I 've payed for better written movies.This might be a made for TV movie but I 've even seen better one on TV . I will probably sell it on ebay .
 This movie had a contest for bands to submit original songs and the winner was supposed to be on the sound track . They never announced a winner though . I 'd never buy it just for that .
 They held a contest for up and coming musicians for a spot on the sound track of this movie and reniged . Never announced a winner ~ It 's a shame that they can produce a movie about music and advertise a contest and then sweep it under the rug . My friends and family are boycotting based on their deceit alone!i have proof that the contest stated the winner of the big break contest will be on the dvd -LSB- ... -RSB- This needs to be fixed asap . the girl in the video says the winner WILL be on the dvd !! just watch the video and listen !! Alexa Vega - Big Break Music Contest -LSB- ... -RSB- Big Break is in association with Broken Hill , an upcoming film . It is a free contest where you can enter to win cash prizes and have your music placed on the ...
 The sound did not work I had to return it . I do not understand why you send a defected item to a customer
 All these movies are good classics , but the problem is that Universal Studios ' dvd transfer is horrible . two of the movies in this boxset dont even work and freeze when ever you play them . and its not just with this item , but also with some other legacy boxsets -LRB- including the one from hammer that are owned by universaL STUDIOS . either universal doesnt know how to transfer old movies onto dvds , or im just seeing things .
 I love the KOMMISSAR X movies and was eagerly awaiting the DVD . Unfortunately , this was pressed from the perhaps the worst master Sinister Cinema could find . The film is scratched , dirty , out-of-focus , and apparently was edited with a pair of scissors by someone with palsy , then reassembled with Elmers glue . Do not buy this DVD . You will be throwing your money away . Somewhere out there is a decent print of DEATH TRIP . This is definitely not it . Sinister Cinema should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this print .
 Pop quiz
 It 's clear that the creators were inspired by Miyazaki 's Princess Mononoke , as it has similar themes of human development encroaching upon nature , and a being representing all of nature being shot by a human and endangering the whole world.The movie directly took some of Mononoke 's set pieces , with a frightening canopy covering the sky -LRB- red mist in this movie , black ooze in Mononoke -RRB- , and the male and female protagonists coming to in restored world , covered by grass . I mean , if the inspiration was any more obvious , there might 've been some legal ramifications . They even `` borrowed '' one of Mononoke 's voice actors . The guy who played Gonza -LRB- John DiMaggio -RRB- in Mononoke is the main antagonist in this movie.But Princess Mononoke this movie IS NOT . Not as beautiful , not as character-driven , not as riveting , not as epic , not as thematic , not as thorough , not as rich . The animation is refreshingly different , like crayon drawings brought to life , and that almost makes it worth watching . But the plot , the dialogue -LRB- at least in the English translation -RRB- , and the characters are all pretty poor .
 This is a bad flick , but a good Blu-ray Disc . The picture quality is quite good , but since the movie has a very filtered/processed look , do n't expect to see as much detail as you might on other Blu-ray releases . No extras , which is typical for Alliance . The region code of this disc is A , which means it will play on American machines but will probably not be playable in Europe . If you enjoy this flick , I recommend Corey Yuen 's SO CLOSE with Shu Qi , Karen Mok and Zhao Wei .
 Theaters should be required to give a free bag of popcorn with each ticket purchase of DOA
 Amazon lists this standard def dvd as 1.66:1 . The actual aspect ratio of this dvd is more like 2.35:1 . The aspect ratio that it `` should '' be in is closer to 1.77 -LRB- aka 16X9 -RRB- . When comparing it to a broadcast version of 1.33:1 , you can clearly see that the top and bottom are cut off on this dvd . This is especialy evident when viewing Jamie coming out of the water in her first scene . Face it , 90 % of they buyers want this movie for the girls . Cutting off parts of their anatomy is just plain wrong . For those looking for the fights , it also cuts off action too . It is amazing that they actualy released a blu-ray of this . Silly predictable movie . Of course a clearer view of the girls is always prefered but why make it clearer if you do n't see as much ? I 'm assuming that the blu-ray listing of 2.35:1 is correct for `` that '' release.I would like to see this in the aspect of the `` original un-masked celuloid negative '' .
 We all know why we bought or rented this flick . And we all know that we almost had to resort to shoving bamboo shoots under our toenails to stay awake during it . How could something with so much natural resource and unbridled license fail so utterly?Hot women , volleyball and fight to the death . That 's the very definition of the end of adolescence . So why does n't this deliver ? I honestly ca n't break through the trauma to remember much , but the feeling is exactly the same as walking out of a strip club $ 100 lighter . You got worked , and now you just have to go home .
 I was tempted to turn this one off several times while watching it . I rented it because some guy on TV said it had good action . It did n't . The wire work was extremely obvious . None of the kicking or punching looked even close to real . The special effects were terrible . The sets were lame . The editing made the movie look like a BAD music video . The costumes looked like they came from a cosplay convention . The acting sucked . The story ... I 'm not sure what the story was.Street Fighter was a better video game movie than this .2 stars because one scene involving a country father and daughter made me laugh .
 Just take the idiot buffoonish men portrayed in the recent slew of `` Jackass '' - like comedy movies , and put them in a `` Kill Bill '' - like movie where all the women kick A , and this is what you got . Another boring , been there , done that martial arts flick that features impossible fight scenes -- right , one woman is going to be able to defeat a hundred with swords , oh , and to make matters worse , the man she 's with turns out to be a totally useless wimp , she 's got ta do it all herself , naturally ... but that 's the theme here , make men look like useless idiots . The acting is horrible , but that should go without saying , and the action is so cartoonish that 's it 's not even interesting . I 'd like to think that when they were casting for this garbage , that some male actors turned it down on principle , but I doubt it . The only thing here for guys to watch are the attractive women in bikinis and such , otherwise skip this DVD , a waste of time AND money . The last thing this garbage should be rewarded with is a profit . D.O.A. ? I guess it stands for Dead or Alive , but when they came up with the idea to produce this dreck , it should 've stood for Dead on Arrival .
 Chalk one up for oblivion , video game fans - we lost out on `` DOA
 * 1/2Three gorgeous women - a Japanese princess , a professional wrestler and an assassin/thief - travel to an island to compete in the world 's greatest martial arts tournament in `` DOA , '' a dumb-dumb karate-chopping extravaganza -LRB- derived from the video game `` Dead or Alive '' -RRB- that has all the wit , credibility and intellectual heft of a lesser episode of `` Charlie 's Angels '' -LRB- or the equally lame movies derived there from -RRB- . The women are portrayed by Jaime Pressly , Devon Aoki and Holly Valance , three no-talent actresses who do at least manage to kick up a storm in the movie 's nonstop fight scenes - though , of course , in the post - `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' style of the day , all the martial arts moves pay little or no heed to even the most rudimentary laws of gravity and physics . It 's all very stylized , self-knowing and tongue-in-cheek in style and tone , but none of it is in any way humorous or exciting . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is one of the worst videogame-movies I have ever seen !! There is more action , beauty and fun in a Cosplay convention.What bothers me about this movie is the idea of thinking that hot women can steal the show ! WROOOONG!This movie is based on a videogame which is one of the best hand-fighting games ever , but this movie ruins it . Ayane , my favorite character was the WORST ! she was sooo thin and her face does n't look like the character , cool characters like Ein or Jan Lee were not in the movie , the fights reminds me the Power Rangers , there are some weapon fighting , the acting sucked and the special effects were cheesy.If the makers created this movie only for the hot chicks then they should made a female football movie than an action movie ! at least that would fit.P.S
 I do n't know if there is a video game of this movie , but that 's all it is . It is fight scene after fight scene , and in the wake of fight scenes from MI3 , Matrix , and Transporter - the fight scenes are n't even really that good . At least the chicks are hot .
 I bought this nicely priced set at a retail store for $ 15 . I took a chance on it because it was distributed by Image Entertainment/Retromedia and I have never had a bad disc by these companies . I however hate to say it but at about the 16.20 mark on Hercules , Prisoner of Evil the film stutter skipped and then froze . I tried it on 3 different DVD players , a portable DVD player and my laptop and got the same problem . I got a replacement and it did it again . My third copy just stutter skipped but did not freeze . Sick of dealing with the problem I just got my money back . The clerk at the retail store said they have been getting a number of returns on this set and are actually thinking about taking it off the shelf -LRB- !?! -RRB- . I do n't know if this is widespread problem but talking to friends and relatives that also have bought the set I have found that theirs at least had the stutter skip.For the price of this set it is still worth it to many as it is only one film in the set that is defective . Still I just want to warn you that you will likely get a set that has a bad stutter skip in Hercules , Prisoner of Evil or worse it freezes .
 These are re-releases of the previous RetroMedia titles . Image Entertainment now handles the RetroMedia line . Sad to say all 4 discs are the exact same discs that have been available before . Quality is sadly lacking .
 I was REALLY excited about this release , until I started to go into the details . -LRB- 1 -RRB- A Hercules set WITHOUT Hercules Unchained , this has been crying out for an anamorphic transfer for donkeys ' years . It 's great if the other titles are in 2:35:1 , and if Unchained was there , I would have bought it just for that , but alas , it was not to be and -LRB- 2 -RRB- a small point , the cover art is actually from Goliath and the Barbarians , which is NOT in the collection . I 'm afraid I 'll have to pass , it 's a pity Image could ` nt have tried a little harder on this one , it really would have been worth the effort .
 For this uninvolving action piece , the director 's eye is more upon pyrotechnic effects and stunt work rather than narrative flow , and following upon its violent opening minutes , the work simply skids into predictability , a viewer being able to foretell even the details of dialogue . The setting is Los Angeles , where this movie is filmed , its plot relating of three members of the Los Angeles Police Department , assigned to an undercover narcotics detail , during which deadly complications occur , as a DEA operative and two uniformed officers are killed , this while a very large amount of drug sale money disappears , about which none involved appears to have any knowledge . The three surviving undercover officers are subsequently under suspicion , leading to a Department personnel investigation that alleges they are secreting the missing cash , whereupon the trio become fugitives as they attempt to discover who is answerable for the aborted operation . The police official heading the investigation , Captain Mitchell -LRB- John Saxon -RRB- , and a sergeant working under him , Dante , played by Michael Nouri , are aware that the longer the renegades are on the lam , the more serious their situation will become , yet the officers remain in hiding , although each alienates the others during the course of their search for the elusive drug dealer . Any possible inner aspects of the officers -LRB- Maxwell Caulfield , Dustin Nguyen , Denise Loveday -RRB- are neglected while they behave as rampaging steamrollers while seeking the narcotics kingpin . An additional matter of significance appears from within the Department , as a possibility exists that a police official is linked with the Forces of Evil . Despite the generally reliable cast members , a flabbily constructed script and weak direction impede their best efforts , with a surfeit of the storyline 's emphasis being upon cartoonish violence and frequently occurring explosions to please devotees of that sort of activity . A hackneyed screenplay simply does not provide enough contributing sidelights to keep plot emphasis away from clich&eacute;d episodes of violence , and the actors merely go along with the work 's prevailing mediocrity . Nouri , as a conflicted Dante , is able to liberate himself from his limitative lines often enough to handily gain acting honours here . Essentially a thick ear production that favours loud noises and lead characters yelling at each other , the movie is at the typically low level plumbed by PM Entertainment Group , a company that specialised in cinematic slag . The DVD release of the work comes from Madacy , an outfit with a spotty reputation for quality . However , in this instance , both its visual and sound grades are excellent . The only bonus feature is an imposing 50 minutes of strident trailers from PM for films which a viewer of sensibility might not sit through by choice .
 Let me just say that I did n't have high hopes for this film , but I 'm glad I watched it alone before I made a fool of myself and watched it with others . This is a terribly constructed film from start to finish . You could find similarly made films on youtube for free -- and you might get more out of them !
 I watched this movie and it gave me an idea of what the pledge process was like . But most of the movie centered around one scene that does n't really happen in the pledge process of this time period . After showing this to other members of BGLO 's , I was told that the process does not even happen publicly , for other students to see now . This movie also made it seem like that the only reason people want to join black fraternities/sororities is go to parties and date many people - this is not the case . As an aspirant , that is not my reason and if I had seen this movie before doing research , it would have completely turned away from joining a black fraternity/sorority . I know many successful , respectable people that are in black fraternities/sororities ; that did not join because they wanted to be popular , or &#34; get bitches &#34; as this movie suggests . The only accurate scene was &#34; the first night &#34; , because of how the guys were being treated . I feel like the creators of this movie could have done a better job with this , with all aspects of the movie -LRB- quality , script and acting -RRB- .
 This is a fascinating movie . Not so much for what it is , as for what it represents
 This movie , first and foremost , is somewhat funny . Its content , however , is very questionable and highly controversial . Eddie 's frequent and bothersome use of the N-word is outrageous . In the beginning of this Documentary , he rationalizes this as follows
 This movie had so many good ratings I fell for it . Shame on me . I should have read more about the movie before purchasing it . It is indeed dark and Belle strikes me as one loose screw short of a psychopath . I could n't make it through to the end on the first watching so you can hold that against my review if you wish . Maybe I 'll jump to the middle and try to make it to the end . I 'll probably end up tossing this one in the trash and be happier for it.Here is an example of the dark humor . As mentioned in another reveiw , Belle breaks into Joe 's apt and decides to commit suicide in her bathtub . Joe arrives before this happens . Belle refuses to leave the apt and claims she has nowhere else to go -LRB- she does -RRB- . She eventually shoots an ex who enters the apt . As Joe calls a friend for help with the body Belle is sort of poking at and examining the face of the dead guy up close . I 'm not really sure why but I believe this was supposed to be funny . They wrap his body and dump it off a balcony . The body lands on the roof of a car and then the driver drives off so the girls start to run after it . Belle sees bicycles in a shop window so she punches her fist through it to get the bicycles . Then they are both seen riding bicycles , Belle with a bloodied hand . If you 're laughing right now , get the video . If you 're not , give it a pass . For me , there was no snappy dialogue as mentioned elsewhere , just a lot of irritating personalities and I did n't find the dark humor funny in this instance.I really wished I 'd spent the $ on something entertaining !
 I usually love off-beat movies , but this movie was dreadful . My girlfriend and I settled down to watch this , but she went to do something else after about 20 minutes . I kept watching , thinking `` this has got to get better '' . No , it 's just awful all the way through . I 'm still trying to figure out how it won any awards .
 I settled down with popcorn and got comfy to watch this movie . After 20 mins into the film I was losing attention and finding the storyline and the acting boring . I never normally stop a film part way through , but for this one I did . What a waste of money .
 My sincerest opinion is that this movie was wholly disappointing on every level - except creepy . It gets five stars for creepy . If you like movies that make absolutely no sense as they develop , take you on a ridiculous dream like -LRB- bad dream -RRB- encounter , then this is the movie for you . The women were nor even remotely appealing , which might have been a saving grace on some level . The story was NOT sexy at all and was hardly what I would call a love story - now , I only watched it once -LRB- because that is all I could take -RRB- so maybe I was missing the deeper meaning behind the characters or the plot - but I must say , to me , and I am only one voice out there , this was a waste of money and time - it actually gave me the creeps . If you 're a romantic , I would recommend a nice sexy movie like Elena Undone ... now there is a sexy story . If you 're on some sort of drugs that make you hallucinate , then Joe and belle is for you ! Out -
 this was one of the worth movie that i have rent so far the cover looks interesting but the movie is bad .
 Had the main character been as endearing as Bill Murray in `` Groundhog Day '' this may have been more palatable . Since that was not the case you kept hoping for something redeeming or different . Not gon na happen . So this just is n't really worth your time . In fact it will quite possibly give you a headache watching the same pieces shown over and over so you can see what he does different to try to fix it . I can suggest far to many Christmas movies that are better . On a replayability scale `` Christmas Do-over '' wo n't be done over , so this gets a zero .
 What a waste of time . A very poor ripoff of the far superior Ground Hog Day . Do n't bother with this piece of coal .
 Search out the original 1996 TV movie Christmas Everyday . This movie is so poorly acted and so not that funny its just plain BAD .
 It is a real shame that they could not get this movie correct . It was bad enough how horrible the dad was in life . But then the writer and Hollywood did not get it that the perfection was when he let everyone else 's needs come first . I am glad to have seen the movie from a rental because I would have had to throw it away if I had bought the movie . It is a shame because the director did handle the repetitive days and dialogue so that it was still entertaining . But the writer did not understand when his story was over .
 This movie has a decent plot but becomes annoying along the lines of the movie Gound Hog Day . The same day being played over and over again get real old for me . Nonetheless , worth seeing once .
 ... minus the laughs . It 's not too terrible , thus the 2 stars instead of 1 , but there are too many stupid parts to warrant even 3 stars . The acting is sub-par for otherwise good actors , too . Obviously they were trying to repeat the success of Groundhog Day , but it definitely does not deliver .
 I have no complain about the actors . They do their parts pretty well . At first , it was interesting a scary . Then I got more confused not knowing what the story is all about . Is this supposed to be a ghost story ? a maniac on the loose ? the devil itself or a big invisible monster ? I appreciate fictions and like the abnormal . But the logic has to be there , it 's got to make some sense . I mean , a monsterous God being afraid of a bacteria is too much to handle . I ca n't believe they still waste the actors ' talents on scripts like this . A good scary movie should keep you scared at least until the next day .
 I found this movie very hard to follow . I could n't tell if it were a horror movie , a monster movie or a bunch of wild hallucinations . The plot did not flow smoothly and at the end I was still left with the question of `` What the heck happened ? ''
 A waste of your time and money too
 It was one of the most unscarey movies I seen in a long time . The acting was poor as well as the lame plot . I was robbed an hour and a half of my life as well as $ 3.00 for this movie if you can even call it that .
 PHANTOMS is a poorly crafted horror film that is redeemed only with the presence of a fine actor -LRB- Peter O'Toole -RRB- near the end of a long cinematic career and a promising one -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- just beginning his . Director Joe Chapelle misuses the talents of both to highlight a creature based movie that is flawed by some internal inconsistencies . Now there is nothing wrong with a director positing the existence of a creature/monster , regardless of how incredible its origin may be . What ought to happen after the creature hits the screen is that the director should ensure that following its initial appearance , the plot must flow smoothly given what he chooses to reveal about the nature and characteristics of that creature . In PHANTOMS , the creature is a subterranean many-tentacled dweller that has existed unknown to humanity since the dawn of creation . Peter O'Toole , as Doctor Flyte , suggests that this creature had been responsible for the previously unexplained disappearances of , among others , the dinosaurs , a 3,000 strong Chinese regiment in 1937 , the Mayans , and the Lost Colony of Roanoke . Now this list of vanishings smacks of a conspiratorial creature , a topic much favored by American audiences who seem to love films about races of creatures that have plagued humanity for millenia . The problem with this angle is that the film ought to do more than just have the Wise Scientist briefly pontificate about them . O'Toole is a disgraced biologist who writes for a tabloid based loosely on the rags that sell on supermarket check-out lines . He claims that many heretofore unexplained mass disappearances are the work of a sentience that he labels ` The Ancient Enemy . ' During the scenes that allow this Ancient Enemy to communicate directly with him , the viewer is puzzled as to why it even bothers to try to gain fame by ordering him to announce its presence . One would think that anonymity would ensure its ongoing existence . Ben Affleck , in one of his earliest roles , plays a sheriff who is stranded in a small town that has been taken over by the creature . Affleck is wooden and clearly shows that he is quite willing to play second banana to the immensely more experienced O'Toole . Fans of Affleck who want to see him in roles that allow him to do more than emote on a one-trick pony range will surely be disappointed here . Liev Schreiber is surprisingly effective in a creepy role as a deputy who remains creepy even after the Ancient Enemy enters his body . Joanna Going and Rose McGowan are little more than eye candy walk-ons whose only purpose is to set a scary tone that allows the heroic he-men to save the day.The special effects are eye grabbing , but they by themselves are rarely enough to maintain viewer interest . What might have saved this film from being just another gross-out monster movie would have been more logic and consistency concerning the creature and less cribbing from other equally unsatisfactory movies . Given the poor track record that Hollywood has shown over the decades in giving audiences a well-crafted horror film , films like PHANTOMS suggest that talent in the Gothic genre is just as rare as in any other .
 This is one of the worst and most unwatchable movies I have ever seen-right up there with Battlefield Earth and I Dreamed of Africa . I picked this up at Blockbuster , stupidly paying money for a rental and just could not make myself watch the whole thing . I am a cheapskate and I never do this . It 's playing on the WB right now as the requisite bad sunday afternoon movie.I 'll just ask the obvious and say what the # & !! was Peter O'Toole doing in this ? Perhaps this past sin is why he was shut out at the Oscars this year.When will I learn ? Every Dean Koontz movie I 've tried to watch is awful-interesting premise but really really predictable and intellegence insulting plot and dialogue . You ca n't really blame the actors , they do the best with what is clearly excremental scripting and directing . Even more pitiful and disappointing than Steven King movies .
 I think Dean Knootz is a very fun author to read . I picked up this book because a friend said it was good . The book was good , but not Knootzs best . I rented the movie because I wanted to see how much the book and movie differ . Well , to say it in a nice way - Read the book . The movie is all over the place . I know that they had a budget and had to fit the whole story in less than two hours , but then WHY make the movie . So much is missing about what exactly the Phantoms are and the ending in the book much better . WHY ? WHY ? WHY ? I just ca n't understand WHY this movie was made in the first place . It should have been a TV miniseries . At least then you can actually make it longer then two hours and people will actually understand what the hell is going on . The book was very suspenseful at times ; the movie was a big bore !
 Phantoms is nothing special . It 's one cliche after another but hey , quite a few of those cliches came directly from the book so you ca n't really blame the director , writers or actors.The plot is as simple and unassuming as a chamber pot . Two pretty sisters land in a small Colorado town in the winter but they do n't get to do any skating or skiing because the place is haunted . The townsfolk are missing without a trace . The electricity is out . The car wo n't run , there are strange sounds coming from nowhere and oh yes , the dead periodically appear on the streets . The law men who come to the rescue are quickly picked off leaving only the studly sherrif . The only hope is Peter O'Toole who knows what is going on but ca n't get anyone to listen . He 's like Carl Kolchak in The Nightstalker movie.Eventually , thanks to Peter 's brains , the sherrif 's brawn and the cuteness of the girls the day and possibly the world is saved.There are some predictable and cheesey scenes . The band of heroes put what must have been 100 bullets into a giant moth . They do not see the thing die , it just screams and leaves . So what does the deputy do ? He walks over to the open window and makes snide comments . He 's just about daring the monster to come get him and of course it does . Later soldiers allow what are obviously zombies to come into their camp and they are of course , slaughtered . At one point the younger sister , played by Rose McGowan decides to go to the bathroom alone . Bad move . Nobody ever told the poor girl that the bathroom , attic and basements are kill zones in horror movies . Luckily for her the monster has a perverted streak and instead of eating her it decides to flirt.At another point in the movie a minority character goes down into the sewer . Now , nobody except the hero and his woman EVER make it out of the sewer in a horror movie and sure enough this character is toast . If you are serious about horror as an art form these scenes will bug you . If mocking the lameness of a plot twist is part of your idea of a pleausurable movie experience then Phantoms will be up your alley.There are actually , two near golden moments in the film . The monster decides to appear in the form of a golden laborador and mennaces our heroes . The Lab is one of the sweetest dogs God ever made and when the film makers managed to make this one seem sinister , it 's almost brilliant . Earlier we discover that the monster has a god complex and really wants humans to admire and be awed by it before it eats them . Now that 's kind of original and is definitely not a bad touch.Phantoms is not a `` must have movie '' . It 's a Saturday night , potato chips on the couch movie . It 's inoffensive , silly in a high school sort of way and not a bit scary .
 this movie is ok for special effects.then it gradually turns into a horror movie.All of the stars have been in better movies -LRB- like affeck , armeggedon , the guy from the scream and ransom , mcgowan jawbreaker , etc. . -RRB- also where is the trailer i have come to expect from disney -LRB- after all it is a disney movie -RRB- it just does not say it !!! a civil action is a much better dvd from the same studio as either dvd of the scream movie . This dvd is a ok for a rainy day or if you have some time to kill !! OK special effects !! Pathetic story !!
 The seller of this item was great . Shipped fast and wonderful communications . HOWEVER - The movie itself was awful . After reading the book the movie was a major disappointment . Do n't waste your money
 bad acting , bad story , BAD movie !!
 This movie is a waste of space . A very poor and unscarey plot.The acting is laughable.Every single actor in this movie is a sell-out for doing this junk . At the 45min mark I stopped seeing it.Only see this movie if you have a choice between an Ed Wood movie or this . I could be more harsh on this movie if I wanted to but it is not even worth the time .
 So first , i will say , i did read the book before watching the movie . BUT ... i 'm not one of those people who judge movies by the book . Movies are merely based on the idea of the book . So i am NOT one of those people who complain about how a movie did n't stand up to the book !! With that said though , i just finished watching the movie -LRB- literally , 5 minutes ago -RRB- . I was extremely disappointed in the movie as a whole . The editing and basically entire flow of the movie was very choppy -LRB- and i assume quite confusing for anyone who did n't read the book , trying to figure out what the movie was really about -RRB- . The acting was not good , the plot was not very deep , and to be completely honest ... It just was n't scary ! You can tell they they tried to build suspense , but it was so flimsy , it fell on it 's face !! One thing that made me just throw my hands up , was how they cut from scene to scene not really explaining too much , but spent like 5 minutes on Ben walking from one truck to the other -LRB- if you watch , you 'll know what i 'm talking about - i do n't want to give anything away -RRB- . I would just say , watch the film before you spend the money on the DVD !!! I can see positive feedback , so obviously some people do like it . But i imagine this is one of those hit-and-miss films ... I 'm glad i checked it out on you tube before ordering -LRB- which i never ended up doing -RRB- .
 This DVD is a great bargain unless you are hard of hearing ; then it 's no deal at all . There are no subtitles or any other on-screen options in this bare-bones version DVD release . No previews , no sound or viewing option menus , and of course no subtitle selections ; just `` PLAY '' and `` CHAPTERS '' . The video quality of the DVD is perfectly acceptable and the sound seems OK -LRB- I 'm not a good judge -RRB- but without subtitles for the hard-of-hearing I miss out on most of the dialogue , especially where the Ancient Enemy is talking in a highly modulated voice.The movie itself is highly entertaining . Not perfect but what film is , and it is very reminiscent of John Carpenter 's `` The Thing '' - probably the best science fiction-suspense movie ever made.If you have perfectly good hearing then buy this DVD . If you 're someone like me who 's too cheap to buy a hearing aid , get the earlier 1998 release .
 What more could you ask for ? The writing genius of Dean Koontz , the star-power of Ben Affleck and a plot involving a mysteriously deserted town ? A mildly entertaining movie that 's what ! When it is revealed that the reason for the town 's desertion can be attributed to an enormously powerful being that has the ability to kill or take over anyone or anything that comes in it 's path you ca n't help but get engrossed . Despite this brief satisfaction however , it soon dawned on me that there really was no genuine suspense present -LRB- unless a lump of black goop that inhabits dogs put you on the edge of your seat -RRB- and that despite Ben Afflecks prescence , the acting is abysmal . Even Peter O'Toole seems to display any real emotion as he explains the creature believes it is Satan and is therefore extremely hard to kill . The first thing that springs to mind when I finally caught a glimpse of the creature -LRB- that turns out to be a big blue light -RRB- is how extraordinarily low the budget must have been and how temporarily insane Ben Affleck must have been when he signed on to star . By the end of the movie , instead of feeling gripped by fear I was thinking more about how I 'd wasted seven hard earned dollars . Could have been a lot better !
 Is all of these movies put together . The first 20 minutes are good in getting our attention , but later when we kind of get the feeling the `` phantoms '' are not what we thought they were , the movie loses momentum . This film borrows freely from The Blob - the underground scene - and The Shinning - the somber kid that appears out of nowhere - The Thing - the exploding dog - The Fog - the group of dead people appearing suddenly - The Andromeda Strain - the desolated town - The Howling - scene where a character re-appears at a bar - and we could go on for hours ... Is not a good movie for people who have seen many other horror films . The younger generation may get a kick of the boo ! scenes , but that all .
 it was not that scary i ohhed or ahhed a couple of times but thats it , but the cast was wonderful .
 Ben Aflek as a macho save-the-world hero is more than a joke , it 's an insult to my intelligence . The female characters are so inflated and over-played that you end up wanting `` the evil entity '' to kill them ... slowly . Now I know I ca n't prevent you from watching this movie , but take my word for it
 Really a waste of time and money . I liked the book , but the movie is a silly , lame mess .
 When I rented this movie , I thought `` Cool , I get to see the book in a movie ! '' However , this is a movie loosely based on the book . In fact , most of the characters from the book are n't even in here , and the ones that are generally die only minutes after coming on the scene . Aside from being NOTHING like the book , this movie is very stupid . The `` monster '' is dumb looking -LRB- when it actually shows it -RRB- , a number of the characters act flat and emotionless , and some parts of the movie are just plain idiotic . For example , when Timothy Flyte tries to sell out the good guys to the monster so it will let him live . Stupid . When the monster turns into a kid and tries to trick Ben Affleck . Stupid , although we do see some genius from Affleck 's character here . Perhaps 1 star is too harsh , but this movie has angered me in all its crappiness , and I personally do n't feel it deserves any higher than that . I would normally tell you to rent it for yourself and get your own opinion , but no , not this time . This movie is not the worth the 5 bucks you 'd be surrendering to blockbuster to watch it . Leave this one alone , Koontz fans .
 In the town of Snowfield , Colarado , hundreds of people have disappeared , or are left horribly dead . The 5 remaining residents must find out who or what is responsible as they face danger of an ancient enemy of horrific proportions to try and remain alive.You would think a movie starring Ben Affleck , Rose McGowan , Live Schreiber and Peter O ' Toole would be pretty good . Wrong !!! The movie is a sub-par mediocre horror story I doubt does Dean Koontz novel , that it is adapted from , justice . Character development is very poor , with little told about each character other than that which the plot relied on . On a plus though - the special effects are of a high value and there are quite a few -LRB- maybe 2 -RRB- nice , scary scenes . Recommended for horror aficionados only .
 This movie is based on the novel by Dean Koontz.If you read the book you know what the movie should be about ! The movie 's stars try to do their best with the material.This movie would food for the MSTK300 crew to tear it apart . As for the DVD , it lacks trailers , production notes , star bios , commentary from the stars , director etc ! If you want to see this movie fime but it not a very good movie ! The only decent thing about the movie would the special effects ! Other than that the DVD of this movie stinks !
 How such a truly great and creepy horror novel got turned into this p.o.s. movie I 'll never know . The first 10 minutes of the movie is very close to the book , but after that takes a huge dump . There is so much story and charcter development left out the movie that I do n't know how anyone could really understand or follow it . The `` monster '' was timid at best compared to the book . Ben Affeck ? Who the hell cast him ? I love Deans book , but even he probably had a stroke after viewing this turkey . 2 stars for at least being mildly entertaining .
 How do they get awesome and talented stars such as Ben Affleck and Liev Schreiber into movies like this ? I 'll admit that I watched it because these two actors were in it . They did admirably well with what little they were given . Definetely not one of the best movies I have ever seen . However , there is a really funny part where Schreiber sings `` I fall to pieces '' by Patsy Cline that makes up for the rental or purchase price .
 What a bad movie . I read the book over the summer so I figured I 'd check the movie out . While the book was n't GREAT , it was pretty interesting , unforunatley something the movie is n't . It leaves out at least HALF of the main characters that made up the book . The characters it does keep are terribly cast and act almost the complete opposite way they do in the book . I do n't understand why they chose to change around a perfectly acceptable story so much until they made this mess , but they would have been better off saving there money and you will be too by reading the book instead of watching this .
 I wo n't get into how amazing the novel was or how shocked I was at the theater upon seeing this wreck of a movie -LRB- or how I highly recommend the novel . -RRB- Instead , consider Ben Affleck . If he 's starring as the sheriff in a serious horror movie , you know something 's ... wrong . I did enjoy the first half of the movie , which builds on ambience and scares you through the unknown horror around every corner.Then the movie barrel-rolls and plummets head-first into the rocks . It rips shreds from `` John Carpenter 's The Thing '' to `` Alien '' and everything in between . The ending is overly simplified and lacks any of the terror from the novel -LRB- and in addition is far less epic . -RRB- A warning to anyone who 's read the book and yet to see this adaptation ; do n't waste your time.For everyone else , again I recommend the excellent novel , or if you 're still in the mood for a good horror movie , try one of the thousands of better ones out there .
 Standing on its own , this movie was pretty bad - poor acting , poor script , silly special effects , etc. . However , when compared with the excellent Koontz book it 's based on , the movie 's dismal quality really stands out . It 's as if they took out everything good about the book and threw in some silliness to compensate.To sum up the movie in one word
 I absolutely love Ben but making this movie was a huge mistake ! He wasted his talent making a low-budget , cruddy film . The plot is so not plausible and the acting is just well , not good . Rose , Peter , Ben , and Liev could 've done a lot better but i guess when your in a bad movie you really have no motivation . Ben I love you but what the heck were you thinking ?
 `` Phantoms '' starts off on a nice Scooby Doo mystery ride , but things quickly fall apart when Liev Shreiber , aka Deputy Stu , begins to do his best Telly Savalas impersonation from `` The Dirty Dozen '' . The quiet tension that was building is soon replaced by heavy assult of standard military versus monster cliches , painful Ben Affleck overacting , and especially weak special effects.The DVD is completely a bare bones affair . Not even a trailer is included . The sound and picture quality is okay , but since the movie takes place primarily at night , some of the scenes are hard to make out .
 This film could have and should have been much better . It starts off like gangbusters ! Two sisters arrive in a town that appears to be completely deserted . From there , the film takes a rocket-paced nosedive into sheer and utter boredom . NOTHING HAPPENS , at least nothing worth reporting . The talents of Ben Affleck and Peter O'Toole are wasted , and would have benefited more from a script that actually gave their characters something to do . There is , however , a monster that 's worth your attention . If you must watch , fast-forward to the end to catch a quick glimpse of it . Besides that , you 'll actually be a lot better off reading the book this mess was based upon .
 I read the novel in preparation for seeing the movie , and the novel stank , so I knew the movie probably would , too . But I 'm such a Peter O'Toole fan , I went anyway . Well , he was good , but he was n't in the movie that much . It was the first time I 'd seen Rose McGowan , and I was impressed with her screen presence . But Everyone else , and everything else in this movie stank . It you 're in the mood for B-movie junk , this is your ticket . But if you want something good , forget it .
 After watching `` Still Breathing '' and becoming an instant fan of the luminously beautiful Joanna Going , I went out and bought a used copy of `` Phatoms . '' I paid eight dollars for this movie -- and I wish I had found it cheaper elsewhere.This movie is mediocre . My friend and I talked throughout the whole film , making fun of everything . But for some reason , I guess because this movie is so cheeseball , it scared us more than all of the `` Scream '' movies put together . Low expectations can work wonders.Ben Affleck could n't save this movie . We wanted Rose McGowan 's character to die . And as for Ms. Going , she was wasted here . Somehow , they managed to make her look very sickly and plain.So ... watch this at your own risk .
 I went to see the first show of the day after working night shift for 8 hours . 10 am the movie starts , I am sort of in the scared mode . The movie goes on and if I did blink , I would have missed DeLorenzo 's part . Anyhow the rest of the movie was strange . Wish I would have read the book . I was to eager to see this because of DeLorenzo , I could have waited for it to come to Showtime or HBO .
 I read the book before I saw the movie ... and the book stank , and I wondered why they chose to make a movie of it . I saw the movie anyway , being a Peter O'Toole fan , and it was n't much better than the book . It was the first time I 've seen McGowan , and she has presence on the screen , and O'Toole 's probably the most charismatic actor in history , so he is always worth watching ... but when the camera was off them , you had to deal with what is basically a schlock B-horror-movie . If you 're in the mood for cheap thrills , and nothing wrong with that , this should satisfy , otherwise see `` Alien '' again instead .
 My video clerk described this film perfectly
 This absolutely COULD have been a frightening movie . The movie -LRB- for the most part -RRB- stuck to the book , BUT why did they pick the absolutely most bland actors to play the characters ? With the exception of Fred Gwynn , the acting was atrocious in this movie . The actor who played Louis Creed delivered all of his lines in a monotone voice , and we were not able to see the extent of his anguish over the death of his son.This is one of my favorite King novels , and one of my LEAST favorite King movies .
 This is absolutely one of the stupidest movies I have ever seen in my life . I admit that it did have some scary scenes but the plot was just stupid and the end of it was morbid . First Louis buries his son in the graveyard so that he will come back to life , then he kills his son . Then he buries his wife and she comes back to life and kills him . That 's just really morbid in my opinion . It was n't ALL bad though . Like I said , it did have some really scary scenes . And I thought that Dale Midkiff and Denise Crosby were pretty good together . You might enjoy it if you like stories with really morbid endings . But this is definitely not my type of movie .
 `` Pet Sematary '' is one of King 's finest books . A truly terryifying reading experience which is ruined by this lame movie .
 This film is a nice showcase for how adapting a book to the screen is not as simple as it looks . See , it 's like this
 Got the movie , but not the cover I saw on the website , I keep looking for this specific cover , but I ca n't find it.So watch what you buy , the covers might be different from the website .
 Viewed
 The book was great but I have never seen such BAD acting in any other movie . Read the book and skip the movie !
 * Warning
 Read whatever everyone else said , but ... King 's book ended abruptly in a way that was shocking and ambiguous
 This is one of the mot terrible movies that I have ever seen . I do n't know what Lewis -LRB- Dale Midkiff -RRB- was thinking when he buried Church the family pet in the Pet Sematary . The neighbor Judd -LRB- the late Fred Gwynne -RRB- told him not to ever bury a person up there when Lewis asked him about it , he told him sometimes dead is better , apparently Lewis was n't paying attention . On top of that Lewis buried his son Gage -LRB- Miko Hughes -RRB- that was tragically killed due to being hit by an 18 wheeler in the Pet Sematary resurrecting this monster because he definitely was n't the lovable little boy we all saw before the accident . Gage comes back , murders Judd and his mother Lewis ' wife . If that was n't bad enough Lewis still has n't learned his lesson because he buries his wife in the Pet Sematary , and she comes back and kills him . I 'm guessing this is what happens next , she buries him in the Pet Sematary he comes back , they go and get Ellie from her grandparents house when she has been while all of this is taking place , keep in mind that she has saw everything that has happened in her nightmares all thanks to their dead spiritual guide Pascow who also tried to warn Lewis about the Pet Sematary . I guess they will kill Ellie or the grandparents next and bury them there . This movie is so stupid giving it 2 stars was actually being a little too kind . I thought this movie was a complete waste , a crock , and a fluke all together .
 I agree with all the thumbs down reviews , and am totally puzzled by anything rated higher . This is the worst film adaptation from a thrilling novel , ever . The characters are totally wooden , poorly selected , no chemistry , & what the hell is Yar doing in this movie ? What the hell is she doing in any film?I especially enjoyed that the family , knowing how dangerous the road was , sits close to the road & lets the toddler run right into the road
 This is a terrible movie , its one of the dumbest things I have seen ... whats up with the way the moms sister looks ? talk about stupid , thats just -LSB- bad -RSB- ! The boy played by Miko is so cute though . But this movie , its bad .
 At first , I was a little interested in Pet Sematary as it was a Stephen King film and I really like The Stand and love Salem 's Lot . But Pet Sematary is just like a horror spoof . I thought it was a joke on first impression , but the film was actuallysupposed to be serious . The first bad thing that I noticed about this film , was the terrible acting . Actors react to stuff in such an unprofessional way . Especially Dale Midkiffas Louis Creed who looks constapated half the time and that old guy from The Munsters TV show.The horror in this film is very weak . With cheap costumes and even cheaper make up effects , its like almost watching a series of Goosebumps . Nothing is even remotely scary , suspenceful or tence in this film . If your scared of a little child with a scalpal , then you should be scared of this film . Dale Midkiff 's character was terrified of his dead son attacking him with a scalpal . All he had to do was give the little f *** er a smack in the face ! . Then maybe his head would fall off or something.The horror elements in this poor film are laughable . Not like The People Under The Stairs where you would laugh WITH the over-the-top antics . That you would more likely laugh AT the OTT acting , make up and SFX in Pet Sematary for being so ridiculous and fake looking.I gave this film 2 stars as it is slightly watchable and does humor me . Also , I was told that the book is better than the film . If thats the case , then this is a poor book to screen adaptation .
 I talked to some guy that worked at Block Buster and he said this movie was really creepy and scary . I never thought older movies were scary but the guy said they were . Ends up , I win ! The movie had no point . The people in it were really stupid . I 'm not sure if they were supposed to be like that or not . It was un-realisted also . I have no idea what kind of creep would come up like a movie like this . Do n't really bother seeing this movie ... unless you are REALLY obsessed with Stephen King ...
 Disgusting and sick film about a happy family who move to a new town next to a road where something gets run over on a daily basis . When the family members start getting killed on the road , Daddy takes it upon himself to revive them by burying them in an ancient indian cemetary now dedicated to pets . Predictably , the family goes through separations , people come back from the dead , and they all end up on the slab . Sweet , is n't it ? No suspense , no redeeming social value , no entertainment . This film has no worth what so ever and deserves a place in history with all the other sadistic flops .
 If you love good films do n't ever buy this peice of crap !
 I could not watch it all the way through because there were enough indications it would not get better and reading the 1star reviews here include in more detail my bad omens.First the Color in the photography was all wrong as if gearing up for that first plash of orangey - scarlet paint blood which seems to come out of the same ware-house used in cheesey action / horror etc films like Django Kill.Second the old grand-paw neighbour is all about comic relief so we all know this film is no more going to get scary than a teen-zombie cookie cutter film . There is a veritable wasteland of comic terror titillation movies in the US for the bored teen who wants to veg out infront of the TV . The old bulging eyeball under the raised eyebrow is all his acting is about and the parents / child seem cut out of card and colored in technicolor.Say no more .
 The book is so frightening that I was literally shaking while reading it.This film adaptation is so bad and unworthy of the book it 's not even funny . The scene -LRB- in the book -RRB- where Gage 's father goes to the cemetary to dig up his son and take him to the Pet Sematary was bone chilling . And it was fairly drawn out in the novel . The movie barely even eluded to it.Nothing amazes me more than how poorly cast book adaptations are most times . Gage 's father -LRB- in the book -RRB- impressed me as kind of nerdy , wimpish , and definitely not very good looking . -LRB- unlike the actor in the film -RRB- I was thinking maybe somebody who at least looked like Richard Dreyfuss.I however ca n't give the film 1 star because Fred Gwynne gives a credible performance and the films premise creates enough of an atmosphere to at least warrant consideration . But that 's about it.Don ' t be misled by how bad the film is . Pick up the book and prepare to be scared out of your mind .
 I find it disheartening that so many of King 's masterpieces were treated so badly in their film adaptations ... and perhaps it 's mostly because his books are too complex to adapt well to film ... I 'm not sure . Delores Claiborne , Stand By Me , Misery , Carrie , Shawshank Redemption , The Shining , and the Green Mile all did well . Then we are treated to stinkers like IT , Maximum Over-drive , Dreamcatchers , Thinner , The Running Man , Firestarter ... and of course , this one.Did I forget to mention Stephen King 's own remake of The Shining ? He should have settled for the original.This film has all the feel of a made-for-tv movie or direct-to-video film ... and , in fact , that 's what it should have been . The film was terribly fast-paced and left out some of the more necessary plot elements of the book . They jumped into the darker elements way too quickly . There is barely a set up for the horror to come.That they left out Norma Crandall was very disappointing as she added to Judd 's character so much . He 's barely even interesting in the film . Fred Gwynn turned him into a goofy , drawling , old man . Over-acted . Not subtle at all , as his character was in the book.Ellie , the daughter , was a terrible actress . I am sure they could have found a better actress than her . She was whiny and abrasive and her lines were very forced and unnatural.Even the cinematography was badly done . Everything is way too bright for the plot line . Too many primary colors . It felt like they were on the set of a soap opera . At least it matches the acting of the principal characters.They tried to sew it all up with gory makeup effects , but set in the backdrop of a badly made film , it just makes the blood and gore goofy and laughable . The only way this film could be considered `` scary '' is with the cheap haunted-house `` BOO ! '' scare tactics ... like when a hand shoots out of the dark and grabs a shoulder.Why would they choose Mary Lambert to direct this film ? She barely had any experience as a director before this gig and most of the experience she did have was with music videos . And , as expected , beyond this flop , she has barely done anything worth mentioning . Well , except for more music videos and the follow-up stinker sequel to this film.Let 's hope the 2008 re-make is better .
 There are a lot of disturbing things about the film adaption of Stephen King 's PET SEMATARY -- and I do n't mean `` good horror disturbing . '' The worst is that Stephen King finally got the chance to adapt his own novel for the screen . And he butchers his story as bad as any other hack job that 's ever been done . Maybe it looked good on paper -LRB- I 'm referring to the script -RRB- , but it 's a wreck onscreen.What also really bothered me was how the filmmakers portrayed a woman 's disabling disease as if she was just a horror film monster freak.The cast tries hard . And I disagree with the previous review -- the `` Star Trek chick '' was far from distracting . I 've never watched Star Trek so I thought she was good.PET SEMATARY is one of King 's most effective and frigthening stories . Unfortunately , onscreen it never rises above being just a dumb gory slasher flick .
 This adaption of the terrifying and exquisite book by Stephen King never rises above mediocre . The emphasis is on gore and guts instead of the novel 's intelligent approach to the real horror of the death of a child . Though Fred Gwynne is perfectly cast , he does n't have too much to work with . I think you might enjoy the film though had you never read the book to compare it to , because it does have a dash of suspense and horror .
 Having read Stephen King 's novel twice , I decided it might be fun to watch the movie and see if they 'd done a good job adapting this enthralling masterpiece . I should have known better ... fortunately , the film has n't managed to ruin my enjoyment of the book -LRB- which it could have -RRB- . I do n't understand how people can rate this movie so highly , even those who have n't read the book and so are n't influenced by the original story . But even judged on its own terms , the movie is so unbelievably lame it 's almost comical . The characters are completely unconvincing , and there is no real suspense in the whole film . The script leaves out so much vital stuff that the story loses all its potency and just becomes laughable . If you only see the movie you will surely ask yourself , `` What the hell was Louis Creed thinking , bringing his son and wife back from the dead ? He was warned , was n't he ? '' But if you read the book , you DO understand.Don ' t bother seeing this . It 's no good - compared to the book or otherwise .
 Sorry guys , but I really , really detest this movie.As I was reading the book , which is one of my favorites I was always thinking how if they made a movie out of it , it would probably be awful because they would do specific scenes one way instead of the correct way.Well , guess what ? That 's exactly what happened.Save yourself some money and just buy the book instead .
 This movie , at least i found , was dumb . It was a little gross , weird , and the story was really stupid . How can this get 4 stars ? who are these actors anyway ? if you want a real stephen king movie , watch misery .
 `` Pet Sematary '' affirms the fact that , while being a good novelist , Stephen King is a terrible screenwriter . He once complained that Stanley Kubrick 's `` The Shining '' was an injustice to his book , but I watched `` Pet Sematatry '' with that exact thought in mind . I loved the book , and have read it many times . The movie does it no justice.Louis Creed -LRB- Dale Midkiff -RRB- , his wife -LRB- Denise Crosby -RRB- , their two children , and their cat Church move to the country to start their lives anew . They meet their new neighbor , Jud Crandal -LRB- Fred Gwynne -RRB- , and learn about a path in their back yard that leads to an animal graveyard and an indian burial ground beyond it . The road outside their house is a danger in itself , with big rig trucks passing by all day and all night . When their cat church is killed on the road , Louis is introduced to the power of the indian burial ground , which has the power to bring the dead back to life . When tragedy strikes later on , the powers of the burial ground tear the family apart , and lead to violent ends.The movie has it 's share of creepy , and bloody moments , but they come nowhere near matching the potentcy of the book . For someone who has not read the book , this is probably a good horror movie , but for people like me , it is a waste of time . The movie follows the key points in the book , but omits a lot of the good stuff , making the movie seem disgustingly unfaithful . While the book introduced characters that were believeable , and people we could sympathize with , the way they are painted in the movie is one-dimensional and totally uninteresting . The actors involved seem to play their parts in their sleep , as if the movie were rehearsed once , and they trusted their luck.The widescreen transfer and good picture quality aside , there are no extra features that come with this DVD . No commentary , no trailers , and no featurettes . If you like the movie enough on it 's own to buy the DVD , than it is worth it . For almost everyone else , including horror fans , it is wise to overlook this one altogether . `` Pet Sematary '' will go down in history as one of those `` bad book adaptions '' .
 I 've always gone back and forth on this movie . As I am sure it 's a fantastic book and story , the bad acting does n't live up to those same expectations . Suprisingly bad performance by Jessica Lange . The only real suprises are a great performance by Fred Gwynne and the little boy , who turned out to be a star in his later years . I do admire Mary Lambert , but maybe she 's better off sticking with music videos rather than movies.My answer is a remake of the original with a different cast .
 This movie was easy to follow and ok if you read the book . Otherwise , it was less than average for those who did n't read the book .
 disappointed again region 0 and unable to watch on my homer cinema system . No indication on region so I messed up again . Can Amazon.com advise where I look to ensure I do not make this mistake a 3rd time . So frustrating and so disappointing .
 I read the book and it scared the bejesus out of me , so I thought lem me watch the movie . After all , the Shining was a really scary book AND . A spectaularly done movie.Not this case . The movie was true to the book story , but the acting was so bad . The lil boy looked adorable not creepy , and we know little kids can look convincing -LRB- Danny in the Shining -RRB- . In a way , though , I 'm relieved . The book was soooo scary I was nervous to watch the movie . But no . It was n't as good as the book .
 Huh?if you like necromancy perhaps you will like this .
 At the annoucement of a new King book I race to be put on a waiting list or buy it outright . What involves me in his books is the partnership that he establishes with his readers . His words feed the readers imagination and therefore involve him/her in the story . This movie forgot about the partnership and attempted to represent what should have been left to the imagination . The little boy was comical and the actors should have been allowed to act . I will continue to watch and read everything that King throws our way , but this work does not represent what I know he is capable of doing .
 This movie was not very good ! the book was so much better , do n't waste your time or money on this crap ! The movie was not very good adaptation of the book ! if you must see it , rent it , do n't buy it !
 The evil has arise this movie is okay but i love part 2 it 's the best movie way better then this but would i recommended it too anyone No
 I ca n't see how people disagree with Leonard Maltin about this clunker . It is almost a BOMB . Per Sematary is a mean-spirited movie that is saved from * by being scary , but that ca n't save how dark it is . For example , were you happy when that woman hung herself ? Who wants to think about suicide ? Though horror movies are geared to be somewhat dark to be scary , the mean-spiritedness -LRB- and sometimes cruelty -RRB- is to excessive . Followed by a really dull sequel .
 I THOUGHT THIS MOVIE WAS STUPID . I KNOW STEPHEN KINGS MOVIES ARE THE BEST BUT THIS WAS VERY DISTRUBING , FIRST YOU KILL A FAMILY PET , THEN THE KIDS DIES AND YOU TRY AND BRING THEM ALL BACK TO LIFE , WITH SOME VERY BAD RESULTS AND THEN YOU KILL OFF THE WIFE AND BRING HER BACK THE SAME WAY . AFTER ALL THE STUFF AND BAD THINGS THAT HAPPENED UP TO THIS POINT WHY OF WHY WOULD YOU CONTINUE TO DO THIS ? SORRY NOT ONE OF STEPHEN KINGS FINEST MOVIES .
 I found myself waiting for this film to end about 20 minutes into it.It was bogged down by silly Korean slapstick that was n't very funny , and it took quite awhile to establish a storyline.The characters were uninteresting and some most unnecessary.Although there were a couple of characters that I did like , it was n't enough.The gore factor was virtually non existent and that 's usually one reason we watch giant marauding creature flicks.The pro is that the monster effect was quite good but you ca n't get into a movie just because the creature effect is good , there has to be some sort of motivation to keep you watching be it storyline , interesting and likable characters or even `` good '' comedy which I felt there were none of the above . I was really looking forward to it because I saw Pig Hunt and really enjoyed that giant killer Boar film.I say skip this one and watch Pig Hunt , you wo n't have to read subtitles either , and I just watched `` The Man From Nowhere and loved every minute of it subtitles and all , so I have no problem reading them for if the film is good .
 I was really looking forward to this movie , but my viewing last night was not without disappointment . Mastroianni gives a beautiful performance in a film that is somewhat awkward and uneven and does n't really know how to connect the dots effectively . It throws themes at us and situations that do n't entirely gel , and that 's a pity because the idea behind the film is compelling and could have been truly moving . The film centers on a widower who makes a strong connection with his granddaughter when she is basically left in his care through the immaturity of her parents . Just when life starts to feel somewhat ` normal ' , the girl 's mother shows up and throws everything off kilter . It just does n't all work , and the poor production values make this feel very low impact and cheap . Mastroianni explores deeper emotions , but the screenplays lack of depth keep him from truly transcending .
 Got fooled again by reading reviews on Amazon.com . This is constant beware because these people have something to do with the production.Well hope to save someone else stay far away ...
 Please stay away from this movie . I read these reviews and thought that this was a good movie to buy . The people who reviewed this movie had to be a part of the production of this movie . This movie sucked . I could not get even half way throught this movie . It was a waste of money . Any true fan of horror should please run the other way when you see this film for sale !! It is n't even a good suspense thriller .
 Do NOT buy this movie if you want to be entertained . It is the WORST movie I have ever seen . Its obvious the positive reviews on here are from friends and family of the producer . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 The words I wish to use would not be allowed here so let 's just say ... # @ % & * ^ % % $ @ : ^ $ # @@ -LRB- + -RRB- ! # % ^ < !!!!!!!!!!! Does that sum it up for everyone . Do n't believe previous reviews as they are obviously involved with the film and are trying to promote it . And how dare one reviewer compare this film to that of anything by Dario Argento . While I do see the director attempted to COPY him in alot of scenes that 's where any similarities end .
 This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time and I watch a lot of movies . It 's terrible , a waste of money and a waste of time to watch . There is a reason why there 's not many reviews and the price is so cheap because nobody buys this movie and for a good reason !
 Love Mia Kirshner , love Adam Goldberg , love Krumholtz and Bradshaw . HATE this movie . It was filled with plot holes and missing chemistry . I have no idea what the producers were thinking . Please , save yourself an hour and a half . Rent Police Academy or anything else that makes even a lick of sense .
 Ordinarily , I do not review films . However , this one was SO bad - I feel compelled to warn others away . As background , I LOVE films like Devdas and Asoka , even Bride and Prejudice was fun . I was hoping this movie would fall in line with the feel good , Bollywood genre that I so love . That did not happen here ! There was zero chemistry between Harry and his lady love , Teresa . The supporting cast could n't even save this flick - Harry 's father was a horrible cliche about fat , old men who have a thing for young , hot models . His mother was a bitter , unhappy harpy of a woman while his friends were walking dirtbags who would n't understand manogomy if it smacked them in their faces ! Really , there was not a single redeeming facet to this mess of a film . Sorely Disappointed !!! Skip it , skip it , skip it !
 If you are looking for a fun Bollywood flick then THIS IS NOT IT . The acting is terrible , the plot is ridiculous and all the sensual innuendos are not at all what I was expecting from the previews . I could n't finish it and had to turn it off . Stay away . Save your money .
 Not going to spend much time on this film . I really enjoy Indian film , Bollywood and otherwise and think few national cinemas deliver so much joy per reel ... when it 's done right . This one does n't . The thing `` When Harry Tries to Marry '' does best is that it generated a fun trailer . Looks good , right ? Sucked me in ... but did n't deliver on anything but the cinematography , and perhaps the costuming . The film looks polished , but the director should have spent more time on getting a polished script . The holes in the plot and dialogues were so large that the wedding elephant , complete with howdah could have fit through them!And the three main leads were not that bad in their technique , especially Rahul Rai , our Harry , who manages to be endearing in spite of all the implausabilities he 's forced to wade through . I 'm afraid I ca n't say that for most of the rest of the multi-national cast.And as anyone who has watched any Indian film can tell you , the ending of the film , how the wedding winds up , is the most unbelieveable thing in it . It 's tossed off in an `` oh , well , no big deal '' manner that is supposed to give us a happy ending , I guess . Unless you have nothing to judge it by , do n't rent or buy this one . Better luck next time , Rahul !
 The script was immature - there was no wisdom in it . Some of the characters -LRB- his parents -RRB- were caricatures , and not funny . We fast forwarded through some of the movie because it was so worthless , until they got to India , where the palace and beach scenes were colorful and beautiful - but the story was stupid . I absolutely hate in movies where a character grabs a microphone and announces to the crowd how he feels - that 's in here . Also I felt the acting of the American girl Theresa was not good , while the acting of the Indian fianc&eacute;e was very good . Overall the Indian scenery was nice , but the story was not worth sitting through the whole movie .
 I love Indie flicks and it had a taste of it with the colorful costumes and visits to India . The script was poor and those that stated a family movie ??? It is not with main character 's father being a womanizer for most of the flick.No . . not a family flick . It could of been so much better both acting and script.I wish I would of read the other reviews because I would n't of bothered to rent.Do yourself a favor . . and look for another movie . Wishing I rented a true Indie flick . oh ... well .
 I donno who and why are rating this movie 5 stars!VERY POOR plot , storyline , and acting.Total garbage!Rahul , you are better off dancing !
 This movie is terrible ! The script is forced , predictable and amateur . The acting is the same quality as the script . This is NOT a family movie if you do n't want to see a movie filled with sexual references and a-moral behavior . After the first 30 minutes I could n't watch any more and left . It was more about sex than it was about getting married . Everything was surface deep . Probably the worst plot line , acting and script for a movie that I have ever seen in my life . I would recommend avoiding this movie and spending your time on something that wo n't insult your morals and intelligence .
 Jack Pierce was a remarkable man - responsible for the look and success of the golden age of monster films . In buying this dvd , I was hoping for a straightforward documentary with an assortment of film clips and stills . Although the product description describes the film as a `` live biography including recreations of 15 of his characters '' I was completely unprepared for the paucity of the actual film.This is a filmed one-time performance , or more correctly a read-through , stage presentation of Jack Pierce as an old man reminiscing about his life in the movie industry . I suspect that he actor portraying him is actually quite skilled , but why does he give him this strange , wavering German accent ? Especially since one of the miserable little extras is a brief interview with the actual Jack Pierce , who appears to have no accent at all . And speaking of those extras , a few still pictures apparently in public domain with special software scrapbook effects !? Rest assured , there are no film clips at all , nor are there stills detailing Pierce 's technique.I can not say anything good about the actors who recreate his characters , so I wo n't say anything at all . The only reason you might purchase this dvd is if you already have a huge classic monster library and must have this obscure little student exercise to make it complete .
 As a previous reviewer stated , I too was expecting a professional documentary-style program on the life and career of Jack Pierce ... not an actor doing a reading in the first person AS Jack Pierce . -LRB- And in response to another previous reviewer , it 's mighty hard to know that this is not as it 's described without watching it first ... I 'll skip the emoticon . -RRB- `` Amateurish '' and `` dull '' are the two words that come first to my mind . With the amount of material that must be available on this remarkable man , I 'm beyond disappointed that this is the best anybody could do . To add insult to injury , both the sound quality and picture quality are very bad ; the lighting is atrocious . When a second actor with a laboring accent showed up and started speaking as Conrad Veidt , I gave up.My consolation is that I got it as a 7-day streaming rental and did not purchase it outright . My recommendation is , `` Do n't bother '' .
 This was a very disappointing movie , not the artist , but the filmwork . Long monologs with pretty much same stories from the workers and repetitive journeys to the village with same story on how the people moved out did n't help showing the great idea of the project . I bought it to show to my high school students who are mostly Mexican and was hoping to give them a great piece of art and inspiring story , but I am afraid keeping them focused for 57 min will be hard , I had hard time staying focused , and I am usually excited about everything . Also reading captions takes away from looking at the images , and my students are slow readers . I wish there would be more artwork and less people talking ; the workers are not good story-tellers ! The painting on the cover was so promising , and I do n't even remember if it was in the movie .
 Well the most important issue is that Erika Eleniak never takes her clothes off during the whole movie . That was quite a let down .
 I put this one in my stack of `` to be used for future door stops '' section . Waste of money .
 The movie kept stopping while I was trying to play it . The movie itself was just not as good as the first Grease and it was completely different from what I was hoping to see . Horrible song choices .
 Now do n't get me wrong . The movie was very entertaining , suspenseful , violent and gory . The only problem I had with it was that the main character was so unbelievable . I 'm assuming the protagonist is a fairly intelligent man , seeing that he 's a secret agent . Plus he must possess high moral qualities considering his desire to enforce the law for his government . But everything he does in this film reeks of amateurish mistakes and a lack of compassion for others . What 's worse , alot of innocent folks get assaulted , raped and killed as the protagonist proceeds with his revenge plan . I mean he allows a school girl to get abducted and raped . I understand that he wants revenge , but how can he in all good conscience allow this much wanton mayhem ? He must have known the serial killer would victimize other people along the way . I 'm sure they teach `` profiling 101 '' in secret agent school . It would have been a more powerful movie if he captured the serial killer , securely imprisoned him to ensure everyone 's safety and proceeded to torture him `` HOSTEL '' style . Maybe getting the killer to finally reveal his vulnerability . And then at the least expected moment , put him out of his misery . But that 's just my viewpoint . I 'm sure others may disagree .
 not believeable , even remotely . The only likeable people in this film die.Watch The Man From Nowhere instead and avoid this
 I do n't know if this deserves more than 1 star . I found myself checking the remaining time over and over wondering just how more idiotic they could make the plot . It 's almost too stupid to believe how badly the script and screenplay are insulting conceived . Over and over the main character puts innocent people 's lives in jeopardy in his blind attempt at ultimate revenge . But the worst part , the part that made me literally almost abort watching then end was when his colleague on the police force blurts out `` how 's the tracking capsule working out ? it should be fine as long as he does n't get diarrhea ... '' OOPS I wonder if he heard that ? as they talk with the incapacitated maniac murderer is right next to them , THEN the maniac is on the lamb again and reveals that he knows who the main character is and is obviously going to go after his family , YET the secret agent main character cop does n't even think of that at all.I might try to return this and let them keep the amount needed to pay for the instant video that I watched , I ca n't imagine watching this ever again in my lifetime it 's so horrible .
 I purchased expecting to see the battle of good vs. evil inside a young man 's mind
 - Warning - There are spoilers in this review , because that 's really the only way to talk about what 's wrong with it.There were many good parts in `` I Saw the Devil '' , but ultimately the script writing failed this movie . The main character 's wife was killed too soon , and he caught the killer way way way too soon . There could have been an aspect of mystery , but there was n't even a hint of it . His father in law literally just gives him the names and pictures of 3 sex offenders , and one of them happens to be the killer . Then , since he 's captured the killer so early , and they do n't want to torture him for an hour of film time , he just lets him go . Yes , the idea 's original , and I could see this happen as he loves the thrill of the hunt . However , how he does it makes no sense . He just breaks the serial killer 's hand , and then lets him go kill and terrorize other people . If you 're going to let him go , at least cut his hands off so he ca n't kill people , or stay close to him , or take him to some sort of game preserve where you can be sure he ca n't kill anyone else . I would have wholly embraced more torture , but really the film was pretty tame . In the final act , the supposed climax , all the main character does is put out a cigarette in his face . stab a screwdriver through his cheek , and decapitate him . It just felt like a let down after so much build up . The majority of the movie is just so stupid and frustrating , especially when at one point the main character and his friend are talking within ear shot of the killer , and the guy explains his entire plan , how he was tracking the killer from place to place , and even who his murdered wife was -LRB- putting the rest of the family in imminent danger -RRB- while the killer is of course pretending to be asleep.It 's really horrible , because the actors are amazing in this film , and the action is great , they just needed a better writer .
 This is a beautifully-shot , intensely-acted film that , unfortunately , has no intrinsic merit . Long and nasty , it is disease on film , no matter how accomplished the film making . I feel diminished in my soul for having watched this . Kim soo-huan 's hunt for the killer in the beginning of the film was excellent . The rest was a waste . Referred to as a revenge/horror movie , the true horror is that the over-the-top violence becomes , ultimately , tedious .
 The psycho does n't look that mean or even if he 's a psychopath who does n't look like one that didnt come off either . Highlight of the film was when he turned tables on the good doctor I think because horror then had a frame of reference . hero or victims seem two dimentional card board cut outs I cant empathise with . This seems to be a recurring fault with Asian horror flicks . The flashing blood and gore ho-hum seen it before . The real crime is there is no real build up before killer comes comes out into the open . This film is leagues away from '' Audition '' now that 's scary . I wish someone would make a horror film on the life of H.H. Holmes and go into his torture and dismemberment rooms in Howard 's Castle that he built under everyones noses downtown Chigago doubled as a hotel at one point in contrast to life as a husband buisness man and doctor . Now that would be a flick.The hero detective boyfriend was true eye candy for an asian man that redeemed the film !!!!!!!!
 First and most importantly , DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE.I was looking for a movie that was a twist on the standard old revenge type movie . I think that 's what they were trying for but they got too caught up in the brutality.To be fair , the camera work and effects were well done . Most of the acting was well done . This was not just a splatter flick . I think that would not have been as bad . The point of a horror movie should be a sense of relief when you 're done watching it . It should even shake you up a little.This movie seems to be designed to make you hate life and mankind.I made myself watch the whole thing so I could be sure I am judging it correctly . It is not well conceived . Just before I threw it out , I cut the disk in half and I have never done that with a movie before.If I have to dig up something good to say about it , it would be that it really does illustrate just how truly awful it is to be a woman in a world with people like that in it . However , you can get that same point a hundred other ways . It is not worth viewing this movie to try to get that .
 Gory , unsettling , violent ! Could not finish ! I felt it was a waste of time and the kind of thing the younger generation should not be exposed to !
 I thoroughly enjoyed ` the good bad and the weird ' even if it was at the expense of the original masterpiece that inspired it . I thought ` old boy ' was a engaging film too , but `` I saw the devil ' is utter pretentious garbage.I kind of laugh in the same vein as that psycho killer , when I read other reviewers attempt to actually make anything more of this movie . As if its some sort of analytical masterpiece or something . pffttRevenge is pointless . Of course we know this . Read a comic book ? You 'd know this . blah blah blah . It tries to dress this very thrashed out premise with bucket loads of gritty and raw violence.Yeh The gore levels are pretty up there ... thats fine . The violence is actually school boy stuff compared to that other revenge film ` Irreversible ' by Noir.But what really annoys me about the violence is not the gore itself , its the realism of what is actually happening . If you put a steel wrench to a person 's head , you will kill them after 2-3 heavy blows . Its true . I cant remember how many times someone got their head bashed in with a metal rod , wrench , pipe , hammer , dumbell , only to wake up a few minutes later , or wake up in the hospital . pfft.You cant split someone 's jaw by wrenching it open with your bare hands . The force created by the leverage system that is your double hinged temporo-mandibular joints and the masseter muscles that work it are infinitely stronger than anything a super human could overcome with his fingers and elbow grease . Its a blooody joke.I know most of you will think this is beside the point , but honestly there was nothing else really going on for me . I constantly found myself questioning the realism , and I think I tend to catch myself doing that when a movie doesnt offer a reasonable story or idea .
 The story is so poorly written that I kept asking myself `` why he did n't just kill the serial killer when he had the chance ? why keep letting the murderer go so that he killed 10 more people ? Can someone call the police already ? Where are they ? Oh , I know , the movie director is in charge here ... '' It does n't make any sense !
 I decided to purchase this movie based on the high rating that it received . While watching this movie , I quickly regretted making the purchase . I love Asian movies , but this is one of the worst ones that I 've seen in recent years ; the story is weak and does n't really go anywhere.I felt like this movie was very unrealistic in the way the two main characters behaved . I really did n't feel any sympathy for the fiance of the murder victim because of the stupid decision that he made after finding out who the murderer was . I still do n't understand why it did that because it was n't explained well why he did that . There are much better and interesting things that he could have done to the killer to get his revenge.This movie is so weak and boring.It was poorly edited at times.It 's way too long and often feels repetitive.The movie really relies more on graphic violence than a well-written script.The only positive things about this movie is the acting and the violence , however , these could n't outshine the poorly written script.Save your money and time by not buying or watching this movie . If you want to watch a great Korean film about a serial killer , watch `` The Chaser '' or `` Memories of Murder '' . These two movies are 10 times better than this awful movie .
 Do n't waste your time with this over 140 min . long sleeping pill.Not enough blood , action , suspense.It lacks everything.Bad actors act worse displaying stupid characters.After 30 min . you know how this movie will end and it does just like that , even worse.You maybe like it if you 're into asian chick flicks .
 The video was of subpar quality , due to the amateur photographers . Overall not a very good video . Will be looking for a better quality video .
 Yep ... Part 1 . Ca n't even imagine how there could be a Part 2 . I did n't learn a thing from this one . I think I wasted my time on this flick !
 A few people decided to go out into the woods of Arizona and use a standard VHS camera , yes a VHS camera -LRB- in 2008 -RRB- to document some made-up foot prints of a Sasquatch . The dialog , sound mixing and story line are just plain bad . It 's almost worth renting for $ 1.99 to see how badly some things can be produced .
 FUTUREWORLD -LRB- 1976 -RRB- is the cheesy low-budget rip-off sequel to WESTWORLD -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , and reminds me of the many low-budget rip-off sequels to PLANET OF THE APES from the same era.FUTUREWORLD holds up much more poorly to time than WESTWORLD , mainly because it trys to use too many technological gimmicks , which look silly 30 years later.WESTWORLD was a far higher-quality production , coming from a main studio -LRB- this one came from a 2nd rate studio -RRB- . WESTWORLD was directed by Michael Chricton , and was much more realistic and `` scary '' than this movie - especially the role of the Yul Brynner character.Some of the sets are simply awful - I especially loathe the one where the main characters keep coming out from behind a metal grate . Look at the box structure the metal grate is built into - what is the purpose of it being there ? ... and look at the wall behind it - it is a metal rollup door -LRB- it was probably kept half rolled up , and the characters probably ducked under the other side to get into the box structure ! -RRB- ... in the context of the movie set , the whole thing makes no sense , and looks absolutely absurd considering how much screentime it gets.Oh , and other than the weak performance by Peter Fonda and small appearances by Yul Brynner , the movies ' cast list looks like the guest star list from all the episodes of that year 's THE ROCKFORD FILES TV program ... we even have Stuart Margolin -LRB- Angel -RRB- playing a main part !
 Although the mini-description contains a link to `` Watch Instantly Now '' , streaming to computer is not available on the movie page , can only buy or rent it .
 It was very much anticipated after the success of `` Westworld '' that this movie would be just as good as the original . Sorry to say that it does n't do any good ! Yul Brenner is only in this movie for about 2 minutes , and that 's in a dream sequence !! Do n't waste your time on purchasing or watching this retread ! It 's a waste of time and money !!
 The VHS tape I received from two different vendors was very bad in both cases . This tape from Goodtimes appears to be about a third generation copy . The label on the tape just has a place to write in the movie name instead of being preprinted like the better movies I have received . The picture quality is grainy with sparkles around the edges and a flatness to peoples faces.I tried a different vendor who said theirs was from Warner Home Video , but when the tape came it was also a Goodtimes video . Now I will be eating the shipping charges to send it back.I suggest that everyone avoid anything made by Goodtimes and that ... . and any other vendors avoid them , too .
 Beware , Beware , I have purchased 2 VHS versions of this film and both copies were very dodgy and both tapes were from Goodtimes Video , all I can say is just check before you buy a tape from Goodtimes because the tape quality will be very ordinary .
 The Bottom Line : Westworld is n't one of the greatest movies ever made but it gives the viewer a sense of vicarious pleasure and intrigue through the world of Delos , not to mention a riveting chase sequence near the end ; by contrast , Futureworld is lacking in almost anything interesting and has long , long sequences in which people stand around and talk without anything interesting to say .2 / 4
 FUTUREWORLD is really not a bad follow-up to WESTWORLD , but Goodtimes Home Video makes viewing this film a very bad-time . The only thing good about it is seeing Yul Brynner back if this is the only way we can get to see him . He was very good if only for a short segment in this film . Hard to recommend this version at all .
 Walled-In -LRB- 2009 -RRB- does provide some twisted minor thrills , but despite having four writers , the story makes almost no logical sense . Director Gilles Paquet-Brenner is in charge of this mess that features Mischa Barton -LRB- The O.C. -RRB- , as Samantha Walczak , of the firm Walczak and Sons -LRB- where are the sons ? -RRB- who are in the business of demolishing buildings . Her job is to determine the best way to demolish an ugly , monolithic apartment building , located in an isolated area , in an unspecified American location.The structure was designed by architect Joseph Malestrazza -LRB- Pascal Greggory -RRB- , who apparently had some radical ideas regarding building materials , as some fifteen years prior -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , human bodies were discovered inside the concrete walls of the structure . One of the dead , was the husband of the building 's current caretaker Mary Sutter -LRB- Deborah Kara Unger -RRB- , who along with her teenage son Jimmy -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- , are among the handful , still residing in the condemned structure . Jimmy is enamored with Sam , and their developing ` relationship ' is about all there is happening here , besides Sam wandering around the halls measuring , and painting red X 's where the demo charges are supposed to go . Events suddenly take a dramatic turn in the film 's final act , as matters descend into a dark twisted opera.Relying on ` atmosphere ' and ignoring reality , pretentious , melodramatic , drivel like this , insults the intelligence of the audience . The setting is unique , but not in a credible way . The unattractive building is supposed to have been the home for hundreds of people , yet there is n't even a paved road to the place . There are no visible utility poles , so power and communication service apparently gets there via underground lines . Hardly likely . The building is built alongside a lake ? Tricky to do , but possible . The structure is n't compliant with building code , as it has no elevator , landscaping , fire alarm system , exterior lighting , or covered parking . It does however have crappy lighting , hidden shafts and passages , some restless spirits , a totally wacked out roof -LRB- are those solar panels ? -RRB- , and an overall design that would never have been approved by any competent building department in the USA . The building 's biggest ` secret ' , just could never happen.Sam Walczak is laughable as an engineer . This job is her big test as a professional , yet she knows absolutely nothing about the history of the building , and has to rely on a kid for information . The term ` blueprint ' is archaic , referring to a process that has not been used for decades . Explosive charges are typically placed to destroy structural members , usually columns . A structural wall does not crumble when hit with an axe , so there 's no point painting an X to plant a charge there . Sam is working in a low light environment , exploring unlighted shafts , but does n't even have a flashlight.Mischa Barton does what she can , but the script is appallingly awful . Cameron Bright does a good job as an annoying , creepy kid , but unfortunately the best acting that Deborah Kara Unger does , is in the humorous making of featurette , where she talks about how great the film is .
 There seemed to be a bit of promise with Walled In , especially considering the film 's opening sequence and the creepy atmosphere offered up by the building most of the film takes place in , but alas , the film as a whole is a rather bland and boring affair . The OC 's Mischa Barton stars as a demolition agent employed to research said creepy building for future demolishment , only to discover the building 's -LRB- and its architect 's -RRB- dark secrets and be obsessed over by a creepy teen -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- . While Walled In does have a lot going for it , and Barton is actually pretty decent in the lead , the film just plods along in its relative predictability , until finally concluding in a pretty laughable ending . Still , the gloomy atmosphere does give Walled In a bit of redeeming value , but in the end , there really is n't much here to recommend .
 There seemed to be a bit of promise with Walled In , especially considering the film 's opening sequence and the creepy atmosphere offered up by the building most of the film takes place in , but alas , the film as a whole is a rather bland and boring affair . The OC 's Mischa Barton stars as a demolition agent employed to research said creepy building for future demolishment , only to discover the building 's -LRB- and its architect 's -RRB- dark secrets and be obsessed over by a creepy teen -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- . While Walled In does have a lot going for it , and Barton is actually pretty decent in the lead , the film just plods along in its relative predictability , until finally concluding in a pretty laughable ending . Still , the gloomy atmosphere does give Walled In a bit of redeeming value , but in the end , there really is n't much here to recommend .
 Ho-hum boring snooze fest . Neat building is scheduled for demolition , the story of who lives in said building and it 's past . The Demo expert Sam -LRB- Mischa Barton -RRB- who is brought in to take down the behemoth , becomes stroke fodder for teen boy who lives in the building with his nut job mother -LRB- deborah kara unger -RRB- . The teen boy ends up falling in love with the pretty demo girl and it 's all down hill from here . Good acting and a cool setting can not save this slow and tired story , as nothing really happens other then you are the one who feels walled in . I just kept checking the clock to see if time really had come to a complete stand still or maybe I had just slipped into a coma from boredom . Do not waist your time on this one .
 Walled-In -LRB- 2009 -RRB- does provide some twisted minor thrills , but despite having four writers , the story makes almost no logical sense . Director Gilles Paquet-Brenner is in charge of this mess that features Mischa Barton -LRB- The O.C. -RRB- , as Samantha Walczak , of the firm Walczak and Sons -LRB- does she have brothers ? -RRB- who are in the business of demolishing buildings . Her job is to determine the best way to demolish an ugly , monolithic apartment building , located in an isolated area , in an unspecified American location.The structure was designed by architect Joseph Malestrazza -LRB- Pascal Greggory -RRB- , who apparently had some radical ideas regarding building materials , as some fifteen years prior -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , human bodies were discovered inside the concrete walls of the structure . One of the dead , was the husband of the building 's current caretaker Mary Sutter -LRB- Deborah Kara Unger -RRB- , who along with her teenage son Jimmy -LRB- Cameron Bright -RRB- , are among the handful , still residing in the condemned structure . Jimmy is enamored with Sam , and their developing ` relationship ' is about all there is happening here , besides Sam wandering around the halls measuring , and painting red X 's where the demo charges are supposed to go . Events suddenly take a dramatic turn in the film 's final act , as matters descend into a dark twisted opera.Relying on ` atmosphere ' and ignoring reality , pretentious , melodramatic , drivel like this , insults the intelligence of the audience . The setting is unique , but not in a credible way . The unattractive building is supposed to have been the home for hundreds of people , yet there is n't even a paved road to the place . There are no visible utility poles , so power and communication service apparently gets there via underground lines . Most unlikely . The building is built alongside a lake ? Tricky to do , but possible . The structure is n't compliant with building code , as it has no elevator , landscaping , fire alarm system , exterior lighting or covered parking . It does however have crappy lighting , hidden shafts and passages , some restless spirits , a totally wacked out roof -LRB- are those solar panels ? -RRB- , and an overall design that would never have been built . The building 's biggest ` secret ' , just could never happen.Sam Walczak is laughable as an engineer . This is her big test as a professional , yet she knows absolutely nothing about the history of the building , and has to rely on a kid for information . The term ` blueprint ' is archaic , referring to a process that has not been used for decades . A structural wall does not crumble when hit with an axe , so there 's no point painting an X there . She 's afraid of the dark -LRB- who is n't ? -RRB- , and is working in a low light environment , going down unlighted shafts , but does n't even have a flashlight ? Mischa Barton does what she can , but the script is appallingly awful . Cameron Bright does a good job as an annoying , creepy kid , but unfortunately the best acting that Deborah Kara Unger does , is in the humorous making of featurette , where she talks about how great the film is . Where did her career go ?
 This movie was horrible.There was no chemistry between any of the cast members , and although the acting was okay , the writing was ghastly.It was about as thrilling as someone reading a cereal box onscreen . I was n't at any moment frightened by the haunted `` architect '' or whatever he was supposed to be , I was just psychological bored . When I was n't naturally asleep , that is .
 This was a terrible documentary because there was no story.The primary problem was that there was absolutely no dramatic need created by the storytelling . I did n't care about the outcome at any point in the film , nor did the three other people who watched it with me . If the filmmaker ever reads this review , I would recommend that he reads an excellent book called A Story Is A Promise by Bill Johnson which holds the keys to all good storytelling.Content-wise the film consisted mostly of staged training shots of GSP and/or Loiseau and general information about GSP and Loiseau . The information was only connected by a timeline of events . Since the Ufc did not allow any of their footage to be shown , the viewer gets to watch some of the build up to the fight - mostly shot in retrospect - and then has to settle for a one-sentence synopsis of the outcome of the fight rather than getting to watch it . There are n't even highlights - nothing.I also found the music to be quite repetitive and melodramatic , but that was likely just an effect of not being drawn into the story .
 The history of Polanski 's legal troubles have a lot more twists and turns than I was aware of before watching this film . As the teaser on the cover of the DVD says , `` The truth could n't fit in the headlines . '' But the way the filmmakers present it is really sloppy and confusing . I kept wanting to have some context for these events in Polanksi 's life and career , but the film did n't present a clear chronology , especially at the beginning . And the things it left out were really mind-boggling . For example , an extended segment talks about his wife 's murder
 Asking that question above do you think the sycophantic sympathy of the documentary makers and most of the reviews on here would have given him any slack ? Please they would have sharpened the knives and stood inline for days to get in a whack . The most sickening thing about this is the way statute of limitations has been used to excuse or defend Polanski by his admirers , you could use those excuses with a lot of RC Priests undeservingly if you wanted to be a first class hypocrite of the worst sort . After the revealing of log standing sexual abuse by Allison Arngrim and Corey Feldman after Corey Haim 's suicide . After Martin Weiss has been charged in LA for sexual abuse , after Fernando Rivas of Sesame street was charged with sexual abuse and child pornography and finally registered sex offender Jason James Murphy worked as a casting agent for years before his past kidnapping and sexual abuse . So where is the outrage and investigation of Hollywood on the scale of the priesthood ? Is there any doubt that pop cultures fans and the media are looking the other way and ignoring a scandal the way certain RC Bishops did , merely because they share the same political beliefs ? It needs to be aired out because Hollywood is the most corrupt and greedy hypocrites that ever exihisted and have the gall to preach to everyone else .
 The evidence is there , the girl made her statement , the drug tests were conclusive , medical examinations show evidence , regardless of your opinions of his films , the fact remains he raped a little girl , maybe she was hollywood and maybe her mom put her in a bad position -LRB- I am of the opinion she should should have been charged as well , negligence and child endangerment -RRB- but in the end he had a choice to help the girl or to help himself to the girl.She was drugged and she was raped . Roman Polanski perpetrated it . Innocent men do n't run.The movie is well made but one sided in it 's presentation of the facts , no small wonder it was put together by a group of both sycophants and actors who 's careers are dead or dying.They should call this movie `` in defense of child rape '' or `` it 's not rape if your famous . ''
 Throughout his relationship with Sharon Tate , Roman was completely unfaithful and as often as possible . His lack of integrity and disrespect towards women in general has always disgusted me . It was said that Sharon thought having a baby would make Roman finally show her some respect and was very hurt when she realized nothing was going to change him . He always copped out and said `` well Sharon knew what I was like '' or `` she said she did n't want to change me '' . All the while he knew how she really felt . I 'm sure when they first met Sharon was naive and said a lot of things about relationships that were considered cool for the times , but everyone who knew the two of them personally also knew that his behavior hurt her . He 's a male version of a slut and a total narcissist . I 'm glad he finally got some karma action by getting tossed in prison and then prevented from returning to the U.S. . Some years after Sharon 's death he said one thing that really shows what he 's like , `` It 's good that Sharon died before our love could die '' or something very , very close to that . Incredibly stupid . He thinks anything he says is pure art . He really must have thought that was a clever statement . Sharon wasted her time and she wasted her life on this pathetic excuse for a man . He 's simply a pervert .
 If you 're a lawyer or you 're somehow related with American legal issues , this was done for you . On the contrary , if you look for an insight of Polanski as an artist , his works and viewpoints on life and human nature , you 've certainly made a bad choice . This is an overlong , tedious exposition on Polanski 's prosecution on child abuse that might interest viewers who deal with matters of the law . Here , Roman Polanski is a mere object of controversy with legal accusations who could have perfectly been any other person . His artistic talent and creations are not the main subject . The movie simply delivers countless legal details on the impeachment irrelevant to his artistic skills.As an admirer of this great director , I feel dissapointed and certainly I would not recommend it since it adds absolutely nothing to understand his vision of the world . Besides being boring , it 's not very well crafted , resembling a mediocre thesis done by an average cinema student .
 Since 1883 , the Hotel Chelsea in New York City has been considered to be the center of the universe by bohemian culture vultures . It has been the hostelry of choice for the holiest of hipster saints over the years , housing just about anybody who was anybody in the upper echelons of poets , writers , playwrights , artists , actors , directors , musicians and free thinkers over the past century . Some checked in whenever they were in town , and some lived as residents for years on end . Some checked out forever within its walls -LRB- most notably Dylan Thomas and Sid Vicous ' ill-fated girlfriend , Nancy Spungen -RRB- . Of course , not every single resident was a luminary , but chances always were that they were someone who had a story or two to tell . Abel Ferrara , a director who has been known to spin a sordid New York tale or two -LRB- `` China Girl '' , `` Bad Lieutenant '' , `` King of New York '' , `` The Funeral '' -RRB- has attempted to paint a portrait of the hotel with his new documentary , `` Chelsea on the Rocks '' - with mixed results.Blending interviews with current residents with archival footage and docu-drama vignettes , Ferrara tackles this potentially intriguing subject matter in frustrating fits and starts . He never decides whether he wants to offer up a contextualized history , an impressionistic study , or simply a series of `` So tell me your favorite Chelsea anecdote '' stories -LRB- ranging from genuinely funny or harrowing to banal and/or incomprehensible -RRB- . The most fascinating parts of the film to me were the relatively brief bits of archival footage . For instance , a fleeting 15 or 20 second clip of Andy Warhol and William Burroughs sharing a little repast in one of the hotel 's rooms vibes much more of the essence of what the Chelsea was `` about '' in its heyday than -LRB- for the sake of argument -RRB- a seemingly endless present-day segment with director Milos Forman holding court and swapping memories with Ferrara in the lobby , during which neither manages to say anything of much interest to anyone but each other . There is a lack of judicious editing in the film , and therein lies its fatal flaw . Ferrara has an annoying habit of jabbering on in the background while his interviewees are speaking , to the point where it starts to feel too `` inside '' and exclusionary to the viewer . This is exacerbated by the fact that no present-day interviewees are identified . While some of them were easy for me to spot -LRB- Robert Crumb , Ethan Hawke , Dennis Hopper and the aforementioned Milos Forman -RRB- the majority of them were otherwise obscure -LRB- perhaps I 'd recognize them from their work , if I at least had a name -RRB- . You get the impression that the director made this film for himself and his circle of peers , and it 's a case of `` Well , if you are n't part of the New York art scene and have to ask who these people are , then you obviously are n't hip enough for the room . '' He lures you into the lobby , but alas , ca n't convince you to check in for the night .
 Oh . . I really really HATED this movie . I LOVE the Chesea Hotel , and have been there many times . I LOVE Janis Joplin . I LOVE R.Crumb . I love all things Warhol . I love the history of Dylans Thomas and Bob . But what I HATE HATE HATE are the dreaded `` recreation '' scenes that those who brought about this film inexplicably decided to employ . Unless you 're recreating a battle scene with 1000 nameless faceless extras , or you 're Merly Streep , recreation scenes NEVER work . The main reason for this is that they ALWAYS get the famous person they 're recreating WRONG . . so wrong that anyone with a glimmer of knowledge or history about whover it is they are recreating can only burst out laughing , when they 're not just being insulted . The film would have maybe been just fine without these horrendous lapses in judgement . Also. , . there is NOTHING worse than a talentless person who thinks they are an `` artist . '' Art is subjective you say ?? , open to varied interpretation ? Yes , that is true . But lack of talent is NOT subjective . . it is glaringly , blazingly apparent , as evidenced by a thousand screeching monsters bellowing into microphones , assaulting their victims at clubs and street corners and cafes and bus stations across the country . At big town and small town `` art '' shows that feature unending , hideous wastes of canvas , paint , wood , metal , or any number of materials and supplies . Mix this with a person who is intentionally `` eccentric '' , a `` character '' , with their bangles , beads , piercings , tattoos , braids , whirling skirts , multi-colored hair , unmastered instruments , brain dead rap , bad poetry , and `` intensity '' , . . all screaming . . `` LOOK AT ME ! . . NOTICE ME !! '' ... and you are in HELL . Watching this movie , I was . It 's enough to make me want to spend my next vacation in Branson , Mo. . You know , as a kid growing up in the ancient Baby Boomer era , there were approximately 157 famous people on the entire planet ... there are now about 300 million . Mr. Warhol was SO correct re
 This dvd was a dud - it did not work at all . I was not sure how to get a replacement for it .
 too much minutiae ... the intent from the outset is to blow up a bridge and it finally happens as the movie ends ... the actual event is drawn out to make it exciting and it seems phony ... great actors though ...
 The most annoying part of the mvie is the casting . Robert Jordan is supposed to be a young blonde man , in his late 20 's about , and Maria is supposed to be a 19 year old Spanish girl . Obviously , the movie missed that . The other actors fit farely well , but a lot of the accents were horrible.Also , the book always seemed to somehow use the love between Maria and Robert as a subplot . Robert 's conflict with Pablo was just as important . The movie , however , is purely a love story . Overall I thought the book was decent , but slow moving . The movie was worse . Almost 3 hours of nothing.On a final note , to the person who said Jordan should be showing some signs of pain , and that it 's ridiculous that he 's so calm , read the book . His nerve is severed from the break . Ca n't feel a thing .
 July 11 , 2012I purchased For Whom the Bell Tolls on June 3 , 2012 and have been unable to view the movie after several attempts to do so . I have tried two other DVD players with the same results . The screen remains blank . I tried to use your Easy Return Policy to no avail . It just brings me round and round in circles . I respectfully request a replacement of the video or a credit to my account whichever you deem appropriate.Thank you for your prompt attention to this request.Normand R.Gamache57 Wellesley Dr. , Somerset , MA 02726e-mail address:norgam2@Verizon.net
 Well , the last 15 minutes or so redeem what is otherwise a rather tedious movie . In fact , I nodded off a couple of times there . -LRB- Great that a DVD can back up to replay the part you missed . -RRB- I know , I know , Ernest Hemingway and all that . But your college English professor does n't know what movies you watch . And do n't trust it for information about the book
 This movie moved me to turn it off after an excruciatingly boring 20 minutes -- a complete waste of time and money .
 George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and Linda -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- are a pretentious NY couple . When their jobs go south , so do they , to live with Paul 's uncouth brother -LRB- Ken Marino -RRB- in Atlanta . Unable to live with him , they opt to go live in a hippy commune . As it turns out the members are not as likeable as George originally thought and one has designs on his wife.I kept waiting for the film to become funny and break out of its predictable mold . It never did . Perhaps the funniest thing was Aniston ranting about Penguins being killed by global warming and living with the seals and polar bears in the Arctic . I did n't know if it was intended to show Aniston 's character was stupid or the writer of the script was stupid . Penguins do n't live in the Arctic . And since no one at HBO caught the goof while watching her film , I bet it was a stupid mistake made by writers who are not smarter than a fifth grader.I was bored for most of the film.Parental Guide
 I had to stop the movie about fifty minutes in , I was actually becoming embarrassed for the actors , especially Theroux , his character was the cringeworthiest . The movie is great for film students wanting to learn how NOT to portray a romantic interest , because they made Theroux so foolish that I ca n't imagine how he 'll receive future roles or be considered attractive . Or maybe I 'm wrong , Aniston seems to star in failure after failure and works steadily , so ... Very , very unfunny and just plain strange movie , its shocking that they released it at all . And , though I was pleasantly surprised to see a few of the cast members from the ancient MTV comedy show The State -LRB- which I enjoyed , I think I was the only one -RRB- , I know that movies which they star in are usually not so great , so I was immediately suspicious , and my suspicions were correct.I have no idea if they -- The State members , wrote the script , and I do n't even care enough to find out , but I will tell you this ; I truly could have gone without seeing one of The State members in full frontal nudity scenes , I 'm not prudishly opposed to nudity , I just do n't want to see him naked , thank you very much , its just too weird . And finally , it was hard to watch an incredible actor like Alan Alda in this film , for a lot of reasons .
 -- And not even worthy of one star -LRB- but Amazon forces you to choose a rating , so hence -- my one-star feedback -RRB- . Oy . What a disaster . Unless , of course , you 're Ms. Aniston or Mr. Rudd who are laughing all the way to the bank with their this-script-beyond-sucks-but-holy-crap-you 'll - pay-me-how-much paychecks . This lame piece of junk is just a bunch of tired cliches tied together with continuous punches of look-at-how-vulgar-we-can-be that is being marketed as `` clever . '' I 'm no prude , but this is not even good bad humor . It 's just ... TOTAL BLAH . Bottom line
 It made me cry because I did n't want to keep watching it , but I felt I had to because I paid for it . Terrible acting , the plot was horrid and I feel like I got dumber from watching it .
 However , it was okay . But it 's one of those movies where stupid things just keep happening . Gets old after a while .
 I thought this would be a great movie because Jennifer Aniston was in it . I also loved the title but the movie turned about to be weird . The character 's character changed abruptly and it was difficult to tell if they were being sarcastic or if they really changed -LRB- for a few minutes -RRB- .
 I was hoping it was going to be a funny movie . A lot of people from The State were in it so I knew it was going to be funny . Not so much . It had moments . I love Paul Rudd and thought he could be the reason the movie would be great ... he was n't . I enjoyed watching the movie but probably wo n't watch it again .
 It had a solid cast , a few jokes but overall I was rather disappointed in its drawn out storyline and failure to capture my attention . I think while watching it I kept checking Facebook to see if anything else was more entertaining than this movie .
 The only reason I had to watch this Movie was because it stars my Favorite Lady of Hollywood , Jennifer Anniston , and I was also curious about her new Fiance , Justin Theroux , who is by the way a HUNK , and he also made the Movie really funny . It is a Corky , Screwball , Left Field Foul Ball of a Movie but it had its moments . If your a die hard Jennifer Anniston fan then yeah , you got ta see it , if not then do n't waste your time . 2 StarsRobin , Athens , Georgia
 Only one word , awful . The only thing positive is that it shows just how screwed up the hippy movement was . I was in my teens when that experiment began and I was totally turned off .
 Not worth the time . Good actors but that 's about it - I expected more , especially after watching the funny preview . I stopped watching after a while ...
 I am not a prude . I watch lots of slasher movies including the first 3 from the saw franchise so I am not overly squeamish . Wanderlust however made me so nauseous that I lost my cookies in a big way . They kept describing smells ... and then when the main character started talking dirty to himself in the mirror I just lost it . Might just be me but I doubt it . In the outtakes he even said he was grossing himself out . Maybe if I had n't spent time in a commune myself back in the 70 's the descriptions of the smells would n't have come across so vividly for me , but I would n't watch it again . I am curious to know if anyone else reacted like I did .
 When a pair of New Yorkers are unexpectedly unemployed , they set out for his brother 's home in Georgia . There is an entertaining travel montage
 This movie was predictable from the beginning , crude and just plain bad . I would never recommend this movie or watch it again .
 The movie was funny and I liked it , but about middle ways it started acting up . It took a long time to get to the end . It would stop and start ... a lot
 That by far was the worse movie Jennifer every made . I watch the previews of Chelsea lately and they promoted it to be the funniest movie that year . Boy , were they wrong .
 I could n't even make it past the 30 minute mark before I shut this off . The characters were stereotypical and not well developed . Each character from the brother to the brother 's wife , were one-dimensional . The plot could have been written by anyone and the dialog was -LRB- at least for the first 30 minutes -RRB- predictable and boring.I 'm okay with crude jokes but they need to be clever for me to like them.There was nothing clever about this movie .
 I was completely disappointed in this film . I consider myself a Paul Rudd fan but I find myself questioning his mindset when he chose to act in this movie . From start to finish the movie drags on and on . This is one of those movies where you just hope it ends as soon as possible . It really is that awful ! You are warned !
 This is the worst movie I have seen . I was about to throw the TV out the window . Dont waste your money on it . Wait until its on TNT !
 The blue ray is fine but the regular DVD was n't included . The whole reason I bought it was for both and I only got the one . Little disappointing .
 The first half of the film surprisingly had some creative novel funnies and not the usual spiel that has been pulled out of the writer 's file cabinet where it is filed as `` been done & said untold times before '' for the sucker born every minute . But the last half of the movie just dragged with a predictable and repetitive storyline . Another example of writers not having enough creative range to fill out and then finish their script.Movies about a return to hippie , commune , peace & love living emerge from either LA or NY writers about every five years so we were due for this rendition . This one had mostly an east coast vibe largely because of the quirky `` dumb blonde '' hook filled as usual by Aniston although , admittedly , she performed the role quite well . Now that I think about it , I 'm not sure if that 's a compliment or not . Subplot and foil to the quirky blonde was the usual income & status driven male love interest as counterpoint to her now stereotypic quirk portrayals . The hIppies , of course , win the day against the evil developers & bankers , in showing that veggies rule over bank accounts and portfolios . Well , until push comes to shove.Restricted Rating Warning : It 's surprising how rarely full nudity is found in film given it 's inherently curious we are about the subject . Must be effective lobbying from Christian/Islamic/Hebrew doctrine keepers to hide such evil from the public . Church knows best , and their resources/influences run deep . No models - just the body next door . Adding fuel to the fire are drugs and obnoxious , self-interested behavior -LRB- greed -RRB- .
 Paul Rudd must have a particular fondness for hippies because he seems to love either playing them or playing off them . They make for relatively easy laughs and breezy comedies , similar to Rudd 's performance as the free-spirited moron in last year 's Our Idiot Brother . Hippies are fun , and they make for relatively soft targets for a likable actor like Rudd . Wanderlust , the latest comedy from the Judd Apatow umbrella , has Rudd paired up with a familiar face in Jennifer Aniston . Even though the two have n't done a movie together since 1998 's The Object of My Affection , they spent plenty of time together on the set of Friends . Their chemistry together is on point , and the bulk of the film 's laughs come between one another . Separately , Wanderlust succumbs to a drowsy script that ca n't overcome the slight plot.George -LRB- Rudd -RRB- and Linda -LRB- Aniston -RRB- are a seemingly happy married couple devoted to the idea of setting up their lives in bustling New York City . He 's a businessman of some sort , while she just seems to be drifting from career to career . At this point she wants to be a documentary film maker ... about penguins with terminal cancer . It does n't go well . But their commitment is strong , and are pushed by a hilariously unscrupulous real estate agent -LRB- Linda Lavin !! -RRB- into buying a high priced `` micro-loft '' , which turns out to be a closet sized studio apartment . George almost immediately loses his job , whatever it was , and unable to afford the lifestyle , they find themselves headed to Atlanta to stay with his scummy but successful brother -LRB- Ken Marino -RRB- . Disaster strikes during the interminable road trip , in the form of a hairy nudist -LRB- Joe Lo Truglio -RRB- and his floppy man sack chasing them into a freak accident . Forced to stay at the ironically named Elysium Bed & Breakfast , they discover that it 's actually a hippie commune , or as its leader Seth -LRB- Justin Theroux -RRB- calls it , an `` intentional community '' . The big city folks quickly fall in love with the relaxed nature and the close-knit bonds forged among the denizens , and after a wild night of drinking , pot smoking , and being treated like beatnik royalty , George and Linda feel they 've found a new home.No more stress , no more reliance on technology , and no more barriers.Basically every hippie joke you can think of becomes an instant factor , whether it 's farm animals turning up in the oddest places , wacky acid trips , and shocking infringements on one 's personal space . It 's all stuff you 've seen before , but Rudd and an excellent supporting cast do their best to make it work . You know from the start that Seth has his eyes on Linda , who is acclimating to the group better than George ever could hope to . You know where it 's going , but Theroux shines as the manliest guy in a town full of pacifists.Rudd nearly saves the day , however , especially as George 's perceptions of the group begin to shift from enthusiastic follower to caustic observer . Tempted by a free lovin ' sex pot -LRB- Malin Akerman -RRB- , George is willing to give up good food , bathroom privacy , and his favorite local coffee to give the lifestyle a shot . If only Rudd help from a better script , one which was n't so devoted to skit show cliches . Too often the film feels razor thin , like screenwriters Ken Marino and director David Wain came up with the idea on the fly to do a hippie movie , but never got past the conceptual stage . Basically , it 's like they just assembled a talented group of comedic heavyweights and said `` Have at it '' . Not everybody is capable of making chicken salad out of chicken crap the way Rudd can , and unfortunately too many scenes do n't work for that very reason . It 's sad to watch the great Alan Alda wasting away with a one-note bit that is never funny , yet repeated over and over again as if we 'll suddenly change our minds about it . Sometimes that works , but not often.A look at the trailers for the film show a number of scenes that were apparently left on the cutting room floor , which makes the inclusion of some of the worst jokes utterly confusing . George 's excruciating , profanity-laden attempts to psych himself up for some guilt free sex is a serious low point . It 's only matched by a mother who gives birth to a baby right at George 's feet , then proceeds to lug the placenta around like luggage . Why is this funny?Nearly all of the offensively lame attempts at humor come in the second half of the film , when it appears that Wain and Co. basically threw in the towel . For the first hour or so , Wanderlust moves at a solid pace , letting it 's two charming leads tell what was a clever fish-out-of-water story . Too bad it all vanishes in a puff of smoke .
 Rudd has no leading man qualities . Few actors can make you long for the talents of Ben Stiller , but Rudd is one of them . As a second lead , great . -LRB- 40 yr old virgin , for example -RRB- But as a lead ? no way . Aniston plays a post-collegiate 20-something who is trying to find herself . Of course , Aniston is 40 + . And that 's only the start of the `` R U Kidding Me '' stupidity of Wanderlust . This movie will be remembered as one of the increasingly annoying films from the shallow talent pool of Judd Aptow 's stable of boy-men . A talent-less snooze fest .
 Horrible movie , it appears to be made by a bunch of teen boys that have never been with a girl . It really sucks and would never show this movie to anyone that is under age . Would have expected more from this cast.Not good .
 This was a really bad movie . We think Anniston made it so she could be with her boyfriend , but it was n't funny at all and we wasted our money by renting it .
 A man is shown in full-frontal nudity repeatedly in the movie -LRB- the man holding up a glass in the picture above -RRB- . Near the end of the movie , a bunch of old men are also shown in full-frontal . However , there is little female nudity in the movie.There is a scene in which the Jennifer Aniston character and a bunch of other women take off their tops at a protest to get the attention of TV news cameras . The audience only sees a blurred-view . More female nudity would have made the movie more entertaining . Especially that scene.Some of the humor is contrived . The writers seem to think going on-and-on with a joke makes it funnier , but it does n't . When the Paul Rudd character has a chance to sleep with a good-looking woman with the permission of his wife -LRB- wife played by Jennifer Aniston -RRB- he is so nervous that he keeps saying strange things until the woman changes her mind . It 's unclear why the Paul Rudd character , who is level-headed most of the time , and has experience sleeping with a good-looking woman -LRB- his wife -RRB- , would get so nervous that he says strange things.There is another joke which goes on-and-on in which male TV new-reporters harrass a female reporter while on-the-air . This also gets less funny and less believable as it proceeds.The hippie characters are repeatedly referred to as vegan , but the Jennifer Aniston character is taught by them to milk a goat at the start of the movie . Vegans do n't drink milk . This discrepancy is n't explained . Nor are we told much about the food eaten at the commune . A message of the movie is eat meat instead of unspecified vegan food.Near the end of the movie , one of the hippies physically assaults the Paul Rudd character , and the other hippies just stand by . A hippie woman says that they believe in non-violence and so ca n't interfere . As if they could n't grab the assailant . If you want to see hippies ridiculed in this way -LRB- and other ways -RRB- , then rent the movie .
 I 'll watch a silly movie every now and then ... . this was unbearably bad . I just do n't understand what Jennifer Anniston and Paul Rudd were thinking !
 Could n't even finish this movie it was so bad . It will be a long time before I try another Aniston movie .
 This movie was bad to the bone . I can not believe how low some actors have gone for work . Not funny , not cute , nothing ...
 This movie was so sexual graphic I would never recommend it to anyone . It was border soft porn . Horrible movie !
 Wanderlust is a lazy comedy about a New York couple George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and Linda -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- who find themselves unemployed and unable to pay for their too small-too expensive studio apartment - excuse me - microloft that they have just purchased . So they decide to abandon it and head south to Atlanta for a job that George 's unbearable older brother Rick has set up for him . Along the way , they make a side stop at a kind of hippie bed and breakfast called Elysium . The commune is populated with all the stereotypical characters you see in comedies that poke fun of hippie culture . George takes a shine to it at first with its feel good , let it all go philosophy . Linda hates it of course . But they must have money so they proceed to Rick 's house where poor George is subjected to Rick 's lectures and overbearing nature because Rick is the success and George is n't . So they decide to head back to the commune where the tables turn and Linda starts loving the place and George hates it.Why ? Because Linda has taken a shine to Elysium 's alpha male Seth -LRB- Justin Theroux -RRB- and the prospect of free love with him . George is put off despite the promise of sex himself with the very attractive Eva -LRB- Malin Akerman -RRB- . In a cringe inducing moment , George actually has to psyche himself up for it by talking dirty to himself in the mirror and then torpedoes the whole thing when he ca n't stop talking dirty to Eva turning her off . Of course why would any one need extra encouragement when it 's Malin Akerman ? Oh well.Then there 's some artificial drama concerning a big corporation wanting to take over the land Elysium is on . That leads to your typical plot twist about who 's helping them -LRB- hint
 Worst movie I 've seen in 5 years ! The police department should use this movie as an interrogation tool . After 5 minutes I would confess .
 The best part of this video is some of the outdoor scenes . The plot is rediculous and the acting is mediocre.I would not recommend it unless you like to see a naked man .
 I think it is stupid I have to write 18 words to rate a movie . I think the stars should be enough .
 Linda -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- and George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- have it all -- great jobs , a wonderful marriage and a shiny new microloft in the heart of New York City in which to toast their success . Well , that is until George loses his job and Linda 's documentary is passed up on by HBO . So now what 's a hip , happening couple to do ? Taken in by George 's douchey brother , they struggle to find their place in the world . After a refreshing overnight stay at Elysium , the couple decides to make their home more permanently at the rural commune , only to find the free-spirited life is n't quite what it seems.You know those movies where the trailer looks absolutely hilarious but then when you watch it you realize that all the funny parts were already in the trailer and you 've essentially wasted your time ? Yeeeeah . This is one of those movies . Do n't get me wrong -- I 'm not saying Wanderlust was n't funny , because it certainly did have its moments , but those parts are very far and very few between . Overall , for the type of movie it was , it was conventional and generic . Again , this is one of those times where high expectations led to severe disappointment . Wain and Rudd 's previous collaborations -LRB- Wet Hot American Summer and Role Models -RRB- were total winners . I mean , the concept -- taking a modern , hip couple and throwing them into a hippie-style commune -- is comedy gold . So then where did it all go wrong?Let 's start with the casting . Aniston is n't someone you 'd expect to see in a raunchy comedy and I suppose since her stint in Horrible Bosses , she 's trying hard to break away from her rom-com typecasting . But I have to say , she just looked like a fish out of water . It just was n't a role that suited her . Rudd , on the other hand , was right at home with his composed-man-meets-crazy-antics act . He practically invented and perfected the dry wit and sarcastic humour bit and he 's about the movie 's only saving grace because of it . I feel like everything else was just too forced or over the top to be funny . Wanderlust was a let-down and in no way lives up to Wain 's previous credits . Yes , some of the characters are quirky but they grow to be too awkward and unbelievable for my liking . The plot was a mash-up of dull hippy clich&eacute;s and it got old very quickly . I honestly had a better time watching the trailer than I did the feature-length film , which is saying something.Food for Thought
 I love Paul Rudd , but this is not one of his best movies . Very Very low budget and not a lot to keep your attention .
 This dvd was in the ` used-very good ' condition category , but it skips the whole movie . It skips in some of the best parts , too ! Overall , horrible quality .
 `` Wanderlust '' functions less as a film than it does as a series of comedy sketches stitched together . Starring two attractive and funny leads -LRB- Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston -RRB- and featuring even more likable and funny actors in supporting roles -LRB- Justin Theroux , Lauren Ambrose , Malin Akerman , Alan Alda , etc. -RRB- ; there is no shortage of talent here to mine . What 's lacking is a consistent , cohesive storyline and believable character development.Comedy Sketch 1
 I hated this movie . It seemed to have every cliche in the book . I expected it to be very funny , with Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd . It was n't .
 Too raunchy for my taste . Would not reccommend this movie . Still like Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd though - just not my cup of tea .
 There were some great characters in here but either the actors , script writers , or the director could n't bring it together to make it funny and entertaining .
 You know with a name like Wanderlust & with a star like Jen Anniston in it , I really had high hopes for this movie , like maybe seeing Jen half naked or something . Well if you 're wondering & have yet to see this bomb , wonder no more because there is absolutely no female nudity in this movie at all . Plenty of male nudity though , full frontal & everything confirming that the story was written by a female or male who likes other males . Lame storyline , felt more like a movie that was just thrown together in someone 's backyard . If it did n't have the stars in it that it has , it have gone straight to b-movie status in the discount area of the video store . I 'm disappointed that Jen would include herself in such a horrible flick , did n't even finish watching it . Avoid this one like the plague ...
 This was not an enjoyable movies . Sex and story line was not the type of movie I would like my adult family memeber to see . What ever happen to the nice clean movies where you do n't have to hear bad language or see ever body part ?
 This movie was a waste of some really great acting talent . Not funny or entertaining at all ! I wish I had never purchased !
 Remember when you first saw the preview for the movie and you thought , `` this is going to be hilarious ! '' Well , you were wrong ... and do n't feel bad , so was I. Thankfully , I had a coupon for this movie and it did n't cost me a penny . Do n't waist your time ... it really sucked . It was n't funny , and it was predictible . If you are looking for an excuse to waist two hours and not get them back . . this is the movie for you . And shame on you Jennifer Aniston ... I thought you had better taste then to do a movie like this . I guess the $ $ was too good to pass up .
 Interesting concept with potential . Unfortunately it did n't go far or deep enough and did n't really have the substance for either a social commentary or even a comedy . The acting was OK but I wish I could have used my evening watching a better movie . Hot Tub Time Machine is much better because it was a comedy that stayed a comedy and did n't attempt a deeper meaning .
 This movie does n't have much going for it beyond the great cast . I 'm a big fan of Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston , but this movie just plodded along . The jokes were contrived and there was nothing really driving the plot forward . A lot of the characters were pretty horrible . There 's a long scene where Paul Rudd is saying foul things into a mirror that just went on forever , and was not funny . I 'd skip this one unless you are a die hard fan .
 If it was n't for some boobage -LRB- tons of old lady boobage , tho . -RRB- , I would have given this movie only one star . A really bad movie and the Jennifer Aniston character is pretty weak .
 It 's hard to know where to begin with this movie . From a technical standpoint , the entire production has a home movie / reality TV feel . As if the production used a single Best Buy videocam with just the built-in microphone , and was filmed in the diretor 's back yard . Music is added in an amateurish and perfunctory manner.But the script is really what distinguishes Wanderlust ... and puts it into the ` Plan 9 from Outer Space ' realm of badness . There was not one funny scene -LRB- not one ; it was an ordeal to sit through -RRB- ... the movie waddled from one embarrassing situation to the next -LRB- I felt sorry for the actors , though Jennifer Aniston seems increasingly to be involved in such doomed projects -RRB- . Perhaps the scriptwriter and director are so in love with the 60 's and the arrested development commune life depicted that scripted situations seemed funny -LRB- or maybe you need a toke to see the humor -RRB- but for the rest of us there was no irony ... the script is stupid , uncomfortable and just awful.The DVD cover picture seems to suggest this is a comedy - but there is not one laugh in the entire movie -LRB- not one , I tell you , unless you think a hippy 's impaired memory is a hoot ... in which case you would be better off with Cheech & Chong 's or Harold & Kumar 's classics -RRB- . I was truly convinced that there were no retakes in the film , and that most of the dialog was ad libbed . But outtakes were shown during the credits -LRB- maybe these were the only retakes -RRB- indicating that the cast seemed to think that much of the script was funny - I guess there really is no accounting for taste , is there.When the ordeal of watching Wanderlust ended for us -LRB- all 1 hour and 30 minutes of it -RRB- we were left wanting to see a real movie -LRB- or take a toke -RRB- just to get this out of our heads . We downloaded ` Get the Gringo ' with Mel Gibson . Now there is a great script with the right actor , and super comedy ... but that 's another story .
 Theme-Urban YUPPIES get fired find peace in country retreat with society 's castoffs-yawn ! I thought they stopped making movies like this ?
 I think there is exactly 40 minutes of decent film here , the rest looks like they were literally making it up as they went along . You can tell that some scenes were being improvised on the spot and they made the final cut , which tells you something ... Like I said , there is 40 minutes of good stuff here , funny stuff , but the rest of the sheeyit that was interspersed into the film made it hard to watch . Literally . There were some scenes where my friends and I were asking each other `` what the eff is going on here ? I ca n't stand this anymore , can I fast forward past this to the next scene ? '' extremely disappointing , especially when considering the talent that was cast . Oh well , at least I did n't waste $ 12 in the theatres on this dreck .
 All right folks if you decide to view Wanderlust be prepared for dissapointment . This movie has all the components to be a good flick . You have two super hot female leads in Jennifer Aniston and Malik Ackerman , addPaul Rudd and this movie should be hilarious . The only problem is the plot is terrible , and the dialogue is worse . You never connect with any of the characters except for Rudds brother whos name escapes me at the moment but he is the sole reason i give this movie 1 star instead of a big zero . Do yourselves a favor and do not watch this movie because it stinks . After reading this you ca n't say you were never warned.Honestly Yours , Jesse from Jersey
 Maybe I 'm old-fashioned , but this storyline struck me more as cognizant infidelity than curious exploration . Aniston 's character abandons her inhibitions in record time and is suddenly deaf , dumb , and blind to her husband 's feelings . The story felt forced and as a result , lost much in the way of humor .
 This movie had so much potential and just fell flat at every turn . It was very weird and had some pretty stupid moments in it . I just did n't get it really , and I have a pretty open mind .
 This is one of those movies that seems like a great idea on paper , but mostly winds up making predictable and easy jokes . It leans on so many things we 've seen before that it just left a bland taste in my mouth . It 's nothing personal , as all the actors involved are mostly top notch , there 's just no meat on this bone .
 Glad I did n't pay a whole lot to watch this movie , it was funny in parts but did n't really enjoy it overall
 I hate to even give this one star.This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . . Tried to watch , but had to stop after 15 minutes . Thought Paul Rudd , Jennifer Aniston I like them both , need some light laughs . Boy was I wrong . Crude , stupid `` humor '' . Paul & Jennifer should be ashamed to be part of this horrible piece of trash.If you truly want to waste your money and your time watch this movie . You will be sorry you did . Absolute garbage .
 A great cast ca n't save this stinker . Tired plot , tired jokes . Got it as a bargain rental and still contemplated asking for a refund . Just not funny .
 mildly amuzing-that is all there is to say-acting-probably one of Jennifer 's worst-she must have needed a paycheck-was fun to see Alan Alda
 As much as I like Jennifer Aniston , this is a very bad movie.In order to fully appreciate how bad this movie really is , one has to watch it till the very end . At first , it seems that the wife of the couple is the stupid one , while the husband is just tired and unlucky . But at the end it gets clear that both are complete idiots -LRB- and that is why they are married -RRB- . There are only few funny jokes . Most of them are captured in the trailer for this movie.If you are still curious , watch it , but do not spend too much money . I spent around 20 dollars on DVD . It does not worth it .
 The acting is terrible . Can Jennifer Aniston ever play a role of some quality?This movie had weak characters and a weak story.Will the day ever return when we no longer have the need to show male and female genitals in order to sell tickets.I could go on forever , but please do not rent or buy this movie .
 This movie , for me , had so much potential . Paul Rudd is an incredible comedic actor , and I had high hopes for Justin Theroux . Jennifer Aniston , in every role since Friends , plays the `` Rachel '' - like character and frankly it is getting old . This movie is simply not funny .
 I had high hopes for this movie . The trailer looked pretty funny . I 'm a big Paul Rudd fan . He was actually really great in this movie , but the story line SUCKED . It had a bazar cadence , with disheveled emotions . The end is especially stupid . What turned me off the most , is how this movie played on the stereo type that all earth friendly , hippy types who live an alternat life style , are in a cult . The leader of the commune in this movie is an egotistical jerk - right from the beginning . This is just such a main stream , cynical view of free thinking , spiritual , alternative , vegan , type of people . This movie just leaves a bad taste in you 're mouth . The only reason I did n't give it 1 star , was that Paul Rudd and Jenifer Aniston were really good .
 Raunchy , vulgar , disgusting , and not all that funny . I like Jennifer Aniston -LRB- usually -RRB- , but this one was not so great .
 The setup of Wonderlust will be familiar for any couple who 's lived in Manhattan , battling to pay a mortgage for a closet-sized apartment and then wondering what happens if one or the other loses their jobs . Naturally , this happens here so the couple lose their apartment and then embark on a spiritual journey to find their purpose in life outside the Big Apple.The first 30 minutes are the funniest part of the film , with Ken Marino playing the over-the-top successful brother and Michaela Watkins hilarious as his drunk , unhappy wife . Unfortunately , this section is dispatched quickly and we 're rapidly dumped at the beginning of the unfunny part of the film - arriving at the commune.Think of every hippie cliche you can in 60 seconds and turn them into a series of SNL sketches - this is what the rest of the movie comprises . We have sharing bathrooms , sharing wives , nudists , talking to trees into the forest , hallucinogenic drugs , drums circles - you name it , it 's been shoe-horned into one sketch after the other.In the midst of this , the comedy quotient drops continuously and there 's an uneasy feeling half-way through that the plot has officially left the rails . Every joke feels overly set up and forced and it relies enormously on Paul Rudd 's reaction to the whole thing . There 's notably a truly weird scene featuring redneck dirty talk that feels strangely out of place . Towards the end , the ever-important happy ending is hastily thrown together to reset everybody back to a state where they were better for the experience.Wanderlust is neither funny nor dramatic . It 's like somebody neutered The Beach and replaced the dramatic intensity with half-baked SNL jokes . It 's s shame that with the strength of the cast there was n't any material hiding in the script to play off .
 I do n't know how anyone can say this was a good movie . I found it rank , STUPID , boring , lousy acting , lousy plot , not entertaining , and a waste . If it did n't star Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston then it would n't draw ANY viewing .
 This movie went from worst to just plain bad . Even with named actors they could not carry this movie as it needed to be .
 I must say not one Jennifer Anistons best and I consider Myself a great fan.The Teaser Trailer was much Funnier than the movie as a whole . .
 First , there 's a sticker on the front that says &#34; DVD Now Kiosks &#34; Insert This Way , clearly indicating this DVD was stolen from a DVD machine . Strike one.Besides the fact that there 's no security tape on here , being that it 's stolen , there 's simply nothing &#34; like new &#34; about this . The top of the dvd has finger smudges , crumb-like particles , and unidentifiable crud . Strike two.If I could get past the apparently thievery of this dvd , I might be okay with it , if the dvd had at least looked like it was cleaned once . Did n't happen . Strike three.This product and purchase deserves a giant FAIL.Can ' t wait to re-gift this ... not .
 This movie was painful to watch . It actually was n't so horrible until a little bit in . For once someone in a Jennifer Aniston movie was more annoying than her character . Paul Rudd was horrible . In one scene he 's talking to himself in the mirror to pump himself up for sex and saying things like , `` I 'm gon na get all up in that vag . '' And then he repeats this and the like for what feels like forever in some of the dumbest voices I 've ever heard . Not funny at all . I 'm hard to offend but this was just BAD . It would be insanely uncomfortable to watch this with any older members of my family . God , it was uncomfortable just watching this alone . Would any woman sleep with this man ? The fact that two women in this movie wanted to seemed insane and just wishful thinking on the part of whatever idiots wrote this script . I kept praying some wild animal would eat Paul Rudd during this scene just so he would shut up .
 I was so disappointed in this movie . We never would have pegged 2 stars like Aniston and Rudd would be in such a low class , B type movie . At one point Rudd has a scene where he is talking into a mirror , he goes on and on and on and on , it is painful watch . So distasteful . Do n't waste your time or money .
 What a let down . What a waste of talented funny actors . What a terribly unfunny film . What terrible screenwriting . Unwatchable .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Did I watch it to the end ? Well yes , I like my endings , but I fast fowarded it through about 20 minutes . It 's not that it was too vulgar or that I am a prude . It is just a really bad movie . I like the actors , just not this movie .
 I did n't like it . I saw that other reviewers said this movie was n't for the `` prudish '' . I would take this further to say it 's not for people with morals or expectations of a storyline/character development.The storyline seemed to be thrown together . The characters were not fully developed and consequently the plot seemed juvenile.There were several scenes where the director let the scene take much longer than it should have ... Paul Rudd psyching himself up , the nudist 's running . Pretty awkward scenes when no one in the audience is laughing.And that 's how the whole movie felt.Awkward scenes.Mouthy characters.Old Nudists.No one laughing .
 The video quality for this was awful , not even close to HD . Asked for a credit but got no response . One star for the quality , would give the movie as a whole 3 stars , it was funny .
 This movie started out good but somewhere in the middle it just lost steam and got boring . They tried to wrap in a flimsy plot but it just fell flat . I dont even think it was really all that crude or vulgar just not funny . I do not recommend it , the trailer has all the good parts in it . I wish i could get a time refund .
 The Wanderlust - movie Would not recommend this to anyone . It was vulgar and really not something I would want to see again .
 I LOVE inappropriate/FUNNY movies but this one is DISGUSTING !! there are some things that you cant unsee . DONT BUY IT OR RENT IT !!
 While there are some extremely funny scenes , there 's a lot of content that 's just so horribly put together . If you do choose to view this , fast-forward through the scene where George starts talking to himself in the bathroom mirror . It 's a never-ending scene of him saying things like `` I 'm gon na f *** the s *** out of you '' , `` I 'm gon na f *** you '' and ON AND ON in different STUPID voices . -LRB- It 's not the language , it 's the STUPID voices that I hated . -RRB- I think that was just the most painful scene of all , as it was just BEYOND horribly awful , and went on forever . Who writes crap like this?The movie is very disjointed - the `` plot '' does n't have a good flow . Some parts were very entertaining , most of it was really weird -LRB- but who 'd expect anything other than weird with a plot centered around a hippie like commune ? -RRB- - and a LOT of the weird was REALLY LAME.I wish we 'd have gone with a different movie .
 The movie was very strange but did get better at the very end . The comedy must 've not been my style but I usually can do just any type of comedy .
 Amazon.com Gift Cards - In a Gift Box - Free One-Day ShippingNot very original about hippies in a commune without the sixty 's music . My Grandpa might like it . How about something more up to date ?
 Not funny , bad story , ect . . Save your money ! You will thank me later :--RRB- if you wan na laugh look elsewhere . . its not here
 Ok so I love Jennifer Aniston 's work . Almost all of her movies have been enjoyable so I am really surprised that I did n't like this one , at all . Whom ever wrote the script for this movie knew what potentially could be funny but could n't execute . American Pie , hilarious and just as ronchy but it was executed well . This movie just left you staring at the screen going ... wow ... how much longer is this ? I paid $ 16 - for this ??? It 's a shame because I was looking for one redeeming quality about this movie , for instance , one liners that are funny ... like ` this one time , at band camp ' :-RRB- I was shocked that there was n't even that . Really sad that is movie was so poorly scripted and directed . Spend your money elsewhere ... sorry Jen . Also received Monty Python 's search for the holy grail ... now that is timeless comedy . Will be watching that tonight trying to erase the sorry mess this movie was .
 Unless you like foul language , a bad plot , and other unpleasant things , you might want to avoid this movie . I love Alan Alda , but this was a bomb . I had mute most of the movie because it was disgusting . Stopped it finally when I could n't take any more .
 not much to say about the movie not happy with the video download from amazon . I will not ever rent a movie from this format again
 I took a chance watching this movie starring Jennifer and Justin who appear to have an admirable off screen relationship . What a disappointment . I agree with all the 1-star ratings . These reviewers hit the nail on the head . The first thing that came to mind was `` B '' movie with a scholastic grade of D - for rotten storyline mixed with trashy dialogue . The best thing that came out of this movie must have been real life proposal . Maybe Justin will write a quality script and he and Jennifer can produce another movie to make up for this awful one as in
 Rented this movie this weekend.Comedies are supposed to bring you up not slam you down face first like this one did for me.You do -LRB- or at least I did -RRB- get attached to some of these characters and can relate to them.However , the cheating/open relationship part really blew the movie up in my face.They could have presented that scene any other way and it could have worked or even been funny but I just felt so gross watching that moment that I wanted to vomit.Comedies are not supposed to make you do that ... unless from laughing so hard , which I have before . -LRB- Not with this movie -RRB- . The only saving grace were the bloopers at the end reminding that I was just watching a movie , it was real and actually had me laughing . Too bad the rest of the movie did not.I think this was supposed to be a comedy but I think it was anything but.It was closer to a wild west movie or even a foreign film than it was to a comedy , that 's how unfunny it was.I give it 2 thumbs down , I 'd give more thumbs if I had any .
 Ir 's bad enough that you 'll want your 90 minutes back after watching this waste of Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston 's talent -LRB- assuming you keep watching after the ` mirror scene ' -RRB- , do n't make it worse by spending actual money on it . Wait for cable if you must .
 THis movie for lack of a better word BORING ! The charecters in this movie have no depth . The plot is about a guy who runs a shower house . WHO CARES ! The movie feels like it 's 10 hours long . Buy it for foreign taste , but not for a movie that makes you think .
 I loved this film when I was 9 . Incredible howthe movie changed in 50 years ! If you likedthis when it came out , keep your memory ofit intact and do n't watch it again . Not muchof anything going for it .
 The movie would have been better if you could see what was going on . the whole movie is so dark . I have been to yorktown and was wanting to see places I got to walk around in .
 if you gave this film more than a 2 . It screams amateur . The acting is bad , its recorded like a soap opera , there is no tension , the dialogue is silly , and the reveal toward the end is idiotic . The killer -LRB- the one that spoke -RRB- was just not believable . He should 've followed the lead of the other guy and kept his mouth shut . The reason given as to why the killings are happening does n't carry the weight of the film by any means . Why the second guy turns on the first one is never addressed . Its just poorly done and the generous reviews must be from people connected with the project . I ca n't imagine any self respecting horrorphile being satisfied with this . Sorry to burst any bubbles .
 `` It 's not just ghosts that make you scream ... '' That 's right . It 's also the moronic dialogue , glacial pace , and impenetrably dark lighting in this movie . Although it 's only 78 minutes long , I felt as though I had been watching for hours and suffering through every second of it . The set up scene where our clueless heroes learn of a haunted asylum and decide to visit it , which in a sane world would take 5 minutes , spans 20 soul sucking minutes of uninspired chit-chat . The movie moves on to scene after scene of people wandering around an abandoned asylum -LRB- a location that I 'm sure would work wonderfully for a film made by anyone else but these clowns -RRB- accompanied by more inane chatting , the worst tribute to the Psycho shower scene that I have ever seen , and an unpleasant , unnecessary , wooden sex scene in a chapel . The actors can go forward in this life knowing that there will be no vengeance wreaked for their blasphemy because no just god would allow this atrocity of a film to exist . The climax scene attempts a twist in such a way that will only leave a viewer scratching their head and trying to avert their eyes from the fellow in his boxers tied up with duct tape and a little too happy about it . That there is a sequel in the works shakes me to my very core.You will not like this film unless you have a taste for the worst horror movies imaginable . This does not even have camp value . You have been warned .
 poor acting , no script righting , bad cinematography , and creatively void of any entertainment value . life is short for watch such poor film making .
 There are tons of movies made around the world , some great , some mediocre and some down right terrible . But the fact of the matter is that most fall into the center category , not quite good but not as bad as some big budget films out there . Such is the case with this film.Four backpacking friends land in Bangkok and hit the town . Between dance joints and bars their funds run a little low so one has a plan to make back what they 've spent
 the cliche ' acting actually gets in the way of this movie . it is so cheesy it was hard to digest . the fight scenes -LRB- which is why you are going to watch this movie -RRB- were ok , but not up to the jackie chan or tony jaa standard . the plot was so unbelievable , I caught myself wanting to clean the house or do laundry or something while this movie played . the funny scenes were not funny at all . not really worth the purchase or even rental .
 If I rented `` Bangkok Adrenaline '' for a dollar , I would say I got my money 's worth . True , some of the fighting is entertaining ... . mostly , the acrobatic antics of the kid who does parkour are the high points of the movie ... but the story languishes , and the copious humor is sophomoric . PS
 Normally I love all movies with Danny Aiello in them -- he 's such a talented actor in comedies as well as dramas . This movie with the theme of a divorced dad , former businessman , now hearse driver seemed like it would have some potential but it was really lacking . All of the elderly Italians of this particular New Jersey neighborhood have died off and business at the funeral home is falling off . However , there is a plan that involves getting rid of some people that the partners do n't really like , but who 's to know ? This is where the film gets confusing for me because there is a history of the gambler , addict , friend who is trying to find out about his father . Then there is Aiello 's character who is trying to have a relationship with his son . It 's never clear to me who all the bad guys are and how they all know each other , but there 's some major offing going on and it 's not a pretty sight ! Too many wakes , wailing , and whacking for me !
 Usually 15 mins into the movie I know whether or not I 'm going to like it . I did n't like this movie . It might have got funnier as it went on but I just could n't wait that long . Danny Aiello is one of my favorite actors but this movie does n't do him justice .
 From the very beginning this documentary seemed like it droned on and on . From the monotone voices to the inaccuracies reported , this documentary was horrible written and horribly put together . It was a waste of money and a waste of time . The only good thing about this is that it put me to sleep within 20 minutes .
 This review is for the Amazon VOD rental of this film . This is a low budgetaction flick about bootleg alcohol in the deep south . It has a decent storyline and ok acting but does not provide any real thrills . This kind of filmgives Rednecks a bad name .
 The only moment I cried was with the others , the only man we saw audition . I love A Chorus Line , have all the CD 's , saw it on Broadway years ago , saw the movie , and it was always balanced , so that every person who sees it can identify with one or more dancers . Well , I could not . Sorry , but I have nothing with women . It was always Astaire to me , never Rogers , Charisse or Hepburn . And here I sit , looking forward to sharing this great experience , and seeing women only , as if there are no men in the show . Really disappointing , a missed chance ! Must I watch the deleted scenes ? Well , I gave up .
 I need to start buying the movies with the 2 and 3 stars , like ' 30 Days of Night ' and ` The Strangers ' since those are the ones I really thought were good enough to get 4 to 5 stars . This movie was slow and I it got boring . I had to make my self watch all of it .
 I saw this movie and it was okay but it borrowed many elements from another movie -LRB- besides Open Water , which I have n't seen -RRB- . Another killer croc movie , also Australian , called Rogue has a lot of similarities with this film . Rogue was made first -LRB- although released later at least in the U.S. -RRB- and had a significant higher budget than this film . Other than that Black Water is okay , only not original .
 Took me 4 days to get through this muddled mess.A couple of British conmen are visiting Chicago daydreaming about their next scam.It all gets sorted out when they steal a briefcase full of cash along with a key toa hotel room . Soon they are mistaken for hitmen by a local crime lord who 's tryingto take out rival mob boss . They string him along to swindle as much money as theycan before they head back to England . Meanwhile , the real hitmen , -LRB- Wahlberg and Rapaport -RRB- are waiting to hear from the boss . Suddenly Wahlberg 's character begins a ridiculousand spontaneous romance with the daughter of the man he 'd been hired to kill . Andfrom there everything gets bolluxed up when they learn their hit has been hijackedby the two Brits.I dont know why this movie was marketed as a comedy , or why anybody thinks its funnycause its not . There is no action , there is no suspense , and its totally devoid ofhumor unless you are a fan of Michael Rapaport who plays the same character he portrayedin True Romance and Kicked in the Head , et.al . Claire Forlani as Wahlberg 's GF is theclear highlight of this flick , and for that discovery I am grateful .
 Triggermen is an attempt at a comedy drama or `` dramady . '' The film begins thusly
 This is an odd comedy and if you can get through the slow -LRB- see boring -RRB- scenes , it 's worth watching.The plot is rather simple , but you 'll see twists and turns that keep you somewhat amused . There are a few romantic moments between two of the leading characters.Overall , it 's a decent movie for a rainy day . You 'll laugh more than a few times .
 This film was a waste of talent.Aside that it wraped up neatly like the dead body in the rug at the end , this film was a regurgitation of others & lacked originality.It was slow & borring , and I could ` nt wait until the end.I was figiting like a little kid ... practically begging for the credits to roll.See it for yourself , but this movie is ` nt worth purchasing .
 I got ta say i think that this film is bad for many reason 's , first it had so limited release and the storyline is stupid and what the hell is Corey Feldman doing directing when really he should stick to music after all his onl good years were the 80 's and that was between 85 and 89 . The storyline is simple a group of California cops fool around with women and that is the cue for lots of nudity and joke 's and believe me the jokes ... but all of the sudden Feldman must get his act together and the rest of the cops as the new boss in charge has plans for them and beleive me they are not interesting what so ever they ... Another of my problems was that Corey Haim was in it and he might aswell of not bothered he is involved for like 20 minutes of the film and his role is really ... and that is the warning to Haim fans wanting this as part of your collection dont buy it thinking he is joint star with Feldman like there other movie 's cause he is ` nt , if you want a good movie with these two in there prime and at there best buy The Lost Boys , License to Drive or Dream a little Dream .
 The item was very scratched and had food particles dried up on it . I hope from this point on you will clean and buff the movies .
 Eddie Murphy & Martin Lawrence just do n't click on this Average Film.My Only Real Highlight was Seeing The Funkateer Rick James.This Film SHould Have Been The Biggest Event of The Year.With All The Talent Involved.but it is n't Happening at all.I Prefer Murphy & Lawrence in Boomering .
 The movie did not work , I e-mailed the person who sold it to me and never heard from them . So I recieved a Christmas gift for my son that would not play when he opened it and I was out the money I spent !!! Not very happy , may never order DVD or CD 's from site again .
 This movie had great reviews , but , in all reality , it is horrible ... horrible ending , horrible story , stupid stuff . Good actors , bad movie !
 This movie was a complete waste of time . It was 1hr and 49min but it felt much longer because it shows Eddie and Martin grow old in the prison . I felt that this movie was not funny or entertaining . Sure there were some mild belly laughs but no laugh out loud laughs that allot of people long for . Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence were awful . I think they were desperate for a movie role . This movie was a great dissapointment to me . Take my word for it Life sucks . You will have waste your money on a movie about stupidity .
 Please disregard the 1 star I gave - it 's a technicality to proceed with the review . The film is total zero . The cassette 's cover advertised `` 2 hours of the hysterical laughter . '' Who was the reviewer ? He should be treated medically for his hysteria.This film is nothing . It 's beyond good or bad . I 've watched for more than an hour , said - '' What the hell ! '' - and switched it off.It does not mean I began to continue my work on the new jet engine after that but believe me - no matter what you do instead of watching this you 'll be much better off!I 've seen boring films but that is the boredom of the totally new level . Avoid seeng this movie by any means even if they are giving away the new BMW with every ticket bought .
 Who had the bright idea of putting Eddie `` Egomanic '' Murphy and Martin `` Big Unfunny Momma '' Lawrence together in one film . The result of these 2 actors teaming up is box office poison . This film was very heavily billed as a comedy . I will admit it , some parts were trying to be funny , but not trying that hard . The `` funny '' moments were all shown in the trailer . This movie was a drama , a bad drama , but a drama nonetheless . It showed the hardships of being in this prison camp , but did not try to go out of their way to make it humorous . This film is the kind of lowbrow film that only the uneducated could really sit there and think that they got a fair deal . The rest of the semi-educated population of this fine country will walk away feeling that they got ripped off , not of just their money , but of their time , and some of their intelligence .
 This has got to be the most boring movie I 've seen in the past couple of years . The people writing good reviews for this movie must be friends of people who made it or have some financial interest in promoting it because it is BORING!Do not waste your money on this yawner .
 After watching this movie , I felt as if my own life was wasted just from watching it . What a piece of garbage . Eddie Murphy is funny , but not always and this movie is the exception . This is by far one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Anyway . . here 's the basic plot : In the mid-1990s , two inmates bury the burned bodies of two lifers at Mississippi 's Parchman Farm ; a third old-timer relates their story . They 'd served 65 years for a murder they did n't commit , framed by a local sheriff while buying moonshine whiskey for a Manhattan club owner to whom they owed money . Although the plot may sound good . . trust me it 's not .
 everyone at my work loves this movie so i purchased it but did not like the humor in at all
 The disc is cheap for a reason . The transfer is crap . Filtered to death waxy images with some sharpening added for good measure . Bad video camera look , not film look .
 I had high expectations for this movie and sadly I was disappointed with the overall movie . While it was entertaining at times , the chemistry between Murphy and Lawrence just was n't present . Both men are great comedic actors but this film did not display those talents . There were only a few funny moments and the movie seemed to drag at times .
 I was duly unimpressed with this video ... I guess I expected too much . The action just dragged on and on . The acting was one-dimensional , as illustrated by Kevin Space 's robot . The special effects appeared amateurish at best . All in all , a very forgettable video .
 After reading all the hype and hearing all the buzz , I was completely let down by this movie . I guess the movie hipsters and scenesters loved this flick because David Bowie 's son directed it and Sam Rockwell sports a beard and long hair at the beginning of the flick.Sam Rockwell does give a pretty good performance , although not great and Oscar worthy like some of these reviewers cry out about . Did you notice that at times when Sam stressed a certain word -LRB- s -RRB- at the end of his sentence he sounds a little bit like Owen Wilson?The plot was decent but really not all that intriguing to warrant the movie a 4 or 5 star rating . And yes , I get what the story was about and understood the plot twists and what not . But there were a few plot holes and unexplained situations and/or seeings that hurt the movie and actually made me annoyed . For a slow moving and not all that visually stunning movie , you really have to have a great and intriguing storyline with little to no plot holes and also great acting . Moon was somewhat there but not quite.And yes , if you have n't already noticed - `` I just do n't get it '' and my favorite movies are probably
 Decided to provide my take here because like me , sometimes fresh prospects look to this section as opposed to the 5-star section which is usually chock full of fanatical ravings , to get a faint glimpse into what didnt work for some reviewers . And to each is always and shall be their own . But for those of you seriously contemplating viewing , this decision will depend on what you seek . If youre searching for sci-fi such as the classic Transformers , Surrogates , Star Trek , Avatar , this is not it . But if you happen to exist in the minority , where you can appreciate thought-inducing drama , this is ideal , if for no other reason , to enjoy a great performance.Is it slow ? Once again , depends on what youre searching for . Is it compelling ? Not necessarily , but certainly an intelligent story , realized IF YOURE WILLING TO INVEST YOUR TIME AND PAY ATTENTION . The CAPS were to emphasize a relative point derived from these other 1-star reviews . Which is , either they expected Event Horizon , Mission to Mars , or Ghost from Mars , who the hell knows , or they were unable to follow the story from beginning to end , which will be required to absorb all five basic food groups to the story.Is in mind-bending such as the first Matrix , not in the least but mature cinema aficionados or those simply in the mood hoping to not be insulted , will definitely enjoy . Unlike Bruce Dern , Sam Rockw -LRB- B -RRB- ell is the man !
 Moon is Director Duncan Jones ' homage to slowly-paced , reflective science fiction films of the sixties and seventies ; its debt to 2001 and Silent Running is obvious . The film mainly serves as a vehicle for Sam Rockwell 's performance as a lonely astronaut . That 's not necessarily a bad thing ; Rockwell is a colorful actor , who always brings a goofy charm to his roles.The problem is the plot . It is based on an existential crisis that arises when the protagonist realizes that he is not who he thought he was . Science fiction novelist Phillip K. Dick used to make a living writing these kinds of stories , but what works in a short story often fails to sustain a feature-length film . The main question in Moon is answered by the middle of the film . Though Rockwell gives nicely-nuanced performances as different versions of himself , it 's not enough to maintain dramatic tension . A few devices are employed to do that - such as a clock ticking down to the protagonist 's return trip - but since the viewer knows the protagonist 's identity by then , the resolution is obvious.It 's nice that this film does so much with its miniscule budget . Personally , I love to see its reliance on physical models rather than CG . The `` Earthrise '' shots are quite beautiful . The interiors copy the sterile white look of the aforementioned films . Kevin Spacey 's computer character , `` GERTY '' is an annoyance though ; it can only be termed an unimaginative rip-off of 2001 's HAl-9000 computer.Ultimately , it 's not the budget that hinders Moon , it 's the paucity of new ideas that render it sterile .
 Moon came in under the radar for me , a weird geek and hardcore movie lover . I fed into the great press and audience reviews and was very , very , underwhelmed . Director Duncan Jones tries to do a lot with very little , only he chose to cast Sam Rockwell who lacks the chops to pull off this sort of lead role . Much likeCast Away , we have a classic man vs. himself story that reeks of both physical isolation as much as it does internal loneliness . This is where the problem lies . Sam Rockwell is half asleep throughout most of this movie , even after one of his ` clones ' starts to decompose , spitting out teeth and barfing up puddles of blood . Kevin Spacey 's voice as on-deck AI ` GERTY ' is a reprieve , though it 's no HAL 9000 . More absent than anything else , is the suspense element that kept Moon 's predecessors going , like the Alien franchise for instance . The lunar base that serves as 80 % of the movie 's setting is spartan , sterile , and lacks the attention-grabbing details of a Ridley Scott set piece . The moon itself is left as one big desert of gray dust , and Duncan Jones uses the frequent lunar vehicle scenes more as filler than a clever showcase of high tech machinery . By the time the credits rolled , I was bored out of my skull and half-asleep myself .
 For much of the movie the main character is hallucinating , which is n't particularly interesting to watch , more like a waste of time . In the end there were some interesting plot twists but not enough for me to recommend .
 First off before I get all the backlash from all the people who loved this movie , I did n't hate this , but realy do n't get all the hype on it ? In general , the movie I thought , was kind of boring , with an ending that brought little to the table . To be honest , even the ladies at hollywood video had said what a great movie this was besides all the great reviews on amazon . I already knew the movie had a slow beginning and would move along slow , so I sat there watching and waiting to see towards the ending how this thing would play out . Well not to spoil anything but just to say I was realy expecting more . There was no real suspense there . Only because of the good reviews did I purchase the movie , but I found it only mildly entertaining . I gave this 2 stars only because it did n't live up to the hype .
 I love Sam Rockwell , and I was sure that I 'd love the movie based on the reviews and the trailer ... I did n't . This movie has an excellent idea , but though Sam Rockwell is a fantastic actor , he was n't electrifying to watch . His performance was genuine and incredible , but boring . There would be periods when it would feel like the movie would pick up and take me somewhere exciting , but then it would n't deliver . I was n't looking for Michael Bay ` splosions and Roland Emerich-level apocalypses , but this seemed more like a novel playing out on screen than a movie . A novel that did n't translate well to images.Moon has a lot of potential . A really fantastic idea , an interesting group of actors , an interesting ending and a thoroughly developed lead character are all things that the movie has going for it . The movie just failed to deliver on all of its promise . It could have been so much more than it was ... but it just was n't .
 I do n't have any time or patience for numerous paragraphs of reviews - I leave that to the people who get paid to do it . And I usually start losing interest if it 's just not brief and to the point upon reading . Anyway , I am an average consumer who loves horror and sci-fi . There are of course several horror and sci-fi movies that I , or others may not like - and this is one I did not like . Two stars for good acting and ok story otherwise it would have been one star . Yes , I watched the entire movie and followed it and got the picture . The interaction between man and machine was interesting and the story was deep . It unfortunately bored me after the first thirty minutes or so but I was determined to follow through with the movie . Then again , similar happened for me with the 2001 Space Odyssey movie . Yes , I think the movie appeared to be put together fairly well and I can understand how it grasped the attention of many . I am not here to critique people for what they like or do not like in movies . I am only here to share MY OPINION OF THE MOVIE and not to bash those who I may not have the same opinion with . People can read all of the many reviews here and other places and decide for themselves if they wish to see this movie based on the diversity of opinions .
 A bleak film whose idea gets away from it . By the end you 're pretty well tired of throwing up , bloody vomit , foul language , all of which overwhelms the story . S.F. this is not . Essentially boring .
 I can not believe I paid $ 9.99 to watch this movie on-line -- I sure would n't want to own it . While the preview looked as though it would be a good , exciting sci-fi flic , it was not . It really dragged along and the only action was when they fought each other and their mouths . I am not really a prude , but I found the &#34; bad &#34; language to be totally unnecessary -- it was almost like a young teenage boy wrote it . PASS IT UP , PASS IT UP , DEFINITELY NOT WORTH 10 BUCKS !!!!!
 I did n't like this movie , and explaining exactly why will take some -LRB- hopefully minimal -RRB- spoilers . Moon has been hailed as a revolution in Sci-Fi , a tour-de-force of innovative small-budget design and excellent performance from the lead . Unfortunately , I disagree on all points.-The SetupIn the future , Planet Earth has a new source of nearly limitless energy thanks to some new and vaguely specified power source . It 's most likely cold fusion , but this is never stated . All of this energy is apparently supplied by one mining station on the moon - or , that 's what it seems like for most of the movie , there 's kind of some vague information to the contrary later on . This station has one inhabitant , Sam Bell -LRB- played by Sam Rock-well -RRB- . So all of the world 's power is farmed by Sam Rockwell , who from the looks of it is a minimum wage space trucker . That makes no real sense at all , but let 's go with it . The story from here focuses on this one man 's isolation , as his relay to talk with earth has been cut off and he must live alone with only sporadic , pre-recorded updates from home.-The BudgetI appreciate small-budget films , but this is beyond small . The film gets absoltuely kitschy in some of the moon scenes , where Sam 's harvester-rover-things are very obviously scale models . Now I love models , I still love seeing them in Star Wars , but there 's no illusion here . It 's terribly obvious in many scenes that you 're watching a five-dollar remote control car with some cardboard taped onto it , and the film is slowed down a bit so it has a low gravity effect . This is n't just low-budget , it 's art-house no-budget , but without the art-house soul . The budget did n't prevent the team from contantly inserting orange-and-blue lens flares in all the action scenes , something I 'm utterly tired of seeing in Sci-Fi productions . The moon is not orange and blue.-The ActingSam Rockwell plays the character Sam Bell , who acts just like Sam Rockwell . I feel like I 'm tuning in to a `` Who 's the Boss '' re-run with Tony Danza playing Tony . Or was it Danza ? I always mix those up . Many people have applauded Sam -LRB- Rockwell -RRB- for his acting here , and I just do n't get it . There 's barely a drop of acting in sight . Sam -LRB- Rockwell -RRB- does n't portray any growth , as the limit of the emotions that he expresses ranges from `` tired '' to `` Sam Rockwell '' . All of the `` acting '' in this film can be chalked up to how much fresh coffee was avaiable when a scene was filmed . And seriously , Sam Rock-Well plays `` Sam Bell '' ? I feel insulted.-The ImplausibilityThe movie spans a three-year timeframe on a facility that 's harvesting all of the world 's energy - why are there no inspection teams milling about ? The movie revolves around this one man not being able to talk to the outside world - how is the one man responsible for Earth 's power not checked up on a little more frequently ? Every major element of the movie is paper-thin , whether it 's from a scientific or a dramatic standpoint.-The TwistNo spoilers , but the twist has no logical , financial , scienticfic , or other plausible explanation except to fulfill the `` Big Evil Megacorporation '' stereotype . The twist makes for rousing on-screen tension , but it does n't stand up to one second of scientific thought - much like the rest of the plotting.-The ForcednessThe movie ends -LRB- non-spoiler -RRB- with news figures from Earth spewing various claims about events in the movie . If you did n't get the impression from the entire bulk of the movie , the director really wants you to talk about this film . The only thing missing is a title card at the end that should read , `` Please turn to the nearest person the the theater and discuss the social issues this movie touched on . Signed , The Director . '' I did n't feel intrigued by this ending , I just felt insulted - again.-Closing RemarksI love small-budget psychological films , and I love Sci-Fi , but I never got into this movie . Sam Rockwell does n't act , the low-budget effects just come off as cheap , and I found more plot holes than plot . I 'll give this film 2/10 for having the guts to use practical effects in places where most modern Sci-Fi would resort to CGI , but that 's about it . It 's not unwatchable , but it 's not the marvel that the critical community has made it out to be .
 I found the movie to be a `` cult '' wanna-be production . Predictable ending . A little boring .
 I would estimate that the main character uses the `` F '' word at least 30 times , sometimes in rapid succession . It got to the point where I was thinking , `` Okay , okay , I get it ; this guy likes to use the `` F '' word . Can we move on to something else now ? `` In addition to the `` F '' word , the main character takes the Lord 's name in vain several times . _______________ Considering the obstacles involved , the idea of putting a man on the moon is not plausible . Nevertheless , I did enjoy watching this movie . However , I do not approve of the `` F '' word , nor do I approve of astronauts taking the Lord 's name in vain . So I ca n't give more than 2 stars for my rating . David Bowie hardly ever uses the `` F '' word in his songs . So I 'm not sure where Duncan Bowie picked up the habit . It probably came from his mother.Although the main character in this movie has a potty mouth , his robot companion is well mannered and speaks without cussing . Plus , the robot proves to be a loyal friend to the astronaut . Unfortunately , the moral or ` theme ' of this movie is that no matter how great of an example a robot sets for a human , the human will just ignore the robot and act like a jerk anyway . At one point , the astronaut -LRB- Sam -RRB- gets caught lying to the robot . When the robot tries to make sense of the lie , Sam speaks in a condescending tone to the robot , saying , `` You think too much '' . In summary
 So I was skeptical about paying $ 10 just to watch this film , once it began I was pretty excited seeing that the music was done by Clint Mansell and imagining a man going insane from isolation and being cut off from the nourishment of the planet Earth . However , it turned into a ridiculous story about clones . Wow exciting and creative - not .
 I was really looking forward to this one , being lauded as a critically acclaimed sci-fi film , boy were they wrong.Before you call this a sci-fi consider this
 This movie did n't really do anything for me . It was just a variation of the theme of a person isolated from other people . It did n't even bring anything new about the theme to the table . This type of situation has been done so many times before -LRB- Castaway , Robinson Crusoe , I Am Legend , etc. -RRB- in ways that I thought were more interesting . Copying HAL from 2001 did n't help in the originality department , either . I have to admit I could n't get into the movie from the beginning because I could n't believe they would send ONE person into space for three years - ONE person ! After that , I just could n't get into it -LRB- so I probably missed/forgot some things -RRB- . I also think that a clone of someone would n't have such a different personality from the original person if that clone had only been in that kind environment . If they can clone him , why do n't they just have a bunch of clones up there ? They 'd get things done in a lot shorter time than three years . Also , why did it take him almost three years to go nearly insane ? I probably would have lost it after three days.This movie was directed by David Bowie 's son .
 I waited 10 light years for Sam Rockwell to be smacked in the head by Gerty.Enough said .
 I love science fiction movies . My favourites are blade runner , alien and space odysee . But this , this is an abomination . OK , here is a sample of the idiocy
 `` Moon '' is one of those films that only comes around once in a while - just when people are looking for a good science fiction film and just when most have forgotten the last one . Spurred by good critical reviews but nevertheless wary , I agreed to watch the film and decided that it was , unfortunately , a near-total waste of time . `` Moon '' has some beautiful shots , from the clean white of the facility interior to the lunar surface itself . The Steadicam-like cinematography calls to mind `` 2001
 `` Moon '' is light instead of dark , safe rather than adventurous , and more tedious than watching `` Solaris '' for the fifth time . I 'm gon na take a shot in the dark here and guess that Duncan Jones -LRB- the former Zowie Bowie -LSB- ! -RSB- -RRB- digs Stanley Kubrick . There 's certainly nothing wrong with that -- until you make a movie that mistakes pale imitation for homage . Ground control to major Tom
 My only question . No multi-lunar corporation would send one dude up there by himself . The premise is absurd . Better a film about the isolation we feel here now on this planet . Called WEB .
 There really is no engaging plot or appealing story line . Hardcore Science Fiction fans with a brain , wo n't know what will happen next or why it is happening , nor will they care.MOON -LRB- 2009 -RRB- might have been an engaging if -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- short series but as a stand alone Science Fiction story it was underdeveloped and repulsively tiresome but not really entrancing enough to watch for that reason . The movie reminded me of Silent Running -LRB- 1971 -RRB- if Sam Rockwell had been a drugged out Moon-naut , so that makes it kind of worth watching for alluring , repellent Science Fiction comedy . Was this really made in 2009 ? The clothes would point more towards 1988 , the production lacks much science and technology credibility.To be honest , I had to double-check to make sure that this film was n't just some movie add-on to a larger loathsome Sci-Fi series , but to no avail . Moon -LRB- not sure why its called that since it takes place on Jupiter -RRB- seems like a bunch of independent Twilight Zone scenes put together to hopefully form a cohesive story , but fails at it.Not something I would suggest to watch .
 I twoc ` ed this DVD from a friend and I only wish I had bought it properly so I could take it back with the receipt and get money back . I can not return it to my friend as they were hopping mad that it had gone before they watched it and so they bought another copy . My only solution is to twoc their receipt.I only watched the film up to the point where time travel raises its stupid head . Ever since ` Back from the Future ' with Michael J Cloth kick started the old time travel plot device in stories , everyone jumps on the bandwagon . Films with paradox 's and silly situations affecting the future from the past type situations are really annoying because time travel is impossible.Any film that uses time travel to hinge its narrative upon is doomed for me . The time travel bit in this film is when the main dude finds himself watching himself after crashing his moon jeep and then rescuing himself from the crashed vehicle . I could n't watch anymore after that as it is a waste of actual time let alone travelling time so I switched it off and watched ` Total Wipeout ' instead.Up to that point , there were other silly bits . A slight ecological message is shoehorned in about resources on Earth running out , which is bobbins as there is more than enough for my lifetime . Also , the replacement fuel is apparently Helium 3 , a sequel , made from moon rock . Now , I am no scientist , but moon rock , even though it is light and has very little gravity , is a rock and not a gas like helium is . There is something very wrong with the technical advice given to the script writer regarding moon rock making it cheesey.There is another problem too . The cyborg , voiced by slimey pervert sounding and bad actor Kevin Spacey , ooh spacey film spacey name , is a cheap rip off of the robot in ' 2001 ' directed by Arthur Sikh Lark , another very bad film . In Moon though , because the budget was spent on Mr Spacey 's voice , they had to use a wobbly cyborg that is hanging from the ceiling . No wires nor CGI to make a floaty cyborg , just a badly made and designed box that dangles badly from tracks that run all through the building made from old ` Space 1999 ' sets.The ultimate problem is the commentary track though . I like to watch films first time with the commentary on as it saves time watching it twice . I can not be bothered to watch a film and then see it again with some director and actors chatting pap afterwards . This film would not play the commentary track for some reason , even though it was there as an option.All in all , steer clear of this film , and whatever you do , do n't steal it if you do want to watch it . Either rent it or buy it and then take it back after . A mimimalist film on a microbudget with great ideas and a good script let down by none of that being true . Well made and heartily recommended viewing for anyone with an interest in spacey films , but not Kevin though as it only features his slimey voice.Also , no one has been to the Moon yet . If the we had been up there , assuming that we landed on the lit up side , we would all still be able to see the rovers and landing units we claim to have used and left behind , like the Big Wall of China is seeable . As these are not visible it makes us look like big fat fibbers to the rest of the world.Brilliant film though . Avoid as it is rubbish .
 I seriously ca n't believe the reviews I 'm reading here . I never walk out of a movie , but when I saw Moon in the theater I came closer than I ever have before . The plot is tedious and predictable , with several aspects that make absolutely no sense and are never even attempted to be explained -LRB- ghostly lady walking around on the surface of the moon ? -RRB- Also , I understand that this was an independent film , but the production values and set pieces are laughable . This movie is so bad that I actually told people to go see it as a practical joke . Anyone with a sense of what makes good sci-fi , or a good story in general , will have nothing but contempt for this steaming pile of excrement on celluloid -LRB- or blu-ray , in this case -RRB- .
 I so wanted to drink the Kool-Aid and become a Moonie like so many other entranced reviewers on -LSB- ... -RSB- along with the critics at -LSB- ... -RSB- but it just did not happen for me.Before the movie starts I know it 's a low budget indie sci-fi film . Cool . No aliens or laser guns . Fine . It 's supposed to be a thriller set on the Moon . Bring it on . Then nothing happened . No path down a strange philosophical or metaphysical road . No powerful emotions . No mysterious atmosphere to generate suspense and mounting anxiety.What it did have is fine acting by Sam Rockwell , awesome CGI shots of the moonscape and the mechanical harvesters -LRB- the harvesters were nicknamed Matthew , Mark , Luke and John -RRB- and the director is the son of David Bowie . Those were the highlights for me . Fini.Many , many sci-fi films pay homage , in some respect , to previous ground breaking films of the same genre . `` Moon '' , however , was so derivative and predictably parallel to other films like `` 2001
 Sam Rockwell gives an Oscar worthy performance in an otherwise dark and mediocre film . I can see what the director was aiming for , but he missed the mark big time . The story was decent enough , but the movie was very slow and extremely predictable . The performance of Rockwell , was his best performance to date , however it was wasted on what i thought was a pretty dull movie .
 I 'm a big Hepburn-Tracy fan , but this one lost me from the very beginning with its illogical premise . The idea was to pit Hepburn and Tracy against one another on the topic of gender equality , but it came off as Hepburn having a problem with the world 's view of women and taking it out on her caring and though perhaps ambivalent , certainly not sexist husband , Tracy . Tracy never says women are n't equal , but this does n't stop his wife from going out of her way to take the opposite side of a trial in competition with her husband , turn the courtroom into a circus , and make a laughing stock of the law . The case in question was whether a wife intended to kill her husband -LRB- intent to murder -RRB- or merely injure -LRB- assault -RRB- him . What that has to do with gender equality is beyond me , so the rest of the film made pretty much no sense . Perhaps some more perspective on the thoughts of the time would have helped , but it seems that in a case where a woman attacks a man , the woman usually gets away with a lot more than a man would , but Hepburn 's opinion was that the woman would be convicted of a worse crime because of her gender.The film was essentially Hepburn 's character going on a rant about women 's rights and left me wondering when some sanity would enter the scene . The sanity does come when Hepburn admits she was wrong about the case , but there 's no apology , and the ending is a vague make-up for no real reason other than that they love each other and not that they 've come to an accord over the subject of gender equality -LRB- which again never really fit with the trial or the domestic incivility happening at home -RRB- .
 Yes , as a few have dared post here , this is one of those sacred cows of Hollywood that simply does not deliver . Perhaps it is not fair to post this review , because I just could not endure it after 25 or so minutes . Numbingly contrived . Humorous ? Good luck trying to find it . Hepburn in my opinion is ridiculously lionized . Spencer Tracy , however , is an acting marvel in such films as Father of the Bride.Let Maltin and the other so-called expert critics do duty to Tinsel town rather than risk alienating their insider friends and colleagues . Not I. Maybe it 's a matter of `` comedy '' as they say being such a difficult thing , and much of it having a short shelf life .
 I feel this is one of those movies that everybody calls a classic just because they would n't dare go against it . Well , I will . Except for the hilarious opening , with Judy Holiday trying to kill her husband , I just did n't think this movie was that funny . The dialogue between Hepburn and Tracy is amusing , but not laugh-out-loud funny . Some may disagree , I know . But watch this movie not thinking it 's a famous grand comedy , and you may find that it 's not really all that funny . I do n't know ... . it could just be me . But be warned!For a good Hepburn film , see Bringing Up Baby . For a good Tracy film , see Inherit the Wind . For a good movie about Bruce Campbell fighting zombies , see Army of Darkness .
 This was billed as a comedy but most of the jokes do n't age well at all . They belong in the `` may raise a smile here and there '' category but you 'll rarely find yourself capable of raising even a polite laugh throughout . The only `` joke '' that I thought was good was when Kip tells Amanda that lawyers should never marry lawyers because it eventually leads to more lawyers . Otherwise , it 's just another one of the arguments for equality of the sexes which I found boring and barely entertaining . I you want to find a good film with both Hepburn and Tracy doing an excellent acting job together you 'll have to look for `` Guess Who 's Coming To Dinner '' which ironically happens to be Tracy 's last film . As for this film , it does n't age well and I found myself impatiently waiting for it to end.To make things worse , this DVD version has n't been restored and so picture imperfections abound throughout the film where we frequently get an irritating black circle that keeps popping up around the top right hand corner of the screen in addition the the white spots everywhere else . The sound quality is very , very poor as well and coupled with no Special Features worth talking about as well makes this a poor value proposition indeed.If you are a die-hard Hepburn/Tracy fan and still want to get this farce then I would recommend waiting for a much better restored version to surface . As it is here , I would n't recommend this DVD as worthy of being a coaster for your coffee cup.Not recommended !
 The movie is a victim of poor writing . It has not held up over the years very well , but is a quite stilted and two-dimensional 1940s `` battle of the sexes '' movie . -LRB- Ah do declare ! Ladies can be doctors and lawyers ! Zounds ! -RRB- The movie would have been worth seeing if Tracy had decked Kip and divorced Amanda ... . Good acting , certainly , but I found myself glancing at my watch throughout . -LRB- The fact that the writers had obviously never been in a courtroom added to my displeasure -RRB- .
 I thought the actors were better than the script , and I thought the script was artificial , wooden and deadly dull . It simply was not funny . I did n't even care much for Judy Holliday -LRB- the only reason I watched and then kept a copy of this DVD -RRB- , who , incidentally , did NOT win an Oscar for this flick ! Hepburn was one of the kindest human beings in the theater -LRB- in the world ! -RRB- and Tracy has long been a hero of mine , I love them both , but not in this fast-talking turkey . Only two things got my interest . What was Holliday 's intention and did she kill Ewell at the start -LRB- I guess that 's two things right there -RRB- , and how did they manage the transexual metamorphoses at the end . I really did n't like it . Really .
 First of all let me say Katharine Hepburn is my favorite actor of all time . Now let me say how much I despised this movie . I had high hopes for this film since I like Judy Holliday and Jean Hagen , however i can not begin to describe to you how ludicrous this film is . If you have not seen this film save yourself see any other Katharine Hepburn film , or read a book , just do n't watch this film . The plot is boring and contrived , and although this film is trying to make a statement about equal rights for women I think it fails . Katharine Hepburn relies too much on Spencer Tracy and the end of the film is a complete let down .
 With her perpetual look of wide-eyed innocence , it may be hard for actress Alexis Bledel to break away from her squeaky clean Gilmore Girl alter ego . She practically grew up in front of our eyes and I , for one , fell in love with her . As she moved into movies , she 's had notable success sticking close to this TV persona -LRB- say Traveling Pants or the underrated Tuck Everlasting -RRB- in coming-of-age roles . But when she tries to break free from typecasting with edgier fare , the results are a bit more mixed -LRB- for example , a prostitute in Sin City -RRB- . I do n't fault her for wanting to take on the lead in the low budget Canadian project `` The Kate Logan Affair , '' but it 's not a particularly easy fit . It does n't help that the film 's screenplay presents one of the most painfully overwrought and wildly unbelievable scenarios that you 're likely to encounter . It 's the equivalent of a Lifetime Network movie gone bad where the entire `` thriller '' element revolves around an event that poses no real suspense . Truth is , I never believed one second of this movie or one moment of Bledel 's performance -LRB- which was sadly more grating than I 'd like to think possible -RRB- . Bledel plays a rookie cop -LRB- somewhat unconvincingly -RRB- who starts the film by making a false arrest on a visiting businessman played by Laurent Lucas . I knew I was in for trouble as this establishing sequence is so poorly executed . In an attempt to make amends , the two share a drink . Bledel and Laurent have no apparent sexual chemistry -LRB- he 's like a kindly uncle in all their interactions -RRB- , but that does n't stop a torrid affair from beginning despite the fact he has a loving wife . I wo n't spoil the details of this increasingly preposterous thriller . Let 's just say that a random mishap -LRB- which any rational person would have dealt with in about 15 minutes -RRB- leads the couple to go on the lam -LRB- which is ridiculous -RRB- . The plot than veers into melodramatic overdrive as Bledel becomes desperate and conniving . The small initiating event escalates into a complete mental melt down.I enjoyed some of the lunatic plot twists in the film 's final acts , but you have wade through so many annoying and repetitive scenes to get there . If you 're going to make a bad movie , at least embrace its campiness and over-the-top unbelievability . That 's what makes the aforementioned Lifetime movies more palatable , they are n't afraid to acknowledge their inherent silliness . `` The Kate Logan Affair '' plays it too straight . The DVD cover and advertising would have you believe that this movie is something entirely different than it is . It is less of a thriller and more about a pair of characters that make poor decisions . Ultimately , I did n't care much either way as the central driving plot point is so relatively insignificant . With unconvincing performances , plot developments , and dialogue -- I ca n't really make this any sort of recommendation . I guess I 'm feeling generous , though , I 'll give it an extra star for the last minute twists . KGHarris , 4/12 .
 Rory , Rory , Rory . . What has become of you ? I guess it 's not fair of me to base my feelings about this movie on my need for Alexis Bledel to remain Rory like , but I just really did not like her in this role at all . . for one thing , she just was n't believable as a manipulative , seductive woman . . The story line is really stupid as far as I was concerned . I kept watching thinking this has to get better , but it did n't . . I wo n't spoil the end , but if you 're like me , someone who tries to make sense out of things , you 'll find yourself saying , come on ... would n't the authorities be questioning this , that and the other thing , and would n't other people who witness the `` twist '' be saying , wait a minute ... that 's the the sequence of noise that I heard . . Just kind of a ridiculous story line , and I hope Alexis will go back to playing sweetheart roles , because she 's really good at them and that 's where her audience is.I 'd love to see her in another series like the Gilmore Girls . . That 's where she shines . .
 I can not buy this actress as a cop , and the story is too farfetched to make much sense or keep you from rolling your eyes . She does one stupid thing after another , commits crimes , and ... spoilers ... gets away with it . Just wrong .
 Cast selection had a made-for-TV formula feel -LRB- stereotypes for a female cop and her cohorts ; stereotypes of a salesman and motel personnel , etc. -RRB- . The portrayals were unbelievable , robotic and overly scripted . Directing , editing and cinematography had that one person crew with a camera ; jumping scenes ; cheapness . Worst was the script in foisting an implausible series of events conjoined with the usual dumb investigative cops . Seemed like a Twinkie movie with not much of a beginning and not much of an end with even less in the middle .
 With her perpetual look of wide-eyed innocence , it may be hard for actress Alexis Bledel to break away from her squeaky clean Gilmore Girl alter ego . She practically grew up in front of our eyes and I , for one , fell in love with her . As she moved into movies , she 's had notable success sticking close to this TV persona -LRB- say Traveling Pants or the underrated Tuck Everlasting -RRB- in coming-of-age roles . But when she tries to break free from typecasting with edgier fare , the results are a bit more mixed -LRB- for example , a prostitute in Sin City -RRB- . I do n't fault her for wanting to take on the lead in the low budget Canadian project `` The Kate Logan Affair , '' but it 's not a particularly easy fit . It does n't help that the film 's screenplay presents one of the most painfully overwrought and wildly unbelievable scenarios that you 're likely to encounter . It 's the equivalent of a Lifetime Network movie gone bad where the entire `` thriller '' element revolves around an event that poses no real suspense . Truth is , I never believed one second of this movie or one moment of Bledel 's performance -LRB- which was sadly more grating than I 'd like to think possible -RRB- . Bledel plays a rookie cop -LRB- somewhat unconvincingly -RRB- who starts the film by making a false arrest on a visiting businessman played by Laurent Lucas . I knew I was in for trouble as this establishing sequence is so poorly executed . In an attempt to make amends , the two share a drink . Bledel and Laurent have no apparent sexual chemistry -LRB- he 's like a kindly uncle in all their interactions -RRB- , but that does n't stop a torrid affair from beginning despite the fact he has a loving wife . I wo n't spoil the details of this increasingly preposterous thriller . Let 's just say that a random mishap -LRB- which any rational person would have dealt with in about 15 minutes -RRB- leads the couple to go on the lam -LRB- which is ridiculous -RRB- . The plot than veers into melodramatic overdrive as Bledel becomes desperate and conniving . The small initiating event escalates into a complete mental melt down.I enjoyed some of the lunatic plot twists in the film 's final acts , but you have wade through so many annoying and repetitive scenes to get there . If you 're going to make a bad movie , at least embrace its campiness and over-the-top unbelievability . That 's what makes the aforementioned Lifetime movies more palatable , they are n't afraid to acknowledge their inherent silliness . `` The Kate Logan Affair '' plays it too straight . The DVD cover and advertising would have you believe that this movie is something entirely different than it is . It is less of a thriller and more about a pair of characters that make poor decisions . Ultimately , I did n't care much either way as the central driving plot point is so relatively insignificant . With unconvincing performances , plot developments , and dialogue -- I ca n't really make this any sort of recommendation . I guess I 'm feeling generous , though , I 'll give it an extra star for the last minute twists . KGHarris , 4/12 .
 Very quickly a sense of dread was felt - script seemed poorly written , lacked believability-Alexis hard to accept as police officer . Who on earth thought of that way of `` seducing '' the french guy ? Anyway i could ` nt sense any motivation for her attempting it
 I think that 's the worst thing I 've ever heard . Why would anyone say that . What human being would say that.I liked part 1 , so when I saw there was a sequel , even knowing it had a very low rating , I wanted to give it chance . I love time travel movies , so if this was ANYTHING like the first one , at a minimum I figured I would get a moderate amount of enjoyment out of it.All I got was a moderate amount of homicidal thoughts after this . I ca n't believe that professionals can actually create something so bad . Put aside the bland acting and the boring writing for a second , and look at the way the script was structured . The movie was a little less than 90 minutes long , yet nothing even happens for the first 52 minutes , when the movie 's more than half over . There was no development of story or characters whatsoever . A complete waste of 52 minutes of screen time.Whoever wrote this did the equivalent of building a roller coaster that travels from one side of the park to the other without EVER GOING UP , and instead travels across in a completely straight line , and so as you exit off the coaster , you 're wondering `` wtf was that ?? '' The writer of this story forgot to add the one key element that makes all stories work on some level
 I actually thought the first one was ok . This one was just crap . Was it an after school movie?Maybe rent it and waste your time but do n't buy it unless it is for a relative who you do n't like .
 Whereas the original Butterfly Effect is one of the most divisive movies in science fiction -LRB- a genre that 's filled with divisive movies that are loved and hated -RRB- , the most one can disagree with on this movie is how much we hate this thing . Do you hate it , or merely dislike it as a waste of time?Of course , most straight-to-DVD movies are harmless fluff that are ok on their own standards , this one is bad even without the first movie . The characters are bland . The situation is inane . Nothing is ever explained . Our hero looks at a picture . Things get all wonky . Suddenly he 's back in time . He changes something . The future is changed , but how much ? And is it really for the better ? How is this any different than the first movie ? Well , the first movie at least took the time to give us the technobabble . Sure , the technobabble is usually vain but in this case , it 's a little important . And the first movie raised the stakes by throwing in an `` every jump could be his last '' immediacy , the sequel decides to let the guy have a nosebleed without explanation.Even more odious is the low stakes of the jumps . Sure , Erica Durance dies in the beginning so you can see why he jumps back . Only when he jumps back the second time , he is doing it to get that promotion in the badly managed company . That 's it . Ashton Kutchner was losing limbs , turning his friends into serial killers , driving other friends to suicide and ending up in fraternities . This shmuck loses a bad job and then gets it back only to see that he 's working too hard . Oh the humanity.All in all a wretched movie by a screenwriter without imagination or humor . It contains none of the charm of the first movie and does n't even try to have fun with the `` go back in time and mess things up '' concept . I would give it a second star for Erica Durance in trashy underwear , but it ca n't even begin to make up for the rest of the movie .
 I can only wish I could alter my past and have rented something else . I can honestly say the original Butterfly is one of my favorite movies . This `` sequel '' is not even shadow of the original . It seemed that the altered outcome kept getting dumber and dumber . At one point I asked myself if this was a comedy . Sadly it was n't .
 I received an early copy of this film last week from a friend in the distribution business . This film is the worst stright to DVD film i have ever seen . I loved the first one , and still do , but after watching the sequel , i wonder if i can even look at the first one the same . Not one returning actor , and the ending is horrible . If you really have to see it , con one of your friends into renting it .
 I thought my head was going to explode halfway through this incomprehensible movie . I got a review screener and was hoping for the best . Is it too much to ask that the alleged story make sense ? I use the word story very loosely here.New Line should supply some kind of editing software and give a prize to anyone who can re-edit this straight to DVD movie into a cohesive story . It might only be a few minutes long but I think it 's possible . The bigger question of course is
 1 star is giving this movie too much credit.The original Butterfly Effect was so amazing . Detailed layed time-line , wonderful acting , rich plot , no holes or questions left unawnsered when the credits roled -LRB- any version -RRB- . The came along this ` sequal . ' New Line Cinima had no business creating this . It was so horrible that I wish I never saw it . The 2nd one ca n't ruin the 1st but I lost respect for the whole movie concept after seeing this aweful waste of time . The main charater 's motivations are not his loved one 's but his own in this one . Absolutly nothing like the first . A pre-qual would have made more sense here.Basically , if you like the first one , watch it again . Do n't watch this movie . Just plain bad .
 This movie is a rehash of the first , but it is a crappy , unconvincing , emotionally uninspiring movie.Let me guess what part 3 will be about
 This is one of his movies he was suppose to be in it he was good in the first one ... He 's not in this one that sucks !!! I think he should make more movies ... I love watching his movies ... he is the best of the best actors ! : -RRB-
 The first Butterfly Effect is one of my all-time favorite movies . With that in mind , I eagerly started watching BE2 . Within the first 5 minutes it became clear that I was going to have to stretch the truth in order to claim this was a good movie . But after finishing it , it was clear that I would have to flat-out lie to do that.There is one and only one redeeming factor in this movie
 I was semi-excited to see this coming out today , now , I do n't know what to say but ... SAVE YOUR MONEY . This is n't even really a sequel , its almost a B-run rip off of the first ... but it even discraces B-movies . Yes , the guy can shift outcomes by warping through time using pictures . . but that is the only thing this film has in common with the first . The movie is simple enough , he goes back to save his friends from death from the car accident they had as they were going back to town for the main character to get to work . Now , easy enough fix to this , warp back in time to the picture she took at the park , decide to stay , movie over , sorry it was so short . No , they tried to make a story from it . He warps back using the other picture from the car , now what was wrong with that story line , he gets greedy . Then he warps back using a christmas photo ... and it gets worse for him , no woman and in with a mafia guy who kills his friend . Now , he finally decides to use the picture from the park , and he manages to mess this up . All he had to do is say he will stay all day , and then he should ask her news first . But no , he dumps her , says nothing until it 's to late again , and then he ends up sacrificing himself to save her ... who goes on to have their baby ... and they even left a sliver of a chance for sequel for this junk to top it all off.Summed up , movie could have been over in 5 minutes , lets drag it to 92 . Even when they tired to keep you intriged by `` hinting '' at a lost pregnancy , they telegraphed it from the begining by her `` wanting to share news '' , which is usually in a movie Pregnancy news , and then even after the first warp her laying it for him as saying `` we both know what we lost with the accident '' and it sailing by this idiots face . Just honestly , SAVE YOUR MONEY , or rent it if you just ca n't resist seeing a bad movie . Or as one other reviewer stated , con a friend into renting it for you , although i think you may loose that friend after they realize what they rented .
 I was not satisfied with this movie . I did not expect it to be similar to the first version of The Butterfly Effect . However , what I did expect was that the film would at least do a decent job of telling the story in an effective manner similar to the first . It failed , however . The acting was lousy . The script was poor . The movie was an embarrassment and should have had substantial revisions . Unfortunate .
 Ok , Bottom line , i did ` nt barely remember the first one ... so this cameas sort of a new movie . I knew the movie was in trouble when it started just too slow ... but finally as things got moving i found the movie fairly good and kept me awake till the end . Its not the best , but its certainly not as bad as how the other critics saw it .
 -LSB- Includes Mild Spoilers -RSB- So they made a sequel again . Not that I am blaming them for that , but at least they could have done that much better than `` The Butterfly Effect 2 '' where the hero with a special ability to go back in time finds once again that fixing things are not easy as it seems . Or does he ? The difference is that `` BE2 '' has neither Ashton Kutcher nor the tightly-knit script of the original that made the film an instant hit.Eric Lively plays Nick Larson , who loses his girlfriend Julie -LRB- Erica Durance -RRB- in a car accident . One year later Nick learns that he can change the course of the events by literally going back to the day when the fatal accident happened . But does he succeed ? Of course he does.According the concept of `` Butterfly Effect , '' a small change can alter the whole world - like Ray Bradbury 's famous story - and that is also the point of the first film . In the sequel , however , Eric can do what he thinks he has to do so easily -LRB- after a wobbling image surrounding him and a headache -RRB- that there is no point of using the fascinating concept of the title . Actually , you have no intricate plot , no mystery , no characters to relate , and no good ending . You only get stereotypical characters including `` terrifying '' gangsters , and silly love-making . To make matters worse , Eric even uses his special power to do what ordinary people -LRB- like me -RRB- usually do with hard working
 At the end of this film , you are left with the thougt that life is too short , and I wasted it watching this film . The storyline starts out with good intentions , and had the potential to be a good sequel , but the tale wears thin , and it becomes very obvious where it is going to go , and then when you think it is going to go bad , it just ends , in a very corny way . I would highly recommend if you must see this , borrow it , but try not to pay for it even at rental prices ... unless you get it as a freebie .
 First off I would like to say that this movie does n't even deserve 1 star , if I could , I would have given it 0 or negative stars . I am extremely pissed at the fact that they produced a follow up . The first Butterfly Effect was amazing and I loved it , they ended the movie with no intention of making a second film . Creating a crappy straight-to-DVD sequel not only puts more -LSB- ... -RSB- onto the portfolio for the unoriginal and non-creative Hollywood , but it also ruins the original for the fans . Why does Hollywood think that if you have something good , you should milk it for all it 's worth ? 9 times out of 10 they end up ruining a good thing . Why did n't they get it through their thick skulls that IT WAS NEVER MEANT TO HAVE A SEQUEL !!!! Do n't waste your time watching this POS -LRB- and certainly not your hard earned money supporting these directors -RRB- , most likely you wo n't be able to look at the original the same way again .
 I really liked Ashton Kutcher 's version , in my opinion , a very good movie but this ... It seems like the director did n't understand the first part . I expected it would be a similar story but , it really sucked . Do n't waste your time and money with this movie .
 This movie is not so much a sequel to the original , but simply a film that borrows that film 's premise and tries to rejuvenate it with different touches . Ultimately , it does n't work because the script and pacing are weak , and although Eric Lively and Erica Durance are charming in their roles , their thespian skills do n't really convince us they 're sincere in their performances . There is also no real explanation for Lively 's abilities and when he makes his final `` return '' , why does n't he just not go to work and then maybe ... well , do n't want to spoil it . It 's not a rotten movie , but it 's merely another direct to video release that wo n't stay with you too long .
 A pathetic piece of rubbish , `` enacted '' by pathetic `` actors . '' Do yourself a favour and stay clear . Hard to find 20 words for this . Sorry , one star too many .
 I love the idea . The lead actor is not interesting and there are a lot of holes left in the story . There is one wonderful sex scene in the beginning . It occurs while he is in love so it is engaging .
 This is nothing like the movie Buttwefly effect , I thought it would be a sequial or at least similar to the first movie . I was really disapointesd .
 Aww , what the heck ... I watched the whole thing , so what can I tell ya ? I did find it watchable , obviously . I read a few reviews and did n't see a mention of one thing I found hilarious : About the 67 minute 40 second mark , the lead character says to his girlfriend , who has been shot , `` Oh Julie . '' He then sits down next to her and clearly says , `` JUDY ! '' :--RRB- I have seen a lot worse , many of which I did n't finish .
 I had seen the first Butterfly Effect years ago when it first came out . I absolutely loved it , and it rose to be one of my top favorite movies . Some time later , I saw that they released this sequel . It was clearly a B-movie that slipped under the radar and had no promotions whatsoever . I was n't convinced , and I avoided it like the plague.Just a few days ago , I found a combo pack of the two movies at the store for very cheap . I 'd never owned the first one unfortunately and I could n't beat the cheap price . Plus , I figured I 'd just take a look at the sequel and maybe give it a chance . The cheap cost made buying it worth it just for the first one alone.Now , I did n't think that the Butterfly Effect 2 was the worst sequel ever made , but it was n't good by any means . The plot feels like a remix of the first , using some of the same elements in what gets `` messed up '' when he goes back to try and fix things.None of the original actors return , so do n't hold your breath for that.There is absolutely no suspense either . There is no `` climax '' in the story , nothing . It seems to go at about the same pace for the entire movie . I think it may be because of this that there 's no surprises either . Everything seemed very obvious to me , and I was able to guess just about every `` turning point '' that the movie had.There was no emotional impact unlike the original , and you could not feel any emotion for either main character regardless of what happened to them . Everything that the characters do and say feels very forced , not like they are actually feeling said emotions.Despite its flaws , I sat through it until the end without thinking `` I need to just shut this off '' so I suppose did enjoy it to some degree . I 'm not sure just how much -LRB- I doubt it was much -RRB- , but it at least was n't bad enough for me to turn it off.If you 're skeptical , walk away , and you 'll be just fine never seeing it . If you 're just dying to see it , maybe a rent would n't hurt .
 This movie looks like it is going to be good gem about black magic and stuff , but the acting , budget , set and characters are so bad it 's hard to watch it all the way through . It has asian african american and caucasian people interacting in ways that are unreal . It seems like they walked up a street and found people to fill in parts for the movie . You never get the feel that this is a real movie and you never feel for the actors .
 All he wanted was a wife . One that would love , honor , and care for him . He kept getting women that used him for his money , so he locked them in the basement . He has dreams and wakes up to find himself turning into a monster . He has to beg his lord to make him young again . In his Vineyard there are bodies of the dead which return to life night after night . When a group of would be actors and actresses visit the island to be in one of his movies , will they figure out his darkest secrets ?
 After 6 minutes any south park show I download is bugged I bought 3 shows sadly I need a refund due to this bug I think amazon tried to block certain parts but it blocked the rest of the video you can still hear everything .
 Notice the 1 minute run time on this ... I did n't read that , so do n't make the same mistake
 The company that produced this item must have no quality control dept. I purchased this item as a gift and Disk # 2 was missing from this set and I gave it as a gift and I was very embarrassed when the item was opened on Christmas eve . I know of 2 other people that had the same problem !
 Not sure how Amazon comes up with a person 's recommendations , but it is not a list I made , as I do not like South Park , but there they have it in my recommendations , and yes I have seen a few episodes . Interesting writing sometimes , but I hate that kind of cartoon look . It even annoys me , and it is a little too crude in general for me , or appealing to the stupid too much , or something , maybe exemplified by the very basic style of the cartoon drawings . I do n't care if other people like it , so do n't bother to comment . Just get it off my list , and then you can remove this review .
 I ordered this directly from Amazon and I was immediately disappointed . It came in a thin cheap case and appeared to be the same quality as the $ 1 DVDs you find in the deep discount stores . No menu , it just starts and is a poorly edited black and white film.This is advertised as Jane Powell 's 2nd film . Her singing is wonderful and so her acting , except when she starts to cry . I also liked Ralph Bellamy , Arthur Treacher , and Ruth Tobey . The film has it 's cute moments although the plot is thin . It 's about a 15 year old girl in a boarding school that thinks that her older sister is a Broadway actress.I would recommend it to a Jane Powell or Arthur Treacher fan , but buy one of the cheaper dvds and save your money .
 The movie is cute ... long on singing short on plot . The problem is the poor quality of the DVD ... it was not digitally enhanced and it was like watching an old newsreel ... skipped and sputtered in spots and was painful to watch .
 Nice early Jane Powell musical . Good cast and very `` delightful to watch . Could be more enjoyable if print was restored . Not great , but fun .
 I was bored to the point of wanting to pull my eyeballs out and pierce my eardrums with searing hot pokers . The biggest waste of cash I ever spent . Sorry to the person who made it but it was the most awful short movie about nothing .
 It typically takes a comedy a few episodes to find its voice , but I think this one found it and then lost it . The high point for me was the first season episode where the gang enables underage drinking and tries to relive high school as `` cool kids '' rather than losers . This episode was disturbing , complex and very funny . When Danny DeVito comes on board , the show quickly devolves into lots and lots of shouting matches as a substitute for comedy -LRB- not DeVito 's fault , but more a problem with the writing -RRB- . Too bad . I give the first disc three and a half stars , but the second one is hard to watch - hence the two stars .
 Our college-aged kids told us how funny this series is so we started at series one to catch up . We were `` challenged '' to find its humor . It was one idea for the whole show and it went slowly ... but we persevered thru the first 7 or so thinking it was us . When the kids came home they admitted it did n't get funny till Danny Devito comes on the scene , which is NOT on the first CD . False advertising on the jacket with his face the biggest ? I guess it serves as character background . Better to start maybe with later series with DD in it already .
 I feel the same way A Norwood felt . After a couple of eposides I was bored out of my mind . The charactors are stupid but are not funny . If you want stupid and funny , save your money or buy the Trailor Park Boys . Now thats a show of the serious funny and crazy . . Yea Bubbles ... Boo Charlie . . T.Thompson
 I bought the movie and the image and sound quality were horrible . It was almost unwatchable the show is awesome nobody does it better than the sunny crew but amazon sucks .
 The DVD set came in fast and it was sealed well . But some of the disc holders inside were broken so the DVDs moved around and some were scratched .
 I LOVE `` It 's Always Sunny '' ! The DVD itself worked great , was complete , etc. . However , the case was cracked & broken and looked awful . Considering I was giving it as a gift , it was less than desirable . I ended up keeping it for myself & buying a non-damaged copy from BestBuy .
 I bought this show -LRB- for next to nothing , while overseas with no access to normal TV -RRB- on a recommendation - because it was supposedly very funny . I watched most of the first season and a couple of episodes from the second and could stomach no more . I kept waiting for the stories to get interesting or the characters to get enjoyable , for ANYTHING enjoyable about either one to pop up . Never happened.The three guys that act the main characters out are rediculously over the top in just about every scene . That is hugely annoying . And the people they play have absolutely ZERO likeability . Redeemable qulaities that might make up for it once in a while ? Forget it . They are consistent twits . To make things worse , the stories are just plain stupid . If you have zero interest in the story or in any of the characters , the show stinks . It really is awful.My apologies to all you die hard fans of this show but you 're right , I do n't get it 's appeal and I do n't want to.My last effort in dealing with it was dropping it in the garbage can .
 I bought this following the reviews on here favorably comparing the show to Seinfeld and Arrested Development , two of my favorite comedies . but I see almost no similarity.I only made it two episodes in before my dislike of the show was cemented . frankly , I was bored . maybe the show improves and gains its hilarity further down the line , but a show that I hate after the first episode does n't warrant continuing to find out.the characters have absolutely no redeeming qualities and are just horrible people , which leads to possible comedic situations , but falls flat there . the situations just end up embarrassing and pathetic , and there 's almost no way to relate to the characters . Seinfeld 's draw is the point when one sits back and says , `` you know , they 're absolutely right . `` if you 're looking for Seinfeld or Arrested Development , go watch those . or the Office or something .
 Self-consciously bad acting , like watching a table read , like they 're completely apathetic to bringing their characters to life or playing a scene with any believability , which robs the vaguely comedic banter of it 's already limited potential to be engaging . It 's a lot like Stella in that regard . I suppose what they do could be considered `` comedy troupe acting '' , all actors just speaking in slightly exaggerated versions of their own voice . Characters call each other `` dude '' , seemingly in tribute to the the slacker goofball characters in Bill And Ted and Dude Where My Car , but they are n't very slackery , goofballish , or otherwise posessing much personality at all.The show 's most definitive feature is it 's endearingly low production values and anything-goes writing , but it makes little use of the potential in this style , generally basing content around tv news topics and plot points that have more relevence to filmmaking conventions than everyday life . The sheer unrelatability of most scenarios and character choices makes any Seinfeld comparison unfounded , and next to South Park any claim of envelope pushing is laughable . The end product is basically what you 'd expect if you got any bunch of `` alternative '' minded comedians together and gave them one day per episode to make a season . With the proviso that none of the comedians have much natural charisma .
 This is the first Amazon Instant Video that has not opened . Reports as `` Content Error '' on different days and times , so is not just a connection issue . Was able to open another product from Amazon after trying 3 times yesterday .
 This dvd was like the narrators home movie of his trip . Although , he does give some historical backgrounds to the sights it is definitely not worth what you pay . I was bored with it and it didnt even excite me to want to go on my trip !
 horrible movie . the only good thing about movie is the dad from american pie plays the elementary school teacher . i was tempted to actually buy this , than found it on netflix . so glad i didnt buy it .
 Ok , first off , he 's not a monster , although he 's billed as one . Everywhere I have seen Gooby described , the word `` monster '' is used , but he is just a very large teddy bear . My children were expecting a monster and got an oversized stuff animal . I disliked how lots of the situations were handled and also thought the ending was unsatisfactory . I just was n't happy with this one .
 Gooby was ghetto ... enough said . A Definite must skip film . I know what somebody 's getting as their white elephant this year !
 What I Dislike about This Version is When Lady Chatterley went to Meet Her Lover she Did Not wear any Stockings on but instead went Bare Legged . -LRB- Yuck -RRB- I Like the Later versions Better for the later version did Feature Stockings On Lady Chatterley Which I Like Better . Skip this Version & Try The Version Starring Sylvia Kristel made in 1981 or 1982 .
 Really did not like the movie . It was in black and white and I was really disappointed . Wish I would n't have rented it . Do not recommend .
 I really did n't like the adultery part and that made the whole thing bad for me . The movie started out very well . until when the cheating thing started .
 This movie was AWFUL . And not in a bad-Jackie-Chan-movie-is-good way . This movie was actually horrible . See , there are a few things about bad -LRB- good -RRB- Jackie Chan movies that the producers apparently forgot .1 -RRB- Jackie 's character must be named `` Jackie . `` 2 -RRB- Jackie 's character -LRB- or `` Jackie '' -RRB- must start the movie as a cab driver , or butler , or similarly innocuous occupation , and only get roped into crime-fighting ACCIDENTALLY . This way , he can go half the movie with a confused look on his face .3 -RRB- If there are artifacts or other elements of Eastern mythology , they are introduced by a sexy female archaeologist .4 -RRB- If there is a sidekick , he must actually be FUNNY -LRB- i.e. Owen Wilson -RRB- .5 -RRB- Jackie must appear naked at some point in the movie -LRB- actually , they remembered this one -RRB- .6 -RRB- The outtakes ought to show Jackie doing things that would get a regular , non-Jackie-Chan person killed.I am disappointed to say that this is one of the worst bad movies I 've seen in a while . However , in watching the deleted scenes on the DVD , I find that the directors spared us from an even WORSE movie . So thank goodness for that .
 I wish I were joking when I say that this is probably the worst movie I 've seen -LRB- okay , no , House of the Dead was worse , but still -RRB- - but I 'm not . The jokes are lame , the plot is non exsistant , the action is cheesy -LRB- what 's going on Jackie ?? -RRB- , there are random scenes thrown into this movie that make NO SENSE at all and have absolutely no bearing whatsoever on the movie . The blue screen moments are so bad that you will feel like you 're watching something from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 . If I could give this ZERO stars , I would because there is nothing redeeming about this movie at all . I 'm so sad about it , because normally I 'm quite entertained by Jackie Chans work -LRB- mostly his Hong Kong work -RRB- but this is just trash .
 This is maybe worth a rental or if you can find a cheap used version . I enjoy Jackie Chan so I 'll watch anything he 's in . But this one was difficult.The dialogue is bad and it 's made SO much worse by all the crappy dubbing ! There is very little Cantonese so it would have been fine to give us subtitles . Most of the film is in English . The incredibly annoying problem is Anthony Wong 's voice actually changes in the film ! It 's him when he speaks to the English speakers -LRB- he can speak English fine -RRB- but they dubbed him when he 's speaking to the Cantonese actors . Great ... two voices ?!?! It 's so obvious in some scenes as he goes from English to Cantonese and back again that it 's annoying.Don ' t spend too much money on this flop , but if you 're a JC fan it 's hard not to see all his films . Skip Medallion until you 've seen the rest . Surprisingly there are some good co-stars here , which is why I give this two stars instead of one . Medallion might be be tied with Tuxedo as the worst JC film , just because of all the guest stars . Otherwise Tuxedo is a bit better since it 's a solid two star film .
 Do n't waste your money , much less your time . Awful , awful , awful . About half-way through you get the impression that everyone just gave up .
 I love Jackie Chan and all of his movies , buy I will admit this is not one of his best . It 's quite bad actually , I bought it cos it was cheap and I like to own all of Jackie 's movies in my collection . Not even Claire Forlani could really save this one , she looks totally out of place in this movie . I only recommend it to serious Jackie fans , I could n't imagine anyone else getting through the whole 85 minutes .
 It 's one of the worst movies starring Jackie Chan . It 's not funny . The fighting scenes are not great either.I regret watching this movie in the theatre .
 I usually like Jackie Chan movies , clean , funny , action , good stuff . And this one had Claire Forlani , awesome , and then Lee Evans . I think the story line did n't fit the acts and was just too much for people to take in . Acting was okay , but there was just too much far fetched and unanswered questions to make this believible or interesting . Really , skip this movie , do n't watch , do n't buy !
 I ca n't imagine even the most die-hard Jackie Chan fan getting anything out of this movie . The script was excremental , the plot merely a vehicle for a collection of assorted action scenes , the acting laughable - it 's as if the whole thing were written for young children who should n't see it in the first place because of all the intense violence . Vast portions of this story make little or no sense.To me , the thing it most resembles is that `` Jackie Chan Adventures '' cartoon show , complete with magical medallion . We might have been better off if they made a movie based on that - at least THOSE characters are interesting , and make sense.Honestly , this movie was so bad , it 's Mystery Science Theatre 3000 fodder . It 's a shame they do n't make that show anymore , as it 's the only way I 'm ever likely to derive any pleasure out of seeing this movie . Do n't waste your time .
 This movie was no where near a Jackie Chan-style flick . I do n't know if it is because he is getting old or trying to keep up with the `` Matrix-style '' movies , but it was weak . The acting is terrible , the storyline is broken , and the guy from Something About Mary was appalling . Save your money , if you think you need to see it , wait for it to hit TV or maybe the dollar show .
 The Medallion -LRB- 2003 -RRB- is the kind of movie that could 've worked , but did n't . It was a big budget Hong Kong movie with an international appeal . The finished film had plot holes , an overkill of CGI , deleted key scenes , and an anti-climax ! The humor in the film is a hit or miss affair . This could be our only chance at seeing Jackie Chan and Lee Evans in the same movie . Claire Forlani is sexy and she is one of the better female leads in a Jackie Chan movie . Chan and Evans play secret agents who chase a crime boss . This crime boss is using a child with supernatural powers so he can control the world and gain immortality ! The screenwriters borrow some pages from Raiders of the Lost Ark -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and The Golden Child -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . The film has a dark scene where Jackie Chan 's character dies and is resurrected by a. . . Medallion ! Anthony Wong -LRB- Hard Boiled , Black Mask -RRB- is n't given a lot of lines and he looks silly as a bad guy in fancy clothes ! What 's with the corny Avril Lavigne song playing during the end credits ? Christy Chung was probably cast due to the fact that she speaks fluent English . Columbia-Tristar cut many key scenes from the film that explained why the authorities were going after the villain . The film 's working title was Highbinders . The Medallion was a critical and commercial flop , but we can see it for almost nothing .
 Before I began to bash this film , its not because it is just a gosh awful film , but in comparison to most Chan films this is possibly his weakest entry . Sure , he is getting a little older these days , but he can still put out films like New Police Story , I just do n't understand . If he was aiming for a kids movie with Medallion , then he has succeeded . And if there was anything I did enjoy most from this film , it did n't necassarily come from Chan himself.Bascially , this really did seem like something made for kids . The idea of The Medallion did not appeal to me at all , and seemed rather corny and cheesy . It is about a young boy who holds the power of life and death in a medallion , which he is the chosen protector of . There was n't much exploration throughout the film about the medallion . We get to see it used twice , bringing the Chan character back to life early on and again briefly for the villain . Other than that , this is basically a back and forth chase movie , as bad guys and good guys try to claim the boy and medallion.Most Chan movies have lots of chases - by foot , bicycle , car and who knows what . In Medallion , the action sequences and chases are kind of boring for a Chan film . Lots of wirework and digital graphics are used , which means hardly any real stunts from Jackie . There is a foot chase early on that lasts for several minutes where Chan walks across a row of bicycles and does some other nice things , but thats about it . As far as fights go , I was also dissapointed . Chan fights the bad guy -LRB- Jullian Sands -RRB- twice , but both scenes are laughably bad . There was no skill involved , as everyhting was digital and bad camera work.In addition to a weak story , the characters were quite uninteresting and there was little development between them . The humor you expect from Chan films is a different kind of humor , provided mostly by the Lee Evans character , who is Chan 's partner . For awhile I thought his humor was kind of stupid , but eventually it should give some laughs , and ends up being about the only enjoybale thing out of this film.Don ' t expect anything serious , anything great , or any teriffic action . This is a lousy film that is worth watching once and probably it . I definetly see this designed more for kids . It was just too cheesy and poor for my taste . Jackie Chan fans will most likely be dissapointed .
 This flick stinks.They take a cool idea and destroy it by making it goofy and watering it down until you feel bored by it.They finally give chan a great leading lady and they take it nowhere.lee evans is great but this is the wrong movie for that character.In case you couldnt tell , I didnt like the picture .
 In this movie , Jackie Chan is a Hong Kong detective who investigates a smuggler after an artifact called `` The Medallion '' that can give eternal life to those who wears it . However , there is a child who bears its powers and he was kidnapped . So , of course , Jackie Chan must save the child and stop the bad guys from misusing the Medallion.The problem with this Jackie Chan movie ... is that it 's not a Jackie Chan movie . I am a fan of many actors , such as Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jim Varney , Chris Tucker , but there is no actor I hold as high as Jackie Chan . I have seen virtually every movie of his back from when he was a teenager and I 'm still searching for all the well hidden films of his . To make the point short , I am an enormous Jackie Chan fan.What does that mean ? Basically , it means I 'll watch anything with Jackie Chan in it . Hell , I 'll watch an martial arts porno if it has Jackie Chan in it . What THIS translate to is that I 'm not difficult to please when it comes to Jackie Chan movies . All you have to do is star him and let him fight , preferably for at least 40 % of the movie , and I 'll love it . So how in the hell did this movie turn out like this?Well , because they mess up the fighting scenes . I hate those magical-type martial arts movies and , in this one , Jackie is jumping all over the place . What a misuse of talent . I hated this movie because it did n't have any of the classic Jackie Chan attributes.There was no jaw dropping fight scenes , there was virtually no Jackie-type comedy , there was no ANYTHING ! You could replace Jackie Chan with Jet Li and I do n't think people would notice the difference . This movie is an atrocity and , frankly , it should be torched . Jackie Chan movies from decades ago is better than this .
 Jackie Chan has really cranked out a lot of movies and I have found some of them quite entertaining with action packed fight scenes , good stories , great stunts , and Chan 's self deprecating sense of humor . This is not one of them.There is not much to the plot - Chan is a Hong Kong cop facing off against a super criminal `` Snakehead '' . Snakehead is after a medallion that is possessed by a kid . The medallion gives people special powers . Snakehead kidnaps the kid and Chan is in the hunt to save the kid and keep the medallion out of Snakehead 's hands.Unfortunately , the plot is awful and makes little sense . The fight scenes are not very good . The movie essentially breaks down into a not very interesting series of vignettes that I could never decide whether they were supposed to be funny , scary , thrilling - they were just plan dumb.Chan would be better served to make fewer , higher quality movies than to churn out forgettable fare like The Medallion .
 Jackie Chans latest offering in a kind of Indiana Jones in a Tuxedo sort of movie . Plenty of comedy , action and the usual impressive Chan choreography , but the script is weaker than some of his more recent movies , and this makes the film feel a bit flat . Good fun , but do n't get your hopes too high .
 I really like most Jackie Chan movies , but nothing could redeem this stinker . The less said about the plot , the better . The dialogue was awful . And the action scenes are n't even very good . The most enjoyment I got out of this movie was sitting around afterwards drinking to forget and hoping that in our drunken stupors , the movie would magically make sense and be entertaining .
 This movie was so boring , Jackie Chan can do better than this.The movie makes Jackie Chan look bad , the fight sceens are average and boring , the comedy is not funny especialy that british guy -LRB- Lee Evans -RRB- , he trys so desperately hard to be funny , it becomes exstremely anoiying to even look at this guy.The plot is out dated , it 's been done so many times before , good vs evile.There were only a couple of good stunts , the best one is when Jackie quikly climbs over a large gate to chase after a crimminal.The finnal fight sceen was pitaful , jackie and julian just jump up into the air and throw a couple of punches and kicks at each other , it does n't last very long.Julian Sands does n't know the martial arts in real life , so it looked really bad . The special features are not even worth looking at , the deleted sceens just show some stupid out takes of them laughing because they ca n't get the lines right.Jackie Chan should go back to doing his Hong Kong Stly movies , movies like -LRB- Supercop , Supercop2 , Legend of Drunken Master -RRB- . Most of the peopel who reviewed this movie did n't like it , that tells you right there that this movie is not worth buying or renting .
 And when the DVD comes out , do n't even think about buying it - this was not just bad but stupid and totally illogical . By the time the flick reaches its ' horrendous end , the writers/director do n't even try to pretend that they have a story to tell . This was a really BIG waste of Jackie Chan 's talent and this is a really BIG insult to anyone with a brain .
 The Medallion is n't one of those huge martial arts blockbusters that you would expect with Jackie Chan being in it . The storyline kicks off with a Hong Kong detective named Eddie Yang -LSB- Jackie Chan -RSB- , attempting to apprehend a criminal mastermind known as Snakehead with a fellow partner . He eventually discovers that Snakehead has kidnapped a boy who has the power to work the supernatural abbilites of the `` Medallion '' , a medallion -LSB- Obviously -RSB- , that make people immortal , give them super speed , super strength etc. etc. . Yang dies in the act of rescuing the boy , but is revived with the Medallion and granted supernatural powers and immortality . He then goes to battle Snakehead who gifts himself with the same powers , giving the movie a kind of superhero like edge . The end fight is extremely boring with supernatural people punching eachother around . Some of the quotes in the film are horrible and make no sense and a lot of the film has an air of `` Why did n't he do that earlier ? '' plot which makes the film seem entirely terrible . Do n't even rent this film ... yes its that bad !
 I do n't know why this film is so boring and hard to watch ; using the word `` bad '' to describe this film is too harsh . I mean , its not trying to stink , Jackie does his stunts fairly well and the story is not that terrible.Maybe its the really bad acting by the supporting cast or the fact that Julian Sands is wasted in this film ? Maybe its the fact that one Jackie Chan film is pretty much like any other Jackie Chan film , a few interesting stunts but nothing new . This film also ended with a thud as well.Don ' t bother trying on this medallion , its really not worth the money .
 this movie was horrible I just watched it and it felt like forever . the comedy in the movie sucked there were ONLY 3 scenes that were actually funny and they were with Lee Evans , Jackie was just not his old self in this movie he is either getting old or not in shape , and Claire forlani 's acting was horrible big time the movie could have been way better with out her.I also did not like that most of jackie 's stunts were done with wires . the story line was ok but it needed some real comedy , i was bored through most of the movie and I hope jackie 's talent does n't go to waste and he starts acting in better movies .
 Jackie Chan is funny but all his movies are the same . Plus , they get worse every year . This one takes the cake-I ca n't remember last time i was this bored . This is his worst movie to date . May be he should retire .
 If viewers have read Jackie Chan 's autobiography before , you would know that the main reason why he went to Hollywood is to be able to continue filming as his body would n't keep up with the stunts anymore . Some of the stunts here were done in his old movies before -LRB- that is before he went international -RRB- & truth to be told , there is n't much new stunts to be seen here . The premise of this movie is promising enough with actors such as John Rhys Davies -LRB- from Indiana Jones trilogy & Lord of the Rings fame -RRB- , Julian Sand -LRB- Warlock -RRB- , Claire Florani -LRB- Meet Joe Black , Mystery Men -RRB- , Lee Evans -LRB- Mouse Trap -RRB- , & even Asian stars such as Connie Chung -LRB- still in her best physical form after giving birth to a child -RRB- . However , the script let this movie down big time as it 's SO predictable & I 'm sure that a child would have figured out the ending even before it finishes . In order to appeal to a wider audience , Hollywood tends to pair Jackie with another actor & in this instance , Lee Evans who uses Charlie Chaplin 's slapstick movements in contrast with Tucker 's loud mouth 's persona . The whole movie has been too formulaic & one can notice the rigidity between the actors & actresses . I find it an utter disappointment . I honestly think that this is more or less a B-movie & to have it endorsed by Tri-star is quite unbelievable . I would believe it if `` The Medallion '' comes from Hong Kong but I 'm dead certain that standards of movie-making in Hollywood has upped quite considerably since offering such as `` Matrix '' & `` Lord of the Rings '' trilogies . Either I have too high of an expectation or that Jackie is trapped in his time capsule that audience has moved on since his hype in the 80 's . I still enjoy Jackie Chan 's earlier movies than this . Nowadays , he resorts too much to artificial slings & artificial effects to give him deft moves that he used to take for granted years ago . There is definitely a better movie elsewhere .
 What the hell was I thinking?Paying to go see the Medallion expect a great Jackie Chan movie.I loved Rush Hour 1 and 2 , The Tuxedo was a pretty good film , but this is total crap!The acting is terrible , -LRB- Jackie Chan not only ca n't act , he ca n't even seem to FIGHT here -RRB- , and there 's no plot whatsoever.Anyway you choose to look at it , this movie sucks!As an action flick , there are n't really any proper fights in it , and as a comedy , it 's a one-joke film , with one joke that has been repeated over a million times over 200 years , and was never at all funny to start off with!Don ' t watch it .
 Jackie Chan is an agile Hong Kong cop working with Interpol -LRB- who knew they did anything besides make the warning messages about copying or rebroadcasting DVD 's -RRB- to bust one of the most wanted men in the world . Unfortunately , he is teamed up with Arthur Watson , one of the most bumbling fools on the force -LRB- played by usually funny British comic Lee Evans -RRB- . The bad guy named Snakehead -LRB- played by Julian Sands -RRB- has his eye on a medallion and a kid . When the two parts of the medallion are combined , the recipient will gain super-human strength and immortality . But the kid is as important as the medallion because only he can bring both parts together.Jackie Chan 's love interest in the movie is Claire Forlani , who does a reasonable job as the jilted love that never was called after that weekend of passion . As is my understanding of the way the world works.The plot was n't anything special , but the superpowers thing was done once before -LRB- and done better -RRB- in the movie `` The Tuxedo . '' The writing is spotty at best -LRB- the worst being the 5 minute insinuation that Chan and Lee Evans were homosexuals -RRB- . The action sequences went like this : Running , running , running , dodging pullets , running , jumping through fire , running , running , drowning , running , running , running , etc. . There was so much running in this movie that I was tired just looking at it.Overall , not as painful as a root canal , but I still stumbled to my car after the movie with the same overall feeling of badness in my head .
 I ca n't believe I spent part of my Saturday night watching this film . It starts with Jackie sporting some type of almost mullet-type hairstyle ... and then it gets worse . Horrible special effects , lame fights , stupid story , terrible acting , and bad music ... . and not in a good way . You know how movies are so stupid they 're funny ? This is just stupid . Make it stop , please : -LSB-
 This movie looked really bad so I did n't even bother seeing it . I mean come on , do I really have to waste 2 hours of my life to know I would n't like it ? Wise up , people .
 Now do n't get me wrong , Jackie Chan is one of my favorite actors of all time and I 've loved watching his movies ever since first seeing `` Rumble In The Bronx '' in the spring of 2001 , albeit five years late , and I 've come to enjoy many of his other movies but his 2003 outing called `` The Medallion '' is without a doubt the weakest moive that he 's ever starred in and is a major disappointment considering how great many of his others , or even his other subpar films at least had some funny moments . On here however , even the funny momemts are hardly enough to muster up a laugh at all.Jackie Chan stars as a Hong Kong detective who is investigating a notorious international smuggler who is after a mysterious ancient artifact called The Medallion that resurrects and gives eternal life to those who wear it but a kid who bears it 's power is kidnapped by the smugglers and now the Hong Kong detective must rescue him from them and retrieve the artifact before it is used by the ringleaders.Sadly , being a huge Jackie Chan fan , `` The Medallion '' is by far the most uninspiring movie that he has ever starred in . Even all of the slapstick stunts are nowhere near as funny as like those in classics like `` Rush Hour '' or his cult hit `` Rumble In The Bronx '' . There is virtually nothing that inspires laughs like the truck full of childrens play balls falling off the fourth level parking garage in `` Rumble In The Bronx '' or even those from `` The Tuxedo '' , his weakest movie before this travesty came along.The acting is absolutely ridiculous and even Jackie 's eccentricity that has made him so much fun to watch is n't enough to save this garbage . The acting by almost everyone else does n't help either . Everything about this movie gives a sense of this having ground already been traveled on countless times without giving it a different light.I am a major Jackie Chan fan and have been for many years but this is the first time that I have felt really let down by a movie of his . If this is a sign of artistic decay then `` The Medallion '' is perhaps a crossroad of where Jackie must try to come up with new ideas to bring new magic into his career because this movie has none of that . An outright disappointment .
 This was by far the WORST Jackie Chan movie i have ever seen . Do n't get me wrong , i love Jackie Chan , i have seen most of his movies . Jackie can do anything , climb up walls in less than 5 seconds , stop international threats , and the like . But something that Jackie can not do is lead in a romance movie . It was just so bad , watching him play the romantic , and the girl was such a bad actress , it was painful to watch.Don ' t get me started on the side-kick , he and Jackie just did n't have the chemistry that the other guy and Jackie had in ` Shanghi Noon ' and ` Shanghi Knights ' . The plot line was weird , it 's as if the directors are running out of reasons why Jackie continues to kick ... in movies.I thought that it would be cool to see Jackie catch bullets , and destroy car doors , but even that did n't save the movie . They did n't even show the bullet-catching scene in the movie !! It was only in the trailer !! If you watch this movie and come out thinking this was his ` best ' , i weep for you . For all the others who can see a bad movie a mile away , steer clear of this . I only wish i did n't waste a 1hour and a half of my life watching this horrible excuse for a film when i could have been watching a decent movie like ` House of a 1000 corpses ' -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- .
 Boy is this thing one of the worst films I have ever seen . I know and accept that a Jackie Chan movie does n't care much about its story or characters , and using only a thin plot as an excuse to showcase his near superhuman acrobatic and comedic combat skills . However , this film , especially in the early going , is so lifeless and unexciting that it nearly resembles a funeral procession . There is none of that patented Jackie Chan energy and joy anywhere to be found , and he seems to be just going through the motions of movie making . It ca n't even work as a background distraction and merely annoys with its complete blandness . Worst of all none of the stuntworks were choreographed or filmed with even an ounce of creativity , and simply relegates Jackie to scale tall objects of various types . This is where an infantile script and failed comedy bits come together to murder the film . It 's so bad I actually developed chest pains watching it , and I ca n't say that about too many films . Frankly Jackie deserves better , but perhaps it 's a sign for him to retire . The only saving grace is the delicious presence of female lead Claire Forlani , who is perfection personified . Though that illusion works better with the activation of the mute button . I will still take two of her please . Where was I ? Yeah , Jackie , hire me to work on your scripts , at least the thing would be watchable without causing any physical harm to your loving worldwide audience .
 It 's hard enough to figure out why this film was once called `` High Binders '' let alone why Jackie would short change his fans with this very weak action movie . I thought that the Tuxedo was Jackies weakest picture , although not as bad as everyone had claimed . After seeing the Medallion that film becomes a bit better now that we see that things could have been worse.Where to begin . In this movie we get a Jackie who seems more comfortable with adding special effects to jazz things up . From the opening titles I was pleased to see `` A Jackie Chan Production '' which has always meant quality in the past . Although this may seem to be another Hollywood action flick , it 's actually one of Jackies international movies . He does the smart thing by adding a mostly American star cast , a few recongizable faces makes things feel more at home . Claire Forlani is an excellent choice especially after the dudd of choosing Jennifer Love Hewitt for Tuxedo.This movie ca n't decide if its ' a traditional Chan pic or one of his new jazzy ones that have special effects . In the end we get a -LSB- bad -RSB- version of both . Shanghai Knights was excellent and proved to me that Jackie can still be fresh and new in his action scenes . In this he treads alot of old ground , doing nothing that one would call impressive . The effects , as always , seem to hinder chan rather than help him . It was kinda cool to see him play Superman in the second half of the film but the script was just awful . They actually stop the plot for a kitchen scene montage of jackie and friend cooking dinner to the hit song `` twist and shout '' . If that doesnt say it all I dont know what will.On one positive note actor Lee Evans provides some much needed comic relief and Jackie is left playing the straight man . A pleasing twist but over all it ca n't save this sorry movie.The Accidental Spy was a great film and was also his last previous international movie . What went wrong between these two I will never know . Jackie seems to be giving in to what seems to sell here in American but at the same time he 's doing it completely wrong . Let 's hope for better next time , and forget this movie ever happened .
 I have n't seen every Jackie Chan movie , but I 've seen many of them and this is the worst . I 've never walked out of a film before , not even considered it , but opening night I was there to support Jackie , and half-way in I nearly got up and left . Bad , really , really bad .
 The movie is not that great which most people alredy knew . However , the extrme lack of efforts with this Blu-ray is shocking . Amazon has the wrong spec . about audio ; the disc actually only has PCM stereo -LRB- 2.0 -RRB- !!!!! It 's not even as good as the DVD which has multiple 5.1 language tracks . Buyers be aware .
 This movie was ok , could have been better . It seemed to have a lot of gaps in the storyline . However , it was entertaining . Jason London played a good part . The soundtrack was awesome -- but can not be found . The song `` Timebomb '' was the best !
 Definite change in London 's usual roles , with his characters ' skewed view of love . I found the concept interesting , and it had it 's spots of humor , but the best thing about it was a song called `` Timebomb '' by Flesh , which I can not seem to find ANYWHERE . A `` B '' movie at best , I still ca n't stop myself from watching it .
 Do not buy this movie . Although it had an interesting/original plot , the movie was low budget and was in a nutshell , boring . Wait to see it on cable for free , do n't waste your money buying it .
 I got this CD for free from Pepsi points . If I had spend money on it I would be really upset . If you a fan on vampire movies very disappointing . Reminded me on a bad version of Blade and Resident Evil in the 1800 Century . Do n't waste your money if you really whant to see it , rent it .
 Production was great , the storyline was too intricate and assumes that the viewer can buy off too many fantastic concepts . Kind of a stinker .
 I never received the DVD . I send and e mail to the seller let the person know this situation . . The person answer was
 Only thing this movie had going for it was cinematography , the story was just AWFUL . Seriously not worth the buy . I expected from the good rating it would be good , but was unpleasantly thwarted from this view . The acting is awful as well . music was good though , so I guess it had that too .
 This movie was well acted and had some interesting dialogue . However , the major problem is the extremely slow and weak plot . The movie progresses too slow and the movie has very little character development and action . The special effects are sparse and rarely utilized to its maximum potential . It 's not in the league as The Breed , Underworld , The Hunger , or Interview with the Vampire . Rent before you purchase it for your vampire movie collection . Grade
 This is a visually stylish movie that puts an interesting spin on the vampire myth . Unfortunately this new mythology is underused and this is , in effect , just another ` hunt the monster ' movie . In this respect it is moderately successful but suffers a couple of major flaws . Neither Scott nor Burrows have been suitably cast . Both are talented actors but neither is able to bring their derivative characters to life , despite their best efforts . Scott is forced to recite some woefully portentous , painfully enunciated dialogue , and Burrows has to perform a stereotypical hard-nosed but damaged cop routine . Ally this with a rather predictable plot and the whole thing is bit of a let down . On a brighter note , the ending blatantly paves the way for a sequel . Let 's hope they can improve on this promising but underdeveloped beginning .
 I wish there were a system that would warn consumers if the DVD is a ` film ' or a real movie . This is a film . It just ends with no answers . I had a lot of questions
 Ridiculously bad movie . Looks like it was shot with a camcorder , badly lit , grainy visuals , grotesquely amateurish acting , laughable fight sequences . Save your money.If you want to watch a GOOD movie about doppelgangers , try Invasion of the Body Snatchers .
 I thought there were too many slow songs . I recently saw them in concert before I bought this and they were AWSOME !
 i have seen heart live 3 times , this is ok at best , picture is fair , music is ok , but not of great quality
 Very disappointing . It 's not what I had hoped for song-wise . It 's the same old stuff Heart seems to put on EVERY DVD since their first back in the late 80s . The video and audio are about the same as all other Heart vids . Just very disappointed . I think it should be a personal choice as nothing is really wrong , but I was hoping for different material . Hoenstly what I would truly like is one or more DVDs from the OLD DAYS with the original line-up . I 've been able to piece together one of their first televised performances from clips posted on YouTube . THAT was a great concert , and why is it that Heart ca n't do this themselves , or is Mushroom Records -LRB- now long time defuncy -RRB- still got some control over all that terrific material ? If so , then why is Barracuda , Love Alive , Crazy On you , etc. on every DVD ?
 The option to just watch the movie minus the director explanations does n't seem to be available . All the junk movies are free . This is one of them . Probably wo n't renew amazon prime .
 I was looking forward to watching this movie after watching the MSNBC story of the murder . I was so disappointed that this is the director 's commentary , and I was unable to see the actual film .
 I 'm not big on production stuff on movies , since I think they spoil a movie , but if you are you might like this .
 I ordered this movie and all I received was a 7 minute documentary ... I was ripped off and I 'm not happy about it !!!!!!!!! Plus Amazon will let you buy the movie no matter where you are in the world , but will NOT let you download it while working overseas ... that has turned me off to video on demand ... its a waste of my $ $ $ !
 While I have enjoyed all the other Resident Evil flicks . . the first one especially ... this one is so far over the top and out of plausible reality with techno tricks that destroy believability ... that unfortunately ... it just plain sucked !!!!!!!!
 I watched Spike Lee 's `` Do The Right Thing '' last night and was terribly disappointed . Nobody changes throughout this movie . In fact , Lee 's one-dimensional characters live up to the stereotypes that Lee is desparately trying to give them . You have Pino , the racist Italian ; Lee , who himself is the protypical lazy black man and racist himself ; Aiello , was is the fiery owner of the pizza place , etc. . Lee starts the riot that leads to the pizza joint 's demise , and we do n't know why he does this . Pino was right all along , according to Lee
 This movie started out with a great story and great character development . However , the ending riot against Sal 's Pizzeria was absolutely horrible . Basically , the characters Buggin ' Out and Radio Raheem provoke a confrontation with Sal over Radio Raheem 's loud music in his restaurant and his refusal of Buggin ' Out 's demand that he place pictures of African-Americans on his Italian Wall of Fame . God forbid that Sal invoke his private property rights and his right to promote his own heritage . Sal finally loses it because of the barrage of anti-Italian slurs and insults and smashs Radio Raheem 's stereo and is then attacked by Radio Raheem and several of his neighbors . When the police arrive Radio Raheem is strangling Sal . The police attempt to get Raheem off of Sal but he resists the entire time and is killed by a police choke hold . In my opinion Radio Raheem brought his death upon himself because of his provoking the fight , assualting a private property owner defending his private property rights , and resisting arrest . As an out of control mob forms the outnumbered police retreat . Sal and his sons , who were attacked first , have their pizzeria looted , raided , and burned to the ground by an angry mob . The main character , played by Spike Lee , who is employed by Sal actually begins the riot and shows no regret at the movies ending . This movies basic lesson is that it is ok to provoke , verbally assail , riot , assualt , and break the law if you do n't get your way . The ending showed no remorse by any of the rioters and displays a blatant reverse racism that ruins the anti-hate message given in the first two-thirds of the movie .
 The entire world loves this movie for reasons I have yet to comprehend . There is not one single likable character to be found in this picture , least of all the main character , whom Spike Lee presents as a saint for inciting a race riot . Not coincidentally , Mookie is played -LRB- badly -RRB- by Lee himself.What Lee has constructed is a fantasy playground for himself . As his body of work shows , he 's primarily interested in the lives of black Americans . His vision , however , often manifests itself as immature and highly unrealistic . For instance , not only does Mookie get to dramatically kick off the race riot -LRB- by throwing a garbage can through a window -RRB- , he also gets to come back and hobnob with the proprietor of the destroyed pizzeria . Oh , and he gets to keep the money Sal owes him , plus more if he wants it.Go ahead and rate my review as unhelpful if you want , but in my opinion this movie , like so many other made by Lee , presents his wet dream of race relations
 I WENT TO THE THEATER TO SEE THIS AT FAMILY REUNION IN ST LOUIS AS A BLACK MAN I KNOW RACISM EXISTS BUT I FOUND THIS MOVIE TO BE VERY OFFENSIVE IT WAS GOOD BIUT I DID NOT LIKE IT BECAUSE I HATE WHITE FRIENDS ITALIAN FRIENDS ASIAN FRIENDS HISANIC FRIENDS I CAN UNDERSTAND IN CERTAIN WAYS WHY PINO WAS RACIST WHEN HE SAID WE ANIMALS IT INNER CITY CRIMINALS THAT MAKE THE POSITIVE BLACK LOOK BAD AND GIVE US A BAD NAME WE MAKE PEOPLE HATE US WE ARE OUR OWN WORST ENEMY WITH SELF DISRESPECT AND IGNORANCE RAHEEM WAS A TROUBLEMAKER HE DID NOT DESERVE TO DIE BUT HE HAD IT COMING SO IF WE START ACTING WITH INTELLIGENCE MAYBE OTHER CULTURES WOULD RESPECT US MORE
 This film had so much promise
 I got nothing against Spike , but his later work like He got game and Malcolm X are better than snapshot of a day in Brooklyn .
 Unfortunately for Mr. Lee , I think this film backfired in a lot of people 's eyes . I am a Latino American , but by the end of the film I had way more respect for Sal and the Korean family than I did for the black characters unfortunately . Radio Raseem and Buggin ' Out where violence instigators and harassing troublemakers who had no business telling Sal who he should put on his wall . Mookie is nothing but a degenerate loser who deserved a beating , as well as the mentally challenged half white half black idiot walking around stuttering about Malcolm X and Dr. King.Sal was only defending his business and the right to be proud of his heritage . The wisest words come from the Korean store clerk who tells a bunch of racist old farts `` You ... me ... we same ! `` This film wanted to delve into the roots of racism and say that no side is guilt-free , but this is unlikely to happen when Lee is the director . He obviously favored his character .
 I 'm not sure why this movie is still being talked about . It 's full of offensive , crude , racist dialogue that would 've gotten a white director burned at the stake . Lee employs all the insulting , racial stereotypes - the inarticulate Italian pizza maker , the Mafia dude , the white yuppie -LRB- being told he does n't have a right to be in Lee 's neighborhood because he 's the wrong color -RRB- , the racist/murdering police and some of the most insulting black characters since Mammy and Bojangles . But of course when Spike does it , it 's ` provacative ' , ` bold ' and ` challenging ' . The climactic scene sums up the tone of the movie
 i respect spikes attempt at dealing with difficult issues , but this movie is not interesting or enjoyable . this movie , like he got game , is ruined by constant agruing between every character . the whole movie is one big stupid argument ! it gets old after twenty minutes . jungle fever , however , is an excellent movie , worth owning in my opinion . i just dont understand why every movie critic loves ` do the right thing . '
 I thought this movie was descent through the first half , until after realizing that this is just another film made by another rascist African American with one agenda . Getting the viewer to watch till it 's apparent that his message is to feel sorry for somebody who is uncivilized at the end . Another thing that is funny is that all these so-called movies about race never even have a White Caucasion in them -LRB- oh I 'm sorry , the 2 cops that KILLED Radio Reeheam were White -RRB- ; figures . Now Mr. Spike Lee , who 's the minority ? I 'm sick and tired of us White Americans -LRB- not Italians , Hispanics , Arabs -RRB- being forced into believing we are responsible for everyones misfortune , esp . the black community . Just because the majority of White people like myself who grew up in a REAL bad nieghborhood want to do better for themselves and create jobs that hire lazy people who do n't appreciate . Also , Martin Luther King represented equality not just for blacks , but everyone and has nothin in common at all with a rascist like Malcom X. Spike Lee , untill you make a film without critisizing us white minority , noone should waste their time watching .
 lets be frank because my mother is full blooded Italian , we are not white people . I know a lot of us Italians in this country try so hard be be `` white '' but that is so foolish when when we have LATIN names , culture , and blood , and are directly related to Spanish , Portuguese , Greek , Arabs , and North Africans . We could never be like anglos because we are LATIN which means Italian . All my life , I have been treated as a minority because I look very italian ... so , yes ... whites just see us as a Latino . So , you are incorrect and in denial , that Italians are different , when you get a bunch of us together we smell , act , and look different than white people because we are NOT WHITE ... we are ITALIAN and proud of our LATIN ROOTS ! This movie by the way sucks , the only good part is when Toturro had the scare in his eyes when Spike referred to him as having black blood in him because of his obvious negro hair which is who we are ! So , get your head out of the gutter because us ITALIANS are minorities too !
 I would not go so far as to say this movie is terrible . I would say it is self-important , immature , obvious , and overwhelmingly one-sided . It seems Spike Lee does not believe there are any white people alive who are not either stupid , racist , phony , or downright evil . I had a bad feeling about this movie as it started off with 41/2 minutes of a sleazy looking woman having a seizure accompanied by bad music . Then 4 minutes of an inane morning dj spouting a string of unconnected meaningless words . Lee had his moments , but it was pretty much a 2-hour music video.Spike Lee does n't mess with fantasy , only with reality and his reality is black and white . It is infact fantasy , and pure propaganda .
 The story had no plot.I could n't believe how stupid it was.I would n't waste my money or time on this.If you want my copy i would be happy to give it to anyone who would want it .
 My dvd arrived a month after I purchased it . It arrived after the date I was told . I am seeking a refund but I have not recieved an answer . I guess they dont want to refund me my money . I will never purchase anything from dvd legacy . The service is bad . I dont recommend anyone buying anything from them !!!
 He believes Blacks are the superior race . Thats pretty much the definition of racisim .
 This movie gets praised for treating all races equally , and `` not letting anyone off the hook '' , and showing how `` there 's no uncompromised people '' , etc. . Problem is , it does n't do that at all . Black people get the last word here , and most of the attention too.There are basically no white characters to stick up for themselves and their race in an eloquent way , like the blacks . Pino the son of store owner Sal would be an ovbious choice , but instead all he does is mutter the n-word . Of course , Spike Lee makes sure Mookie gets to belittle Pino -LRB- `` You read ? '' -RRB- but Pino never turns the tables on Mookie -LRB- no one does -RRB- . Vito the other brother is a pushover who agrees with Mookie 100 % of the time . That leaves Sal , who takes the long view of race relations . He just brushes all the conflict aside , and never advocates for whites or seems to care half the neighborhood is crap . He is even presented as making inappropriate advances to a young woman.Meanwhile , the black characters keep making passionate speeches about THEIR rights , while the whites just walk away or respond lamely . Some white guy bumps into a black guy -LRB- in a really exaggerated way -RRB- and the black guy `` graciously '' allows him to get away . Where 's the white guy getting to graciously `` forgive '' a black guy for rude behavior ? It never happens in this movie . Blacks always get the last word , and the best lines , and the most sympathetic treatment.The Koreans get treated even worse
 I remember watching this in the theater when I came out of high school and as Im watching this on DVD today over 20 years later , I wonder what Spike E Lee , who has done wonderful films , was trying to accomplish or portray.I guess the only answer is that we have been a racist nation and we 're still are a very racist nation . I 'm writing this review on here because is EMBARRASSING to say the last this movie deserves to have an anniversary and be part of the CRITERION COLLECTION.I 'll never forget when I came back home from PR in 1986 and it hit me like a sledgehammer as I was finishing high school . All the anger and the hate of everyone being divided into groups . As I write this on July 15th of 2012 , we have come a long way but we have miles to go.What was the purpose of this movie ? Actually to portray that black people as stupid or ignorant ? . If you walked into a Spanish restaurant ... what kind of pictures you think you will see in Miami or if it was in over town in the blackest neighborhood of Miami if there was a Latino restaurant ?? On this film an Italian business men had pictures of respected Italian figures and because of all that Jazz , it created enough hatred and anger that they burned his business because someone died as a result of Police brutality ? . Something that had NOTHING to do with Sal 's Pizzeria.What is funny , is that I ca n't believe seeing this movie 20 years later with a different set of eyes , that the director SPIKE LEE is the one that actually throws a garbage can in the Italian Pizzeria causing chaos , ending this business in a fire !! If went to a black restaurant . . what kind of pictures am I expected to see ... Dr. Martin Luther King , Malcom X , Mike Tyson , Reggie Jackson , Michael Jordan , Michael Jackson among many other black prolific figures.I cant believe that at the time that this came out , the studio released something like this . But then again , movies like HIGHER LEARNING and AMERICAN HISTORY X came about at the same time.Im glad I was n't raised or lived in NY because this is a clear picture of what that city has to evolve from all the racism and hate that this country is still holding onto.HOUSTON , TEXAS - Last year I was on a business trip and to the many that may read my review may not believe or possibly laugh at this . My boss at the time took me to a bar in Houston and there I saw the future of what America will be one day . Black people with no ghetto attitudes , in a country bar singing karaoke to country music like we were all one . I was in true shock and it took me several minutes to sink in what I was experiencing right before my eyes , but I do carry those memories with me even though I have no idea when I 'll go back to Houston because that evening that I went out , I saw a glimpse of what America will be one day . One nation that is color blind , race blind or origin blind . A nation where we are all together under one flag making a difference in this country .20 years later it makes me sick to watch this and to realize that a lot of what is in this movie is still going on today in certain parts of the country.I hope in GOD 'S name , we as a country overcome all the racial injustices that we have gone through as a COUNTRY not in any race in particular.If you want to see a NY GHETTO movie where everyone hates each other , knock yourself out and watch this . But I am sure if President Obama saw this today with a 2012 mentality ill make him sick like it makes me sick that money was poured into making something like this.RAY ST JOHN
 First of all , let me begin by saying that `` Do the Right Thing '' is an extremely well-made movie . Spike Lee is a brilliant director . However , the problem I have with this movie and with other Spike Lee movies is not the message Spike Lee wants to get across to the audience but rather the manner in which Spike Lee presents his message.Spike Lee wants to make the following points .1 . -RRB- That America is * still * a racist society . -LRB- It was a racist society in 1888 , it was a racist society in 1988 when DTRT was made , and in 2010 it 's * still * a racist society . -RRB- and2 . -RRB- That the police in the United States are often , in effect , agents of that racism - with the police all too often brutalizing minorities , whereupon their criminal behavior , up to and including murder , gets covered up by the ruling elite -- meaning , the political establishment , along with their fellow ruling class cronies , mainstream media.So Spike Lee is courageous in pointing out what very few filmmakers are willing to point out -- that we do indeed live in a racist society ; that the police -- and the government in general -- is not a `` neutral arbiter , '' they are instead `` defenders of the status quo , '' with the status quo systematically exploiting the general population not just on the basis of race but more fundamentally on the basis of * class . * Interestingly enough , several years after he made DTRT Spike Lee came to realize that the more fundamental issue is class not race . . Listen to what he had to say in March of 2006 . `` Before , I used to think that everything was based on race . Now class matters just as much . If you are a poor person
 Sal owns a small pizzeria in Brooklyn . He is a decent man and employer , but yet is repeatedly pushed and harassed throughout the film . One troublesome black patron complains that there are only photos of Italian-Americans on the restaurant wall , and demands that some photos of black people be among them . But at the same time , Mookie the delivery man , bemoans the fact that its a `` free country '' . Well , if its a free country , then Sal is free to put whoever he wants on his restaurant wall , and certainly is n't obligated to display any particular ethnic group on his wall . Its an Italian resturant , therefore it is most likely that there will be photos of Italians on the wall . In an Irish pub , it is natural to see photos of famous Irish people . It fits the overall theme of the restaurant . In one scene , Samuel L. Jackson 's disc jockey proudly spouts off a long list of solely African-American musicians over the air waves . But yet it seems Sal does not have the same right to put only Italian-Americans on his wall.Mookie also does not approve of the fact that Sal has taken a liking to his sister , a young black woman , telling Sal to `` leave her alone '' . But yet in Spike Lee 's other films , such as `` Jungle Fever '' and his Italian World War II drama , black men are seen to freely consort with white women . Mookie also tries to drive a wedge between two brothers , instructing one brother to hit the other . Brothers should never hit one another , and nothing should come between them . Apparently Mookie does not understand the bond . What gives Mookie the right to play arbiter in other people 's familial matters ? And so the tension steadily mounts until it comes to a head one hot summer night . Sal , after generously letting a group of customers come in after hours , is again accosted and provoked by a brooding and menacing black thug , who causes a disturbance by blasting his boom box in the pizzeria , after already being told once by Sal not to do so . Sal , finally at his breaking point , retaliates by smashing the offending boom box to pieces . A melee ensues which spills out into the street on the hot summer night . Mookie , adding further to the senseless violence , then inexplicably tosses a garbage can through the restaurant window . His motive is never explained , especially after being treated fairly at the restaurant . The next day Mookie then demands his pay from Sal , and even more inexplicable , Sal actually gives in and pays him . The damage Mookie caused to the store should be taken out of his pay , and put towards the shattered window . Sal is a broken man , his livelihood gone , his pizzeria in charred ruins , but yet Mookie still self-righteously demands his pay.This film was lauded as some profound social commentary on racial tensions . But underneath it all , Spike Lee is nothing more than an instigator and hypocrite who has a smug chip on his shoulder.Throw a trash can at a window , add fuel to the fire and escalate the violence . This guy was indeed concerned with doing the right thing .
 This film , described aptly by the other reviewers , at first made me pass out because I thought it was so bad . I actually fell asleep during it and when I woke up I could n't believe it was still going . I looked forward to seeing Martin Potter -LRB- after enjoying his work on Felini 's Satyricon and Nicolas and Alexandra -RRB- only to find that he had a female twin that acted as a symbolic palliative to his inevitable performing of a shady gay character he normally usually played -LRB- and could only be played in those days -RRB- . Apart from the plot -LRB- which is adequately recounted elsewhere -RRB- I would say this film is not a cult classic , it is a classic of terrible cinema and should be respected as such . Some of the actors are better than others but Martin Potter really must be given his due as a terrible gay-actor , not a gay actor who is terrible , but as deliberately and subversively turning cinematic gayness into abject acting . This of course requires that he be a very good actor , or not . Worth watching on youtube if this kind of thing interests you , do n't spend money on it .
 If you play the games you know and most likely have seen more background information than this . I also do n't like the motion comic form of animation and its very short . It 's honestly a loss all around . You get more info from YouTube or the game and its historically not accurate .
 This is terrible but that seems to be the trend with the video games nowadays , just do n't watch it , just bad .
 I watched this because it was rated 4 stars . A woman in her sixties -LRB- I assume she 's in her sixties -RRB- cheats on her husband of 30 years . Several scenes showing her having sex with her elderly lover and then with her elderly husband . She 's having an affair because her marriage has gone south . End of story . I watched it nearly to the end trying to find out why it was rated so high . Never found the reason . Disappointed I wasted my time on this .
 This presentation is a product of the Satanic Panic era , produced by this company notorious for these types of terror shows , fundamentalist christians at the height of the paranoia , and in the apparent guise of exploiting this predominant societal fear , demonstrate every inaccuracy possible to generate the maximum amount of unfounded concern in their congregations , and society at large.Half of the name is ironically correct - the first half , as in ` devil worship ' christian heresy , while ` Satanism ' is a completely different philosophy which seems purposefully distorted by the fundies in a mishmash of fictional horror scenarios , with any of these isolated would-be devil worshippers taking cues from their mythology . Of course , it has since come to be widely known that many of these allegations are committed by christian clergy in actuality.The usual misinformation is presented , such as the alleged ` types ' of devil worship , like `` dabblers '' -LCB- high school kids , stoners , petty criminals , and otherwise cheap thrill-seekers -RCB- , `` Religious '' -LCB- as accurate as they will get in their meager comprehension of real Satanists ; ergo , the only real Satanists are those who live the Satanic philosophy as reflected in the pages of The Satanic Bible , with the only legitimate Satanic organization being The Church of Satan -RCB- , & so-called `` Generational '' -LCB- a complete judeo-christian fabrication of nightmarish conspiracies , clandestine criminal monster cults , etc. -RCB- . The misconception that Aleister Crowley was a Satanist remains incorrect . As a member of the O.T.O. , which has its roots in Egyptian-type ceremonial `` magick '' and Masonry , he founded his own personal order based on his stylized brand of theories & practices called `` Thelema '' , heralding `` Aiwass '' as its primary deity.With commentary by `` Occult Cop / Satan Sleuth '' Sergeant Randy Emon , & others of the mythological literalist persuasion -LCB- including one who recommends the invasion of privacy -RCB- , are also several erstwhile `` survivors '' interviewed , those who were either brainwashed by christian therapists , and/or attention-starved mentally-ill people given a justification for their condition . Watches like an Aristocrats joke gone wrong and taken too far . No actual Satanists are interviewed , just ersatz `` former-satanists '' , who as we recognize , were never Satanists to begin with , but merely reverse blindlighters , black sheep for sure -LCB- `` washed in the blood of jesus '' and bled whiter than snow -RCB- , who have returned to the other side of their unbalanced paradigm.Board games , Heavy Metal music , and horror movies are also typically scapegoated . Board games tend to be Dungeons & Dragons , and the Ouija board ; Heavy Metal bands such as Venom , Slayer , Possessed , Bathory , Celtic Frost , Megadeth , Mercyful Fate , Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Ozzy Osbourne , & others -LCB- most of whom are just admitted entertainers , not actual Satanists , but whose art and performances can be appreciated by Satanists in the correct context of amusement or aesthetic inspiration -RCB- ; and just about every horror movie is blamed for influencing the gullible into committing gruesome crimes . When the fact is that only about less than 1 % who engage in such recreational activities also happen to enjoy these forms of entertainment.While not as outrageous as `` America 's Best Kept Secret
 This is the first Amazon Instant Video that has not opened . Reports as `` Content Error '' on different days and times , so is not just a connection issue . Was able to open another product from Amazon after trying 3 times yesterday .
 I thought from the trailer it would not be that bad , but after watching the korean version , it did not even come near it . The acting was n't that bad , but I guess i do not like remakes . But this just my opinion anyway .
 I watched the original Korean version at least 20 times . It was with a little exaggeration in the middle , but deep and touching.The remake , I ca n't even bear to watch it the first time . It feels like it has a lot of `` acting '' as if they want to `` act like it is so '' . It is shallow and pretentious.Try the original Korean version instead .
 Wow ... I loved the korean movie and I thought hey I loved it so I 'll give it a chance but this was competely horrendous and it makes me sad that such a great movie was ruined . I really hope everyone just skips this movie and stick to the original .
 Maverick/Vertigo originally got high marks for deciding to remake a very popular Korean film of the same name , but the results were less than fantastic . The targeted audience of teen to twenty-somethings was obvious with two castings of the Bring It On actor Jesse Bradford and the popular 24 daughter Elisha Cuthbert.The requests for this one were already pouring in because of the original piece , plus the director from the highly rated Love Me if You Dare made his next film . I 'll skip the comparisons between the two films and just try this one on its own merit.The storyline of two young strangers meeting in New York and falling in love appears quite forcefully after a novice storyboard coverage of the main character 's early life . Our Cuthbert character plays the strange and mysterious rich girl with a damaged back story we know nothing about . Through the course of their strange meetings , dates or whatever you want to call them , all of the teens watching left the room within 20 minutes . I stuck it out to see if this dysfunctional relationship would become believable . It never really does , and as the love story grew painfully more boring and contrived , the middle-aged ladies gave up watching also.The ending had some heart , but overall the film never materializes into anything enjoyable , believable or rewatchable . The DVD has absolutely nothing extra to it , so between there being no special features whatsoever and a disappointing love story , I had to give it the lower rating .
 The French director may compose the movie in an unique matter , but felt a bit messy . His transitions were too off , sometimes quick and sometimes slow . The humor was a bit off taste . At times that 's what made it feel slow.And I must mention , good movies should almost never be remade .
 In MY SASSY GIRL , Elisha Cuthbert plays Jordan Roark , an annoying and manipulative drunk who supposedly charms nice guy Charlie Bellow -LRB- Jesse Bradford -RRB- by ordering him around , passing out in public places and insisting on various `` high-spirited '' activities . None of this looks like much fun -LRB- and Charlie frequently tells his college roommate how un-fun it is -RRB- . But Charlie ca n't help himself , 'cause , gosh-darn it , he 's fallen in love.What 's the `` painful secret '' that has turned Jordan into such a hellion ? It 's not hard to guess . And it hardly justifies her stupid behavior , or Charlie 's patience with her . By the time the `` painful secret '' is finally revealed , there 's just time for some painful dialogue about `` destiny '' and a painful wrap-up that only underscores how stupid Jordan was to keep her secret for so long.MY SASSY GIRL is a remake of what we 're told was a `` highly successful '' Korean film . My suggestion
 * Spoilers Below * Why does Hollywood feel the need to take classic non-American films and rape them until they 're deformed beyond all recognition ? It must be nice to make millions of dollars by doing nothing more than crapping on various works of art from other countries . I 'm apparently in the wrong line of business.First off , Jesse Bradford sounds like a weasel and gives a mediocre performance . Just watch his reaction after Elisha Cuthbert lies to his teacher - it 's terrible . Cuthbert is your typical Hollywood actress under 30 years of age - very hot , but could n't act her way out of a paper bag . Watching her try to be `` sassy '' is incredibly painful because at times her mannerisms are overly accentuated to the point where she looks like she 's got a bad case of hemorrhoids . As far as supporting actors go , the guy who played the runaway soldier was dreadful , and the old man near the end was even worse . Ji-hyun Jun 's performance in the original was no fluke . South Korea has at least 5 times as much youthful acting talent than the States . That 's no exaggeration.This is your typical Hollywood remake that reenacts a dozen or so scenes from the superior original in unimaginative , idiotic ways -LRB- ala `` The Departed '' -RRB- in an effort to pander to the dim-wittedness and xenophobia of your typical American moviegoer who would rather slit their wrists than read subtitles . This is evident in the dialogue , which is way too cringeworthy for its own good . Every single line is opaque , thoughtless , and overly simplified to the point of sheer stupidity . Here are some direct quotes from the film :1 . `` Death , man ... death sucks ! '' 2 . `` I like you and the last three days have been some of the most interesting -LRB- if not painful -RRB- of my life . But my brain is hemorrhaging and my career is ruined and I just think it 's better if we part ways . '' 3 . `` Who would be intrigued by a hot , mysterious , passionate , possibly bipolar , violent , drunken , arrogant , rude woman ? '' 4 . `` Whatever she was going through - it was beyond anything in my experience and beyond my ability to fix . I had no right to judge her . If I chose to stay with her -LRB- knowing the risks -RRB- all I could do was give her love and respect and see how the story would end . '' 5 . `` I 'm sorry . He 's just a guy my father made me go out with , but every second I was with him I was wishing it was you and that 's why I called you tonight - I could n't take it anymore . Charlie , I need you . '' 6 . `` Hey kid , is this a subway platform or your own piece of drawing paper ? '' 7 . `` You know what ? I know that you really do n't want to hurt me . '' 8 . `` Yessss , I 'm free and I 'm loving it . Train where are you . Wooo hooo . Choo choo . `` Hollywood translation
 It 's an OK romantic comedy . If I had n't seen the original may be it would have been more enjoyable - it just does n't have the magic of the Korean version .
 I would not have written a review for this movie , had I not been embroiled in real-life relationships with hardcore narcissists , and reading books about how to get over them and , importantly , identify them before falling head over heels for them.From the very beginning of the movie , my jaw hit the floor . I think in the past I may have found Elisha Cuthbert 's character compelling , `` free-spirited '' and attractive , but now ... She is a by-the-book , larger than life , larger than psychology textbook hardcore narcissist ; she disrupts poor guy 's life in every possible way , has him arrested , harassed , concussed , humiliated , estranged from what matters to him . She constantly disrupts his life , his schedule , whatever he wants , or builds , or wishes for , she has to come first , she is grossly irresponsible , immature , `` cute '' , `` dangerous '' . She introduces him without warning to a new love interest , she plays hot when he ca n't take it anymore , she pouts , she faints , she sues him , takes him to Daddy so Daddy can make him feel 2 inches tall and show NO RESPECT whatsoever for any part of him.Of course , some `` reason '' is found by the the end of the movie . Whatever.Funnily enough , I watched Chasing Amy a day after watching My Sassy Girl , and CA 's characters 's reality , sensitivity , honesty and sometimes great maturity were an eerie clash to MSG 's . Same setting -LRB- New York -RRB- , same age group , 2 blonde heroines ... but one of them just makes you want to throw her from a very high bridge ... and no further resemblances can be found!I am in the process of learning that real life is n't what 's portrayed in the movies . And MSG could do a lot of damage , if believed ...
 I guess seeing a cute blonde who passes out from too much alchohol and getting rides home from various strange men with various intentions might be someone 's idea of a good idea for a film . I suppose that having a cute blonde go after a guy because he reminds her so much of her fiance could be exciting . I ' t even possible that a fairly intelligent college student could throw away his dreams as this cute little blonde draws him in to all her bizarre behavior . A group of us watched this movie together and the concensus was unanimous
 There are just some things that do not work in the US/English - a lot of those things are the cutesy and quirkyness of Asian-ness / Korean movies . First off the original My Sassy Girl is a pretty long movie -- it develops the characters pretty well but this version is so short you ca n't get attached to the characters . At least watch it on a stream first before you purchase it .
 ... to ruin a great movie.Wow , where to start on this remake ? First of all , I am a huge fan of the original Korean movie ; if you have not seen it , please stop reading now and go do so ; I can almost guarantee that if you like chick flicks , a la `` The Notebook '' , that you will like the Korean version , and perhaps even love it , like I did . So what 's wrong with this remake ? CAUTION - SPOILERS AHEADWithin the first five minutes of the movie , it had already gone off the rails . Maybe it never even got on the rails . The opening music was a variation , a worse variation , on the opening music to the original movie . So I did n't like the music , big deal . But the huge , waving red flag was how the subject of the cousin 's death was introduced . The male lead is positively flippant about his cousin having just died . It was like the movie wanted to play the cousin 's death for a laugh or something . This was most likely the fault of the writer , but it 's hard not to blame the actor and director too.I actually like the two lead actors , but Elisha Cuthbert was seriously miscast in this movie . She 's not old , but she 's too worldly to pull off the irrational behavior required by the script . In the Korean original , the actress was innocent and almost tomboyish ; she did n't have any `` feminine wiles '' ; she 's just innocent , sweet , and suffering . The audience forgives her behavior because she is so innocent and sweet , and you see her heartbreak in almost every frame . The problem is , Cuthbert 's character seems like she ought to know better , and she exudes a sexiness and lack of innocence that is wrong for the character . It made me wonder if the character might be a part-time dominatrix or something.Next , the editing
 The 2008 `` My Sassy Girl '' is , as you know , a remake of the Korean film of the same title made in 2001 . But the remake went straight to DVD in USA , which suggests something is wrong with the film , but you know , Danny Boyle 's Oscar-winning `` Slumdog Millionaire '' was almost released straight to DVD instead of getting a theatrical release in America , so you just can not judge the film by that alone . In the case of `` My Sassy Girl , '' however , my instincts proved right.In `` My Sassy Girl '' Elisha Cuthbert -LRB- best known as Kim Bauer in `` 24 '' -RRB- plays the titular girl , slightly eccentric and unpredictable Jordan Roark . When good-natured , mild-mannered Charlie Bellow from Midwest -LRB- played by Jesse Bradford , `` Bring it on '' -RRB- meets her on the subway platform in New York City , the girl is terribly drunk and she falls asleep on the bench . As Charlie is a kind guy , he could n't leave her alone so he carries her -LRB- literally -RRB- to his room.This is probably a highly unusual -LRB- and unlikely -RRB- way of getting to know someone else , but the film goes on anyway . Knowing that life with this strange girl is big trouble , Charlie continues to meet Jordan , who keeps cropping up unexpectedly , and virtually sabotages his career . I do n't know why , but he thinks she is still attractive and irresistible , so Charlie starts seeing her and falls in love with her.What is refreshing and intriguing in a certain situation does n't necessarily look the same in another . Ji-hyun Jun 's `` sassy girl '' in the original , so full of emotion , interested us because of the cultural background of the heroine and the hero and their reversed power relations between the sexes . Elisha Cuthbert 's `` sassy girl '' on the other hand is only implausible and annoying . Her character lacks the soul that the original 's sassy girl surely had.Or maybe someone else should be blamed . Yann Samuell , known for his unique and dark romance `` Love Me If You Dare '' -LRB- starring Marion Cotillard -RRB- , is clearly not the best choice for director of this film , of which story includes very melodramatic elements . You need confidence in telling this kind of emotional love story , but judging from his previous effort which looks like darker `` Amelie , '' Yann Samuell 's strength lies somewhere else.There are many romantic comedies set in New York City - `` Annie Hall '' `` When Harry Met Sally ... '' and the list goes on - and like them the city itself plays a significant role in `` My Sassy Girl '' which is visually alluring . Sadly its soulless narrative lacks the charms and beauty of the photography .
 This Hollywood version of My Sassy Girl is just awful
 This film is billed as a romantic comedy , but it is neither romantic nor funny . It is the story of a `` nice , '' but bored , college boy who falls in love with a destructive girl . We learn at the end that Jordan 's destructive behavior is due to a `` painful secret , '' but the most painful part of this film is the film itself . Jordan 's -LRB- Elisha Cuthbert 's -RRB- `` hotness '' does n't make up for this lousy movie.There are no likable characters , and none of the characters make any sense . Ostensibly , Charlie 's reason for falling in love with Jordan is that his parents are so nice and conventional that he craves people who are the opposite . For her part , Jordan has her own sick reasons for liking Charlie , and all the maudlin sappiness at the end does n't redeem this story ; if anything , it makes it worse . I ca n't tell you what Jordan 's painful secret is without spoiling the movie -LRB- as if I could spoil it ! -RRB- , but I can tell you that her pain does n't explain her behavior . By the middle of this film I felt convinced that Charlie loved Jordan not in spite of her destructive behavior but because of it , and there 's nothing romantic or funny about that ! Maybe Charlie also has a `` painful secret '' that could explain away his actions ? I 'll look for that in the sequel.In the end , I was left wondering why Charlie felt so strongly attracted to an incredibly rude , destructive , selfish , irrational alcoholic who , even after she has pulled herself together , is still completely irrational with silly talk about `` destiny . '' Take destiny into your own hands and avoid this movie !
 I got this CD in a timely manner it did appear new I opened it and put in in my Cd player it did not work . Then I tried my other CD player and it didnt work so I went to my computer and it still did n't work very upset.I returned it and am still waiting for my refund
 This movie does n't rank as a bad movie . The script and story are bad . The acting by Laura and Jill Marie is good , however , the supporting cast is terrible !!!!! If you have nothing else to do with your time ... I mean even getting an oil change , then see this movie .
 This film seems to be a blend between the `` pushing daisies '' TV series & the `` color purple '' ... It was slickly covered toilet paper . . , And I liked `` Pushing Daisies '' ... You got your wimpy weak abusive husband , A promiscuious daughter , a gay son , a doormat lesbian wife turned terminator and the single lesbian neighbor with no social responsibilities ... The viewing of this Dvd became tedious with each scene , the ending brought relief ... The disappointment with this Dvd was the pricing ...
 OK first of all my country 's name is `` EL SALVADOR '' , why can they get it right , if they want to make a movie about what really happened make sure you get the name right . Second I do not know if the gay gave them the story by detail or not but things where mixed up and the church was not like pyramid , and was not little much less luxurious like they presented there , plus the bullet was in the forehead and was shot from the door of the church not two feet from him . There are many discrepancies in this movie . The reporter or whatever he is , what a shame . And I believe this is a revised or something because I have seen it before and its different to this one .
 Sorry , I thought the movie stank . James Woods and James Belushi play two drunken , irresponsible drugheads who go to El Salvador because Woods , a failed journalist , hopes to make some money with a photographic expose . Woods ' character is a chronic liar , rat and bum . When the two get to El Salvador , we are treated to excesses of their disgusting behavior in the midst of a civil war . The El Salvador government is a vicious , murderous dictatorship , executing political enemies , and even stoops to execute the saintly Archbishop Romero . The communist guerrillas ; however , true to Oliver Stone 's far-left ideology , are sincere , gentle , loving freedom fighters . Right . In the midst of violent riots , killings , atrocities , etc. , James Woods and James Belushi remain drunk , stoned and irresponsible . James Woods lies brazenly to his trusting woman and gets her brother killed . He also lies to the many people from whom he borrows money . Best of all , he makes false confession to his priest to placate his woman , and then lies shamelessly to the priest . Meanwhile , James Belushi spends his time drugged and drunk , seeking new prostitutes to use . This is one of the worst movies that I have seen . I do acknowledge that many others have rated it with five stars , but wonder whether this actually reflects their ideological convictions rather than the quality of this miserable movie . No offense intended to other raters , but I found this movie so absolutely horrible I could not otherwise understand how others could rate it so highly .
 the movie itself was a good documentary of the civil strife in El Salvador back in the 80s . However , the copy I purchased had some problems and I was unable to see the end ...
 Being a Salvadorean , I must say that this movie is based on an outsider 's viewpoint . First of all , there was no dictaroship , the death squads were splinter squads operating apart from the government and the military . Second , Human Rights only came to stir up more trouble , as our police , military and other sectors have been downgraded in favor of system which is comfortable for the FMLN -LRB- the former guerrillas now a government party -RRB- . The movie portrays them as some kind of heroes and critisices the USA for helping our military , which was getting murdered , mutilated and tortured by the opressive guerrillas . I seriously doubt any Salvadorean finds this movie historically accurate , I myself do not remember anything portrayed in the film happening in reality . And contrary to foreing belief , our country is not in same stage , as when the guerrillas were terrorising ours and blaming the government for it . This is classic propaganda done through a film
 If you are looking to watch a film to tell you the story of life in Salvador during war times ... this is not a good choice . If you are looking for good acting ... this is not a good choice . It you are looking to watch a demeaning , distant , ignorant , fake , and lame attmept at teling a story ... then this is a film for you.Watch Romero instead .
 I found it full of stereotypes and did not like it at all . I would not recommend anybody to watch this movie .
 I know this movie is old , but I have to say it still makes me sick . From someone who was born in El Salvador and watched a parent get shot 50 + times from communist lefties , to watch this total lie of a movie is distrubing . James Wood `` still '' needs to be ashamed . This fiction has nothing to do with any reality in Central America , today , or yesterday .
 This is an important story to be told , could have been turned into a great film if in the hands of Spielberg . It is full of stereotypes . They used a lot of Mexican actors and sets . The scenes with the dead corpses are pathetic . The riots look silly , soldiers are scared , looking at the camera like wondering if the film was rolling or making sure their faces were seen . The F word is used excessively . Cathy -LRB- Jean Donovan -RRB- and Maria , with their teen looks , could be Boyle 's daughters . At a bar they sing `` ay ay ay canta y no llores '' this song has been abused by Hollywood in so many films portraying Mexico.The film does deliver the story and no , it is not accurate , but watching a movie -LRB- any movie -RRB- to learn history , is like drinking water hoping it will taste like wine .
 This movie is completely , totally , and sjamefully innacurate to what really happened . I 'm from EL Salvador and as a boy , a bomb exploded on my face , got caught in the middle of 2 gunfights and went to bed wondering If i would make it through the night . As my fellow Salvadorean said , this movie makes the guerrillas loo like they were good people and our army as cruel , reckless and `` bad '' . First of all , I witnessed a bus being hijacked by guerrillas and all the kids taken out to be recruited . Through my experience I can say that the guerrillas AND the military did horrible things but this movie truly doenst show how the war was really like . Also I believe they try to make us look like a 1600 's town . People on horse wagons and all the people are `` mexican-like '' . I know that to most of you this will come in as a surprize but people from El Salvador as well as Honduras , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , etc do n't look like Mexicans ! It makes me upset that we are stereotyped as mexicans . Well , overall , this is a historically innacurate , bad movie
 This review concerns the condition of the so called new DVD media that this MGM release , Salvador is on , rather than the content of the movie itself.I ordered several movies at one time from Amazon a few months ago , and did not get to view them all during the return window . I did test most of them by just seeing if they would load and start to play , and even spot checked a few chapters , but did not play them clear through because I did n't have the time or desire to watch that many movies in a month.This movie was an MGM DVD , which -LRB- along with Paramount and Columbia/Sony -RRB- is a brand I 've previously had relatively little difficulty with on defects , though I read in reviews that others have had difficulty . -LRB- I 've experienced some DVDs from some other studios not reliably playing , but wo n't mention them here . -RRB- Unfortunately , when I recently tried to play the Salvador movie , it froze in several places and several parts of the DVD would not play , so it was impossible to watch the whole movie . Inspection of the DVD disk itself revealed that , even though the protective plastic over the data layer -LRB- e.g. the bottom side of the disk -RRB- was clean and clear , the data layer itself was defective.Viewed from the bottom side , about 80 percent of the data layer has the shiny and metallic look of a normal commercial DVD , except that it has a slight yellow cast when compared to some other DVDs . The problem is in the other 10-20 percent of the data layer , where some of it appears to be a dull flat gray , even having the appearance of oxidized aluminum sheet metal in places . The low rating is because a movie you pay for and ca n't watch obviously is n't worth what was paid for it.What is worrisome about the oxidization defect is that it could potentially occur at a later time on other DVDs . This could be a problem , since there does n't seem to be a way to replace bad disks from some studios . -LRB- A suggestion is that studios lighten up on the idea of making backups , especially if they wo n't replace movies on defective media . A backup could at least salvage what is still readable on a DVD before the whole disk goes bad . -RRB- Some movies even become unavailable after a while . A case in point for a movie going off the market is the `` Song of Norway '' movie , which is a completely different genre.Concerning the parts of the `` Salvador '' movie I could see , I thought that the movies `` Romero '' and `` Innocent Voices '' were better movies about what went on in El Salvador.I could not find a way to contact MGM about defective DVDs at their web site , so this is to alert other buyers to be wary of defective disks -LRB- regardless of the studio -RRB- , and to play them CLEAR THROUGH during the retailer 's return window whether you want to view the movie that soon or not . This tends to make it impractical to order many DVDs at once from any seller having a relatively limited return window . Spot checking did n't uncover the defects.While I was looking into this matter , I found that the sites for some other brands of DVDs -LRB- Universal and Disney -RRB- DID have an easily accessible way to contact them about replacement of defective DVDs . I have n't discovered any defective DVDs from either of these studios yet , so I ca n't comment on how satisfactory their process is , but at least they appear to have a process in place that customers can find.I hope this helps potential DVD buyers . Again , this is not about the content of the movie Salvador , but is instead about defects I found in the media it was distributed on . If a solution is found and there is a way to post an update , I 'll try to add an update later .
 Admittedly , I only got through about the first 15 minutes of this video . I have some yoga experience and know most basic poses but the narrator moves very quickly from pose to pose without any instruction as to how to move easily from one to another . Once in the pose , there is some instruction on perfecting the pose and breathing but I spent most of the time getting into the pose just in time for him to change it up again . I gave up when he said it was time to pick up the pace and start `` flowing '' , by which he seemed to mean go faster . There may be a word for the particular sequence of poses he was doing but it reminded me all to much of having to do squat-thrusts over and over in gym class in high school , just sort of a yoga-version . I like yoga to be centering and relaxing while also providing a workout . This was just a workout . * I will qualify this by saying that up until 6 months ago , I was a couch potato . I have been exercising and doing yoga since then but am still far from being in shape . If you are very fit and quick on your feet with a foundation of knowledge in yoga poses , this might be exactly what you are looking for .
 If you do n't already know the names of the poses and know how to get into them instantly , then do n't purchase this video . The instructor speaks very fast and I had a hard time understanding what he was saying . Also , there was no explanation as to how to get into a pose and I had to keep looking at the television to see if I was doing it correctly -LRB- ignoring my breathing because there was no time for it -RRB- and by the time I got into what I thought was the correct pose , he was already changing poses in a fast manner . In less than five minutes , I had to shut it off and sit in child 's pose to breathe slowly and collect my racing thoughts . I am pleased to say that I was promptly issued a refund .
 I am new to yoga and I found this video difficult to use . The audio and video quality are mediocre . The speaker talks too fast and does not describe the poses well . The video was shot at a bit of a distance making it difficult to see the detail what the instructors are doing , such as how they place their feet and hands .
 An intriguing premise , decent special effects , and a competent musical score ca n't quite overcome this film 's disjointed plot , amateur acting , slow pacing , and -LRB- at times -RRB- hilariously bad dialogue . A nice try , with some quirky originality , but `` The Suitcase '' for me was mostly lost luggage .
 Wow ... nobody has reviewed this yet ? Maybe because nobody has watched it . Call me a sucker . Oh well . This is NOT a movie/film ... it is only a slideshow with a horrible soundtrack of music and a narrator that is eerily similar to the computer generated reader voice on my PC . Boring . No creativity . Many many of the same images were used multiple times . If the editor had only used the images once each , the slideshow would have been about 15 minutes instead of 2 hours . Do n't waste your time . The producers should be ashamed . I would have given it ZERO stars , except that one of the themes in the slideshow emphasizes that the 5-pointed star is a sign of evil . So ... 1 star !
 OMG What a hack job . You can get all of this and more , plus much better dialogue watching anything from Michael Tsarion
 Poorly constructed movie bordering on the absurd . Characters made no sense at times and the acting was really bad.Don ' t waste your time unless you have absolutely nothing else do .
 I 've popped this movie in my dvd player on so many occasions trying to watch some D-rate horror movie from a $ 5-for-4 movie titles combo pack . Each time , I lose interest once the pregnant white trash couple trying to sell their baby to some yuppies starts fighting with ... each other and/or The Yuppies who want to buy their white trash baby ? I honestly have no clue , because I know that 's when the `` action '' is supposed to begin , but honestly , it never comes . Even at the end of the movie when there 's supposed to be some suspense and tension between the catty women and one of the dudes is crazy or something , nothing happens , I still did n't care , and I still did n't know what the hell was going on aside from White Trash Mom has been narrating this story to some trucker who picked her up on the side of the road . Credits roll with sappy -- not scary ! -- music , and I do n't even know what I just did with 90 minutes of my life .
 I got this for a friend who loves Jeffery Donovan , we were confused the entire time and felt like idiots when it ended . If you have to google what the real meaning is then they did n't do a good job getting the message across .
 Hindsight -LRB- Paul Holahan , 2008 -RRB- It never fails to amaze me what idiots some people are . You may remember a hue and cry a couple of months -LRB- as I write this -RRB- ago over the movie Orphan from all the usual suspects , organizing boycotts and such because of the movie 's controversial portrayal of adoption . -LRB- None of the protestors , of course , ever actually saw the movie ; they never do . -RRB- And yet there was , from the same braindead morons , a terrific vacuum surrounding Hindsight , considered by more than a few critics to be one of the best films of 2008 and -LRB- since it never got wide theatrical release -RRB- ranking high on IFC 's list of must-see movies for Summer 2009 , which makes Orphan 's dysfunctionality look like it came straight from the set of Ozzie and Harriet . I find myself confused , to say the least . Perhaps even more confused than I find myself by those woefully misguided critics who seemed to have loved it so -LRB- not to mention whatever portion of the IFC staff had forgotten to eat their Wheaties before watching this half-baked mess -RRB- . Hindsight is the story of a broke , criminal trailer-trash couple , Dina -LRB- The Oh in Ohio 's Miranda Bailey -RRB- and Ron -LRB- Walk the Line 's Waylon Payne -RRB- , who decide , when confronted with an unwanted pregnancy , to sell the baby over the Internet . They find Maria -LRB- Blade II 's Leonor Varela -RRB- and Paul -LRB- Burn Notice 's Jeffrey Donovan -RRB- , who , they say , have gone through every legal channel without success , and are willing to barter in black market babies . Problem is , neither side of this equation is being quite square with the other , and the misunderstandings soon spiral out of control ... If that sounds like the plot of half the torture porn movies you 've ever seen , but without any of the violence that lends those movies prurient interest , then you 've hit the nail right on the head . It does n't help that every plot synopsis of the movie you 'll find gives away the big plot twist halfway through the film -LRB- I tried to dance around it as much as I could ; most are far more explicit , some actually giving away both sides of the duplicity -RRB- , which robs the film of any sort of suspense it might have held . -LRB- The movie 's framing device , which also gives the movie its title , also robs it of much of the suspense . -RRB- This probably could have been an above-average psychological thriller given a couple more script rewrites , but what we actually get is as run-of-the-mill as they come . **
 When they mixed the supernatural with a crime movie , you sometimes get great results such as `` Crow '' which added the right about of sex , nudity , violence , music , and weird . Sometimes you do n't get good results such as this movie . Simon Rex plays Taz , a wannbe-drug king . His dad , or step-dad , is played by the tough guy Ving Rhames , who starts out the movie as dead , comes to life in a flashback , then really comes back to life as a demon . Taz , in order to save his family from being murdered , makes a deal with the devil , -LRB- who would BTW already would have his soul -RRB- to become the new drug king of Miami . Ving as the demon goes around to eliminate the competition , although as it turns out Taz does n't have the stomach for the job . Blood , killing , brief sex scenes , brief nudity and not enough of anything worth while . Not a good supernatural film , not a good crime film . The movie has us identify with a drug king who is both a bad guy and a coward . It just does n't work well .
 This movie was very &#34; corny , &#34; low budget . I am very surprised that Ving Rhames was even in it . My husband order it to watch just out of curiousity . We were both disappointed with it.Ving is the split personality of another actor -LRB- no clue what his name was -RRB- who kills people . Drug/gang related movie . Too far fetched and cheesey for me . Ving is the only actor in the movie that I had even ever seen before .
 This movie is gross and boring . I never cared less about a main character . My favorite actor in this movie was the bicycle . Offensive pornography references over and over .
 While watching this I probably smiled less than the two mopy girls in the movie . I have no clue how this movie got such high ratings .
 The trailer to 100 Women made it seem like this would be a lighthearted rom com however , the humor was gross and obnoxious . This movies strong point was how it poked fun at both genders . Some of these were hits and some were awful but a few funny and intelligent points were made . The movies overall message was that men and women need each other and that men are nothing without women which was sweet , but the path to this conclusion was long and disgusting . I saw this movie for free with a promo credit which makes me feel better because I only wasted my time . It was interesting enough to finish and even provoked a few laughs , but some of the movie was so gross I had to look away . It was the same type of raunchy gross humor often seen in comedy 's like Euro Trip and The Hangover , but it was poorly executed and over the top -LRB- gets his tongue stuck in his girlfriend while performing cunalingus for example -RRB- . I spent most of my time just listening to the film while doing internet searchs in other windows . This movie was about as vulgar as Hangover part 2 , so if you like that sort of thing give this a try .
 Unless you 're a 13-yr old boy , this movie is n't worth 10 minutes of your time - crappy characters that are a total turnoff , horrible story.I apologize that I am unable to give you a better description of this movie so that you will avoid watching this but I am at a loss for words this movie sucks on so many levels .
 This film had a great premise , a talented cast , and a budget to make it work . What it didnt have was decent writing . This is a cautionary tale for writers and directors that have no clear vision for what the film should be . It was all over the place , unable to commit to being a dark comedy , a drama , or an action flick . It was utterly disappointing . The only thing that made it watchable were great performances by Jude Law and Forest Whitaker . They obviously had the budget to create a good film ; the sets were darkly atmospheric , they had an A list cast , etc , but they couldnt make it work . It reminded me of Robocop , in that they tried to blend dark comedy with action and drama in a corporate-run future society , but where that movie committed to a premise and worked , this one failed . It may have been saved , but the ending effectively contradicted everything that you 'd watched for the last hour .
 REPO MEN may be worthy of a bit of interest in the novel form ` The Repossession Mambo ' by Eric Garcia -LRB- who co-wrote the script with Garrett Lerner -RRB- , but as a film it is simply silly . After about fifteen minutes into the movie the greatest temptation is to turn it off , but since it is paid for you sit through it , hoping that it will have some redeeming graces . Mistake.Directed by neophyte Miguel Sapochnik whose credits are in art direction , the film for some reason has a number of outstanding actors attached to it
 If you think there is a final line no movie should even close , think again . This bloody mess not only reaches , it flies right over it . By far . Morale is absolutely not an issue.A job is a job . Human bodies are dissected by coldblood killers hired by evil Union corporation in order to take back forgs - mechanical organ transplants . From those who defaulted on their obligations . Cut out from paralized humans , with no anestesia . Humans are left to die . Kids are not spared.Movie is supposed to give something , entertain , impress you . This butcher can only entertain serial killers and give you PTSD . If you choose to see this movie - make sure you have a stomach for it . Warn you , it can not be unseen .
 I felt this movie wasted the amazing plot line it had . It was a big dismantlement and the ending was terrible . I was really looking forward to watching this and now realize there is about two hours of my life I am never getting back .
 If there is a worse Jude Law movie out there , I am not going to go looking for it . This is cheese with a capital C. I 've liked some of his stuff , so it was double disappointment . Not even his good looks could pull this one off.Looking at the title and reading the blurb , I thought `` this sounds pretty good . '' A `` Constant Garden '' extended to the next level . What could be more exciting ? A `` truth could be stranger than fiction '' kind of thriller it promised to be , wherein body parts are sold to the highest bidder on the black market ; they were subsequently installed in the buyer , and all would be fine if it worked out financially , but if you did n't finish paying for your liver or spleen or whatever it was , the `` repo men '' were sure to come calling and unceremoniously repossess the goods . It had all the makings of a different kind of movie , one whose plot could have had impact , and one whose timeliness may be not that far off , if you read the biotech headlines and uneasily suspect how much of it could actually be `` all about the money '' in the multitude of `` wrong hands '' that are out there now . So , in high anticipation , I hastened to have it sent in - and I 'm glad I decided to view it first before buying it.Fraught with disappointment when I realized what I had , I did n't watch it all the way through , but this is what I got out of what I did see
 Think of an irregular heart beat . Now apply that to the elements that compose a film.In a nutshell , this is Repo Men
 Jude Law and Forrest Whittaker are two really talented actors . So why they signed on to REPO MEN is beyond me.In what amounts to a sci-fi zombie/slasher film , transplant patients have their hearts ripped out for an arrearage -LRB- literally -RRB- . REPO MEN is far too gory . It 's also frenetic and implausible , and full of things we 've seen before in better movies . For example , the ending pointlessly and irrationally samples THE MATRIX.Unrelievedly dark and apocalyptic , this film has no sense of humor , no originality , and little true entertainment value . Jude Law is standing in for Jason Statham 's character in CRANK , but Statham knew enough not to take himself seriously . Law and Whittaker are oh , so so grim . Is REPO MEN supposed to be a reflection on the housing crisis ? I doubt it , only because REPO MEN has no wit at all . The film 's just a downer.I 'm sick and tired of these Hollywood jeremiads . I do n't know how these miserable , depressive films get produced , or why , but I always feel angry at the end of something like REPO MEN . After all , that 's two hours of my life that I could have spent doing something productive , like plunging a toilet .
 Revolting . Repulsive . Turgid . Vile . Nauseating . Did I leave any perjoratives out ? This is one of the most disgusting movies I 've ever seen . It 's nothing more than a big budget slasher movie that borders on the pornographic . How respectable actors like Jude Law and Forest Whitaker can involve themselves in such dreck is beyond me . How this project was ever greenlighted is equally unfathomable . There may have been some dark humor to be mined by the film 's dubious premise but as executed here it 's just unpleasant . Do yourself a favor and avoid this sadistic exercise . Poking hot needles in your eyes would be more worth your while .
 Repo Man is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Could n't bear to watch it . Wasted such talented actors - or at least I had thought they were . But why would they take these roles . Horrible premise . AVOID !
 this movie was n't as good as we thought it would be . I really would n't recomend it .
 I was turned off after 30 minutes into this movie because of excessive and unnecessarily gory scenes . For example , the scene where Jude Law killed one person after another with all kinds weapons such as hammer , saw , etc. . Not only it 's so far-fetched but it 's also so inhuman that I wanted to throw up . These scenes horrified me for only 10 minutes . After that , my horror was replaced with disgust.There was no human feeling here . Yes , there were some moments where love or friendship were depicted but they 're so brief and badly done that they did not stir up any emotion at all.The idea was interesting . It 's basically health care exploitation . In the fiction future , people could have artificial internal organs implanted to replace their bad ones with high interest rate . When they defaulted , the organs would be reclaimed by `` Repo men '' . These guys just killed people to take back the organs . The director should have concentrated on the suspense and love or friendship angles of the movie . That could have made it more enjoyable.The only intriguing thing was the twist at the last moment . It caught me off guard but it 's very unsettling . This was the reason I gave it two starts . Without it , I would have given this film one star.Rottentomatoes website shows this picture made 13.2 millions at the US box office .
 I agree 100 % with previous reviewers that have mentioned a weak plot and dodgy editing . What could have been a really unique story was butchered -LRB- literally -RRB- with a childish attempt to shock and thrill.Where they were trying to be edgy they ended up being frustratingly odd and depressingly dark.I could n't even bring myself to bother watching the end .
 The whole premise of this movie is beyond ridiculous . Save your time and your money .
 I automatically worry when I find out that a movie was filmed years before its release . That 's just the case with Repo Men , filmed in 2007 but not released to theaters until 2010 , when it was listed at # 7 of box office flops for that year.Intriguing premise aside , Repo Men is simply too cold , too unfocused , too creepy , and way too malevolent to serve as the social commentary it wants us to believe it is . Instead , you start to think that maybe they wanted this to be a full-out horror film -LRB- I 'm speaking of the unrated version , which is what I watched -RRB- . At other times , you try to convince yourself that maybe it 's a satire
 This film tries to be edgy and suspenseful , but it 's just a train-wreck in slow-motion . From the beginning , the viewer knows things will get ugly with the protagonists ' friends and colleagues . Why the devil draw it out?The main character is likeable enough , his wife unpleasant in a silly , yet believable way . Sadly , his best friend - turned - killer is just a foil for the protagonist , and watching him fall out of love with his bestie is agony . For God 's sake , if you 're making an action movie , get the betrayal over with quick and move on to the retribution . Stringing it out just makes your audience uncomfortable and grouchy.This film tries to be a clever character study blended with speculative fiction . It fails at these things thanks to a cliche 'd script , in spite of otherwise competent direction , acting and photography.C -
 What a disappointment ! Jude Law and Forest Whitaker play partners working for `` The Union , '' a company in the near future that manufactures and sells artificial organs . Fortunately , this medical miracle means that people no longer have to wait on donor lists for a kidney or other organ , and they can even augment their existing organs to work better . However , these organs are extremely expensive , and The Union makes a great deal of their profits by essentially giving people a mortgage for their organs . Of course , if they default on the loan , then there will be a price . Repossession . That 's where Law and Whitaker come in as the titular repo men . They 're among the best in the business and make a lot of money , but harvesting artificial organs from people can eat away at one 's soul.The setup is fairly intriguing , and `` Repo Men '' could have been a decent movie . However , other than the clever scenario , almost nothing about the movie is original , and there are some very unlikeable parts as well . Let 's start with a few positives . First , Jude Law is , as usual , a very competent if distant leading man here . The movie effectively incorporates classic jazz songs into the soundtrack , such as `` Feelin ' Good '' by Nina Simone -LRB- although some people might feel uneasy with the juxtaposition of these classics and the movie 's gore -RRB- . Finally , Alice Braga makes an atypical -LRB- if rather bland -RRB- leading lady.Whatever positives the movie has are far outweighed by numerous problems . First , the scenes of the organ harvesting are really gross , which adds absolutely nothing to the movie . Second , the movie should have been no more than 90 minutes but drones on for just over 2 hours . My biggest problem with the movie , though , was that we are supposed to root for Law as he fights against The Union . However , in the process , he mostly has to fight -LRB- and kill -RRB- faceless security people who have n't done anything wrong . That these scenes are so bloody does n't help . Indeed , the movie gets surprisingly gory and violent toward the end for no good reason . The movie goes from simply boring and overlong to really terrible during the last 20 minutes or so , with a ridiculous scene set in the `` pink room . '' There are several surprise `` twists '' - none of which I saw coming . Nor did I care . I was just glad when the movie ended .
 Yeah , it 's over!The lighting was so dark in the first half of the movie ` that you lose interest because you ca n't really see the fight scenes.By the time the lighting is corrected you really do n't care about the movie.If you ca n't see the actors you ca n't connect with them.I could n't wait for it to end.Jude Law was fabulous as was Forest Whitaker.If not for them I would have turned it off sooner.Sorry guys you did the best with what you were given . ~ Cornelius
 Derivative mashup ofLogan 's RunandBrazilspiced with a bit of the old ultra violence , erotic surgery , and a nice performance from Forest Whitaker . I did n't hate it .
 From the trailers I was expecting something dark and funny of the same quality as Repo Man , not that the two have much to do with each other . Well , no way did that happen . As in Sherlock Holmes this another waste of two fine talents , Law and Whitaker . Anything of an edgy nature dissipated minutes after the start and plodded into a morality tale . Like Daybreakers , Repo Men seemed to want to redeem itself with a provocative or innovative ending . I did n't think it worked for Daybreakers and is even less effective here . As far as a morality play I think the laughable Parts
 It must have been quite the payday . What a stupid movie . Do n't waste your time , watch Blade Runner again instead .
 This movie was entertaining , but had one downfall
 While I enjoyed films like Blade Runner , Repo Men is simply another milestone along a dark , depressing , violent path filled with casual , comedic , violence , and vivid human dissection.Being gross , graphic , nasty , banal , depressing , depraved with just a soup son of humor is the trend . Where will this end?I just ca n't wait for the next generation of films where babies are treated as bloody props as were the humans in this film . One of the few taboos left , I guess.Did the movie have a message ? What the future holds for used car salesmen ? That they will move on up to selling , and repossessing human organs ? That capitalism will eventually , and literally consume all the little people who ignore the fine print ? Sort of self defeating , one would think!Heroes are chumps ! Even when someone attempts to redeem themselves , they will fail completely and the evil they tried to prevent will simply go on -- business as usual.And like the movie Inception , the hero , is deluded into thinking he has succeeded . Just plain empty , filled with excessive human carnage.Very bleak panorama for humanity . I foolishly wasted over an hour of what little life I have left .
 This science fiction movie is a combination of science fiction , thriller and homoerotic attraction . In a distant future , everyone can get a second chance in life by having an artificial organ put in their body . But for such high technology lease on life , there is a steep price . Most people can not afford it . They fall behind in their payments for the surgery and that is where our main character 's repo men come into play . These men will kill if necessary in order to retrieve organs which can then be recycled to the next patient , or shall I say a victim.Film has many twists and moves , but Marx brothers rumble between two main characters played for Forrest Whitaker and Jude Law goes over the top at times . I watched unedited version of this film and some of the scenes of organ retrievement are quite graphic and perhaps even unnecessary .
 Even though a science fiction story should not be held to the boundaries of reality , breaching those boundaries must be justified . Here , the most disturbing acts in The Repo Men were the removal of organs from living people or implanting organs with total disregard to the boundaries of biology . Aside from the criminal and unethical murder of people who could not pay their mortgage on time , cutting skin and missing with deep living tissue , on the fly , with the patients walking , taking , and moving with deeply opened tissues , is moronic . The risk/benefit balance of breaching the laws of biology to grip the minds of the viewers favors disgust and disdain over fear , shock , or awe.The talented and motivated actors and actresses who entrusted the movie maker to make them shine , ended up carving a foolish play that would not stand the test of consumer approval.Once you get the zest of the childish design of the story , you start asking many questions that lead to the same conclusion
 It was just blah , from beginning to end , it was just blah . I wanted to like it but there was nothing there to like ... oh well .
 This is right up there with one of the worse movies i 've ever seen . So many things made no sense at all . What was the role of the Brazilian actress in the film and wow this guy gives up on his wife pretty quick . I guess humans must be pretty advanced to be able to have all these man made body parts including optic eyes and still be able to survive . . I highly suggest renting this before you buy it , if you feel you must have it , because It is not worth the money . The acting is also pretty bad .
 Think of a future where there are no rights to life , but becasue money buys life , there is only the competition for survival . The better movies have heroes and conflict-resolution . The victims are the irresponsible who are unemployed and can not pay off their debt . Then there are the hunters who assassinate for money , and their own self-interest . Bloody , conflicted , drug use .
 Here 's a tip if you plan on going to see the new Jude Law movie , Repo Men
 I have never reviewed a movie on Amaxon but it was so terrible I was moved to write a review . This could have been a good film . The concept and acting are good , it just had very poor writting and editing . I am not squimish but this was gross in a totally unnecassary way , it actually detracted from the movie . The character development was poor , you never understood why he cared for her , why she was special or why he was so trapped into the relationship with his best friend . I really was truely horrible and you should stay away .
 This movie is n't worth buying , let alone renting . The concept is asinine and it is a liberal screed that tries to portray the horrors of private medical care , as if public care does n't already do the same and worse . Rather than get into a debate over rationing of medical care -LRB- every system does so , public & private alike -RRB- , this violent and pointless film comes down on private medical care with bad guys -LRB- the greedy corporation -RRB- that are so ridiculous that it was a joke.A more realistic future would be one where the government was led by a committee -LRB- we 'll call it the Berwick Committee instead of the `` Union '' -RRB- that decided who lived and who died , and what procedures would be covered by government-provided coverage that you were required to pay into . Of course the Berwick Committee would have much better coverage and would n't have to worry about the same coverage and life and death issues as the rest of society . What a movie that would be .
 OMG this movie was unbearably horrid . I was so distracted while watching this . Distracted by Forrest Whitaker 's wandering/lazy eye as well as Jude Laws disappearing hairline . And believe me that baby 's hairline was doing some mad disappearing acts . He looks like the white version of Peabo Bryson round about the head . But as for the film all I can say is no Ma'am !! Did not want and/or need this hot baked hard boiled mess of a film . The acting was weak , plot was all over the place and they could have kept the bad dialog and lighting to themselves . Would rather lay under a guillotine and face execution than watch this again or better yet would have rather had my gallbladder removed w/o anesthesia than watch this again . Sorry this movie was not the business .
 `` In the vein of high school musical '' was what the description said , so I thought I knew what I was getting . I was wrong . Words can not express my dislike of this film . Even a musical needs a coherent plot of some kind , but IKaV had none . The music was mediocre at best , the villain not really villainous , and the production value felt just one step higher than what some friends would do in their garage . The vocal talent was n't too far off though . Still , save your money , save your time , and save yourselves .
 Wow . I thought -LRB- mistakenly -RRB- that this could be good campy humor , needless nudity and a decent burn of 2 hours . Couldnt get past the first 30 minutes . Maybe if I was a 14 year old I would find it great . WARNING
 This was such an awful movie , I could n't watch the rest.Don ' t waste your $ 17 on the DVD or the $ 3.99 on the rental.I paid $ 1 at redbox and I regret it . I really like Drew Seeleybut this was just bad .
 Very misleading cover art , if you are expecting a grindhouse B-Movie sexploitation film ... I was . The cover is made to look like a 60 's drive-in poster , -LRB- must have got the idea from a recent release called `` Teenage Hitchhikers '' which DID deliver a classic sexploitation film . BUT if you pay attention to the text , `` Cassie 's Done Stripping ... '' , well her stripper days were BEFORE they made this film , even in her sex scenes she remains fully clothed . And at the strip club , the strippers never appear in less than fully covered lingerie . Except for maybe 5 seconds , from a distance , and edited so tight you better not blink . Other than that , its a fair attempt at the consequences of finding drugs and money that are not yours . The only exploitation is in misleading the buyers .
 This movie looks like it is going to be good gem about black magic and stuff , but the acting , budget , set and characters are so bad it 's hard to watch it all the way through . It has asian african american and caucasian people interacting in ways that are unreal . It seems like they walked up a street and found people to fill in parts for the movie . You never get the feel that this is a real movie and you never feel for the actors .
 All he wanted was a wife . One that would love , honor , and care for him . He kept getting women that used him for his money , so he locked them in the basement . He has dreams and wakes up to find himself turning into a monster . He has to beg his lord to make him young again . In his Vineyard there are bodies of the dead which return to life night after night . When a group of would be actors and actresses visit the island to be in one of his movies , will they figure out his darkest secrets ?
 This is one of my favorite movies and right when it got to my favorite part the disc started skipping wont by from this seller ever again !
 Basically just a venue for Russell Simmons to hype his label -LRB- Krush = Def ; Groove = Jam -RRB- and the music is disappointing . Beastie Boys and LL Cool J get short shrift and Sheila E. gets major camera time , and even raps ? The only really redeeming aspect of the film is that you get to see the Def Jam stable of artists from 15 years ago . Totally lacks the ... um ... style of `` Wild Style '' .
 This movie was alright , but not something I 'd like to watch again . Once is enough . I never knew Sheila E. had starred in `` Krush Groove '' and it was kind of weird hearing her rap and mingling with hip-hop artist . She really looked out of place . Other than that , this movie is n't anything to write home about .
 I may be The Asylum 's biggest fan , but even I can not defend this film . Apparently believing that untold TV fans have spent years desperately longing for Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams to have a go at one another -LRB- and yet somehow missed their Celebrity Boxing match a few years back -RRB- , The Asylum threw together a quick script , hired some of the worst special effects guys in the business , and called it Bigfoot . The big guy does n't have much going for him here -LRB- besides a nasty case of sudden-onset eczema on his head and a tendency to grow and shrink by tens of feet from one scene to another -RRB- , but I will say this for Bigfoot . He 's pissed off . This ai n't your typical Bigfoot , hiding out in the wilderness and roaring or throwing rocks at any human who manages to get close to him . This Bigfoot is constantly out in the open , stomping people , ripping people in two , snapping the heads off of unfortunate human victims , taking out really stupid people in helicopters , you name it . If he were n't brought to digital life so amateurishly , he would be a total bad ass.The setting is Deadwood , South Dakota . Local DJ Harley Anderson -LRB- Danny `` Partridge '' Bonaduce -RRB- will stop at nothing to make sure his 1980s Outdoor Music Festival will go on as planned . -LRB- Do n't get too excited - the only 80s rocker you 'll get to see here is Alice Cooper , and he does n't even get to sing . -RRB- His biggest obstacles are a freak snowstorm and the constant protests of some tree-hugging neo-hippies led by Simon Quint -LRB- Barry `` Greg Brady '' Williams -RRB- - or so he thought until Bigfoot shows up . Apparently , Bigfoot really , really , really hate 80s music , thus proving himself to be more beast than man . Anyway , the rest of the movie consists of Anderson trying to kill the creature while Quint and his young minions attempt to save its life by capturing it alive . Of course , untold people die horrible deaths before everything comes to a head - Abraham Lincoln 's head , to be exact , the one on Mount Rushmore.Sadly , Bonaduce is actually the best actor involved in this project , which tells you all you need to know about the acting on display . Howard Hesseman turns up as Deadwood 's mayor , thus proving that his career is pretty much over , and - in the `` oh how they 've fallen '' category - a plump Sherilyn Fenn surfaces as the local sheriff . As for that big 80s music festival , the Woodstock comparisons do n't exactly come to fruition , as no more than 50 people showed up . And those special effects - give me a green screen and a cheap camera , and I could probably do better.Lest I forget , though , the film is somewhat educational . In addition to informing all of those real-life hunters out there that the best way to flush a Bigfoot out of his lair is to play 80s music , this film also alerts us to the fact that we should turn all of our lights off at night so as not to annoy any nearby Bigfoot . You 'll also get a special appreciation for our military 's Special Forces . Who knew it was so difficult to get a rifle fix - with a scope , no less - on a giant Bigfoot head twenty feet away ? And , whatever you do , do n't sneak up on a soldier with a gun , as he 's liable to pump you full of bullets , even long after he 's discovered you 're actually a person and not a mythical , hairy beast .
 31/2 stars for Asylum -LRB- or bad SyFy -RRB- Fans1 1/2 stars
 I hate to admit it , but I was a fan of `` The Partridge Family '' and `` The Brady Bunch '' back in the 70s . Why ? Well , I was young and dumb is all I can say . Being older and wiser , I saw that Danny and Barry were going head-to-head on the SciFi channel tonight -LRB- 2012June30 -RRB- , so I just HAD to watch.There is a scene where Barry is going to sing at the county fair , and I exclaimed , `` Go , Johnny Bravo ! '' -LRB- was n't that his alter-ego as the young , up-and-coming singer ? -RRB- But unfortunately , Barry 's lost some of his skills - particularly in the singing department - but luckily , Alice Cooper came in to save the day . Well , at least until Bigfoot had his way with the rocker turned wannabe golf pro . -LRB- Does n't AC spend more time on the golf course these days than the stage ? Got ta be safer when Bigfoot 's around . -RRB- This film is bad . Really bad . But it is bad in a `` good '' way I suppose , since it will keep you laughing . But Blu-ray ? Do you really want to waste 25 Gigs on this stuff ? How about ordering it on DVD instead . Better yet , is VHS still available ? That way , you ca n't see how bad the `` special '' effects are .
 I really must stop wasting my time watching anything produced by the SyFy station . Ever the optimist , I keep thinking `` well , maybe this one will be okay '' , and each time my optimism is crushed and two hours of my life are wasted -LRB- not to mention god knows how many brain cells -- I always feel dumber after watching a SyFy movie ! -RRB- . I watched this only because I am a HUGE bigfoot film geek , so the subject matter was close to my heart . But any resemblance to the beloved mythical cryptid is missing here -- this should have been called AN AMERICAN KING KONG ! Really ? Bigfoot is shown here as a GIANT beast who can snatch up people in one hand -LRB- and then bite their heads off -RRB- . Um ... ? Where did such a HUGE thing `` hide '' for all these years ? No one ever saw this thing ? Well , except for the cast of a certain classic children 's animated Christmas special , as this thing looks more like a `` Bumble '' than a bigfoot -LRB- shame it did n't bounce ! -RRB- . There simply are n't enough words to describe just how bad this turd is . Wish I could give it 0 stars . I really must stop wasting my time on SyFy movies ...
 I enjoyed the first 45 minutes of this film . It made me interested enough to want to keep watching . It really starts falling apart though in the last half hour - it simply makes no sense . The scares come cheap -LRB- lots of lame `` boo '' moments -RRB- and the whole ghost angle is poorly conceived and not particularly compelling . It 's a shame .
 Girl -LRB- they never introduce themselves to each other -- ha ha , really clever -RRB- catches a ride to Delaware from Guy , off of a message board . Is Guy who he says he is ? By the 45-minute point , I could give a crap . It was at this point that I realized I was stuck in THAT movie . You know , the one where all the clocks stop , and history keeps repeating itself . Where you relive experiences , and there are ghosts of tragedies past . How many times have I seen this movie ? An absolute groaner of a film with zero surprises . I gave the movie the finger when it was over . Shame on George Clooney and Steven Soderbergh for getting me to reach into my wallet .
 This is a rather disappointing , and ultimately pretty incoherent , ghost story . I think.There are a number of holes in the script and direction , and not even the good acting can overcome these problems.Strangely , given the lengths to which the production went to create the reality of the chilling winter in which our two protagonists are stranded in a road accident , the couple does n't actually seem very cold . In the `` making of '' featurette , they seemed to be shivering and showing their breath , but these effects were n't very visible in the movie itself.Emily Blunt struggles gamely here , and even does one of the most credible American accents by a British actor that I 've ever heard.But ultimately the film really does n't hold together very well , and you will likely wind up scratching your head and saying , `` huh ? '' at the end.Blunt deserves much better material , and I hope she finds more projects like `` The Young Victoria , '' in which she glows like a bright ember .
 After 30 minutes in to the movie , it became boring and dragging . All I could see was a car stranded in a snowstorm . There were some ghost-like feature lurking around the scenes . That 's all!I understand the director wanted it to be a non-explicit supernatural thriller . But to be successful it had to be suspenseful . No , there 's no tension from the beginning to the end . Save your money on this one .
 `` Wind Chill '' begins with a college girl getting a ride home with a college boy for the Christmas holidays ; seems harmless enough . The only things that concerns the viewer are that it is freezing cold outside , there 's a lot of snow on the ground , and they have a very long drive ahead of them in the boy 's rather undesirable automobile . Neither character is particularly interesting as the audience is introduced to two typical college students without much in common . As the movie progresses , things begin to happen that suggest that there is more behind this ride home than just a free ride . Ultimately , things do not go as planned for the two youngsters on their way home , and trouble lurks down the dark and icy road.To give anymore at this point would be to give away too much of the plot . The viewer should be allowed to experience the movie without any further information . However , in saying that , it should not be deduced that the viewer is in for a particularly good movie . I do not think that would be entirely accurate . `` Wind Chill '' attempts some slight misdirection with the plot , but the end result is a mixed bag to put it nicely . The story behind `` Wind Chill '' is not bad per se , but I do not think the makers of this movie did enough with `` Wind Chill '' . Paranormal concepts are sloppily explored in a rather offhand kind of way demonstrating a lack of imagination , skill and effort on the part of the makers of `` Wind Chill '' . Perhaps most damaging to `` Wind Chill '' is the lack of scares associated with this movie . There are only a very few scenes that could sensibly be determined to be scary in `` Wind Chill '' , and I believe this is due in large part to the failure of the writers and director of `` Wind Chill '' to develop a more intricate and unsettling paranormal theme , especially since the creators of `` Wind Chill '' decided to go this route . The atmosphere is there from a setting standpoint , but theme and motif are largely missing , inconsistent at best . The acting is okay with the actress playing the female lead being the best of the bunch . However , that is not saying much . Script issues are a concern with `` Wind Chill '' in that one gets the feeling that the movie could have been better with a more creative script . In other words , not enough happens in `` Wind Chill '' , and what does happen is rather ho-hum and the only chill associated with this movie is with the icy cold setting itself , and not the thrills and chills I am looking for in a horror movie.In short , `` Wind Chill '' is pretty much a yawner , and the audience comes away with an `` is that all there is to this '' type attitude . I can not recommend `` Wind Chill '' as a good horror movie . While the concept behind `` Wind Chill '' could be interesting with the right touch , I believe that the execution of this idea is largely lacking in this movie . And , while there may be some mystery and a tiny bit of suspense to it -LRB- insofar as the how the movie ends is concerned -RRB- , that is about all I can really say for `` Wind Chill '' . Unfortunately , `` Wind Chill '' develops into a rather boring movie-watching experience . My advice would be to skip this one or at the very least rent before you buy .
 Well I decided since this film was getting such neato reviews that I would try it out . Why not to pass a slow Sunday night ? And yet I seriously feel like I wasted my money.I will not get into the details because first of all , there are enough people here , who surprisingly to me , enjoyed the film and has explained the plot well enough , and also because I was honestly nodding in and out of this film . I ca n't remember the last time a film has made me fall asleep , but it 's been awhile.Basically what made me nod off was the so - so acting -LRB- neither impressive nor downright lousy -RRB- , the supposedly shocking scares were incredibly dull , and the story itself turned out to be nothing new from what many other films have done in the past . And above all the chemistry between Blunt and whoever the man was was non existant . They together made the film very awkward that 's all.Never would watch again and do not recommend it .1 / 5
 Ca n't believe this movie has so many average and high reviews . Sorry to say , there 's just nothing to it , including scares . the first hour or so treats the viewer to interminable dialog between characters you do n't even care to learn anything about followed by a bunch of hackneyed spookum drivel . Blech . I usually can find something to like about almost any movie , and enjoy many `` so bad it 's good '' kind of films . But Wind Chill stole two hours of my life and gave me less than nothing in return . It 's not scary , it 's not interesting , it has nothing to hold it together and it 's like scores of other faceless `` horror '' movies we 've all seen . It COULD have been a decent 15-20 minute short , possibly , but stretched out to feature length ? The emperor has no clothes ... also no plot and no chills . I generally only review things that I find enjoyable . I 'm going out of my way to review something I disliked a great deal to try to save you the time , money and energy you 'd waste on this flop . Avoid .
 This film starts out ok ... but then turns into a nightmarish `` Groundhog Day '' type film . Except , it becomes incoherent as to what the story actually is . I guess it 's about a killer ghost cop , I think . But , I do n't understand what the monks with snake tongues mean.One thing I will give this film credit for it the constant shadow shapes in the back ground out the frosty windows . That was creepy , but would have been down right scary had the film made sense .
 I saw the pedigree on this -LRB- Clooney , Sonderbergh -RRB- , and figured the film might be a first class effort at doing a B flick . Folks , you 've seen better on Sci-Fi channel original efforts . The actors are good enough - Ashton Holmes in particular seems a gifted actor trying to make the most of it . And Blunt is also fine , as an unsympathetic character , who you warm a bit to as things get chilly . But the real problem is the script , which goes no where , which is odd , given that snowstorm plus stranded car , with spectral things outside , is kind of hard to mess up for your average horror audience . Wrong . It 's like the director went with an early draft of something that no one bothered to polish a bit , or even think much about . It 's about as empty an hour and half of movie watching as I 've had in some time . And I 'm a fan of the genre who will usually cut such flicks a break . Not this time . Skip this turkey .
 Is this movie supposed to be for kids ? Not once during the whole movie was I scared . Is this supposed to be a horror movie ? It looked more like a marriage drama . The whole time I was hoping for someone to get killed , because that 's what usually happens in horror movies . I had to wait until the last 15 minutes of the movie for this to happen . And only one person got killed , what a disappointment . All the time I was rooting for college Guy to kill college Girl . She seemed like a crazy woman from hell . Without any reason she started to beat on him . Okay , he had some mental problems , but he had n't hurt anyone . She was acting like a lunatic , and should be locked up . Or better , she should have been killed.Emily Blunt 's acting performance as the college Girl was dreadful , by the way . The college Guy also seemed to be suffering from autism or something , because at no time was he acting like a normal college Guy . He seemed like a mental patient escaped from an institution . No wonder college Girl got a little insane.It is never explained why college Guy became a little unstable in the first place , but I guess that must be the reason . It only seems normal , any guy would do the same.The fake snow was the only saving factor that stopped me from totally tearing this movie to pieces . It was a delight to watch and is truly fine fake snow . Unfortunately , snow can only do so much , and it saves the movie from being a total flop .
 What starts out as a great story gets sidetracked literally and figuratively after about 30 minutes . That 's when all logic is thrown out the window and the `` ghosts '' start showing up and the rest of the movie tries to explain what 's going on . Do we care ? Not really , although it must be said Emily Blunt rises above the mundane screenplay with a performance worthy of a better film . She is a star in the making . The screenwriters need to experience real life and not merely reel life -- all their references are bits and pieces from better movies .
 I very recently ordered and received from this site the DVD `` Wind Chill . '' I just opened the sealed package to watch the movie -- and there was NO DVD IN THE BOX ! I received an empty box ! Needless to say , I am not a happy camper . What would I have wanted to know before I purchased this product ? That I could trust this website to provide the product I ordered ! I expect this oversight to be corrected .
 This has to be one of the most boring , no action , stupid plot , lame effects , should never have been made horror movies . Leave this one buried under the snow and do n't waste your time .
 ** 1/2Emily Blunt and Ashton Holmes play two nameless college students who share a ride home for the holidays . On the way from Pennsylvania to Delaware , their car becomes stranded in a snow bank far away from civilization . Soon they are being haunted by the ghosts of all the numerous people who died earlier in the very spot that seems intent on claiming two fresh victims . `` Wind Chill '' is a modest little horror outing whose admirable restraint and sense of atmosphere do n't quite compensate for its overall lack of energy and incoherent storyline . It takes quite awhile for the plot to kick itself into gear , and even when it does , the movie ends not with a bang but with a whimper . `` Wind Chill '' is certainly preferable to an out-and-out gore-fest like `` Saw '' or `` Hostel , '' but a few more runs through the typewriter -LRB- or word processor , as the case may be -RRB- might have gone a long way towards making it a more satisfying and scary film . Like the car stuck in the snowdrift , the audience at `` Wind Chill '' ultimately finds itself stranded in the middle of nowhere .
 I rented this movie but when it downloaded all that downloaded was the preview . I was charged for the actual movie.So , be careful if you want to watch this ! I 'm hoping Amazon fixes it ! I 've contacted Support but I wanted to warn people .
 This is just another crap movie by poor hollywood directors who create a so called movie about a war that their know nothing about or all they know is what been shown on political -LRB- white house controlled -RRB- tv stations like almighty CNN and BBC.Joseph Goebbels of Hitler 's Germany looks like an amature when it comes to CNN and BBC and.Unfotunatelly most of regular americans are so dumb that they belive anything they see on TV and accept as the only `` truth '' not taking the view from the `` accused '' side.Well , let me tell you that I spent 4 years of war in Bosnia and I have seen atrocities from all sides involved in that war . I have seen Serbian women and children killed and raped by muslims . 10,000 Serbs are either killed or missing in Sarajevo alone but no Western Media will show that.Well this so called movie does not tell that story becuase Serbs are labeled in the muslim and Western media as the aggressors of their own land Bosnia where they lived for centuries , and are labeled as the only killers in that war . Muslims , who are actually America 's biggest enemy -LRB- not to mention that Osama Bin Laden was at the Sarajevo Airport in 2002 -RRB- are shown as innocent victims in this movie.You may ask why is this so that only Serbs are shown as the bad guys . Well the answer is simple . America is the strongest nation in the world and they decide who is the bad guy and who is the good guy . But why Serbs ? Why Serbs who have always been America 's allied in both WW1 and WW2 while muslims and Croats were collaborating with Germany and Hitler . Well bosnian muslims -LRB- former Serbs , that converted to islam during Ottoman Empire -RRB- are strongly supported by rich Middle Eastern Islamic Fundamentalist such as Saudi Arabia , Iran , UAE and so on . THeir goal is to create an Islamic country in Europe and then spread further . Unfortunatelly America does not have friends or enemies . It only has interests . And their interest is cheaper oil reserves from Islamic countries and in return it has to protect muslims in Bosnia.I am not saying that Serbs did not do any crimes but so did the muslims and the croats but you will never see such a Movie in Hollywood !
 The Hunting Party seems to be the latest Serb-bashing film to come out of Hollywood . A Croatian-American production , it is drenched in bias from start to finish . The film attempts to portray the efforts of three stooge-like journalists who decide to capture Bosnian Serb Dr. Radoslav Bogdanovic , a.k.a. the `` Fox '' , -LRB- a fictitious character drawn up to resemble a cross between Bosnian Serb leaders Dr. Radovan Karadjic and General Radko Mladic -RRB- . The film starts off poorly from the beginning and continues its downfall all the way to the very bottom.Specifically :1 -RRB- It is the same old/usual clich&eacute;s involving one of Hollywood 's favorite villains/scapegoats
 The Hunting Party is a cold , disjointed film that seems to be hunting desperately for a genre to fit into.The Hunting Party is based on a true story about three journalists -LRB- played by Richard Gere , Terrence Howard , and -RRB- who go on a mission to interview and capture one of the most wanted war criminals in the world -- the Fox . True story films usually seem to command a degree of respect , because as we watch it we know some or all of it happened to a certain degree . Despite opening with the line `` Only the most ridiculous parts of this movie are true . '' I could not respect this film.There were so many problems on so many levels I was left dumbfounded . The characters are underdeveloped , distant and impossible to relate to . The decisions they make seem almost trying to make us dislike them . The pacing and flow of the film was disorganized , chopped-up , and confusing . The entire film seemed to be random scenes of a true story tacked together to produce a story and Terrence Howard 's calming narration added to the beginning and end to smooth it out and connect it . It seemed like it was trying to be an intense thriller , a true story about impossible odds , as well as a melodrama of two men who worked together and their experiences.Unfortunately Gere 's and Howard 's talented performances were wasted in this messy mechanical , melodramatic film . I love true stories , but not all true stories were meant to be turned into films .
 Grand Canyon Trail is the song Roy sings . Actually , the plot borrows heavily on Stan & Laurel 's Way Out West . A hotel , a mine a mule ... Even the sheriff might be James Finlayson himself ! Film connoisseurs will also recognize in Roy and Jane Frazee 's performance a hint of John Wayne and Ella Raines in Tall in the Saddle . It 's too bad the video quality is so poor it looks like it 's raining all the time . Although the box reads 67 minutes , the movie is really 57 minutes long , and you can tell when something is missing .
 Plot was difficult to follow , and the acting was terrible . The plot became comical when they began eating each other . Do n't waste your time or money on this movie !
 If you like really bad student films , this is your movie . You 'll realize it within 15 minutes ... Let me save you those 15 minutes , watch something else .
 In my opinion , and with all due respect to think otherwise ... do not rent this movie unless your purpose is to experience just how bad a movie can be .
 Do not waste your money on this one . Please let me spoil it for you . The movie starts with three minutes of a dark hallway and continues like this through the whole movie . There are some residents in an apartment building who get regular rations of dog food from the govt and end up fighting over them and eventually eating each other . Three people leave and go outside . That 's the whole movie . The filming alone is enough to make you sick . This is BAD . If I could give it negative 30 stars , I would .
 Was I just tired or did anyone else find this movie hard to follow ? There were even many times I went back and rewatched a scene and still could n't follow along with it . I was expecting a much better storyline based on the trailer .
 A complete waste of time . Interesting plot , but poorly executed ... The acting was horrible.The movie became comical because it was so terrible ... Definitely the worst post-apocalyptic movie I 've seen .
 It is always frustrating when you read a few reviews giving a movie high praise , only to find out that the movie is completely worthless.Well , that 's what happened here.OMG , I ca n't remember the last time I wanted to throw such derogatory words towards the people who rated this movie highly.Whomever did the soundtrack , had a tough job ; and they failed.The music is constantly building towards climaxes that never happen.The main character is a whimpering woman who sets back feminism to the ice ages.Don ' t waste your time . This is a boring movie , a boring ... boring ... BORING MOVIE !!!!!! Limited budget ? Obviously . Not because of a lack of special efx , but because of lack of talented actors.That being said , the actors did n't have much to work with because the character development was sorely lacking as well .
 Horrible movie . Bad screenplay . Bad acting . Bad film making . The genre has its share of dogs and this is among them .
 It 's one thing to operate a movie on a low budget , it 's another to operate on low talent.This movie operates with both - the first is nothing to be ashamed of , the second is a deadly sin when a goodly portion of what little you have to offer is raw acting.The acting is forced and quite stiff and you find too often amateur-level mistakes like reaction before stimulus , of missplaced emphasis in sentences and of awkward choreography and directing.There have been successful and worthy low-budget movies with somewhat wooden acting - Kevin Smiths ' Clerks is a prime example . But that movie did not have across-the-board amateur acting and it had a powerful spirit and a sharp director . 2084 has little or none of that movie 's spirit and directing and far too much of the plywood emotions found more often in a roadside playhouse.The recent spate of films dealing with apocalypse has had both treasures and turkeys - unfortunately 2084 gobbles from start to finish . Stick to professionally acted films or TV series like Zombieland and Walking Dead and avoid this foul film .
 There is n't much to say about this movie . It 's not scary , it 's boring and it sucks . It was a waste of money and time to watch it .
 This is a slow , slow film about another epidemic that kills off most of the world 's population . Perhaps the director meant to show more character development than in the usual end of the world - but none of the actors nor the dialogue are anything you would want to sit through . Fast forward after the first 5 minutes to the last 5 minutes and see who survives in the end .
 A twenty two year old tries to play a seventeen year old entitled brat that pushes every imaginable button of everyone around her and we are supposed to feel sorry for her and love her in the end . No this movie does not work.Hillary Duff , -LRB- not a bad but not a good actress Lizzie McGuire / Disney captive -RRB- , is Greta a spoiled entitled east coast bee atch sent off to her grandparents Ocean City house for the summer , mother ca n't take care of her anymore and is working on her next marriage . The grandparents are played by two wonderful actors , Ellen Burstyn and Michael Murphy . Grams -LRB- the annoying name Greta uses for her grandmother -RRB- tries very hard to make up for seventeen years of bad parenting in two months . Greta loves to push every one of Gram 's buttons and make her angry.Greta is the perfect bee atch , and that aspect of her character is built perfectly . Poor Greta , her father died when she was younger and now she is taking it out on the world . The world must also notice that this fabulously attractive , brilliant , sensitive , darling is trying to commit suicide . Where the movie stumbles is the horribly predictable humanizing of Greta and how she tries to turn her life back around . The audience is supposed to believe that pulling a wagon of potted plants around and giving them to sad old people is redemption . My reaction to her great change was the same as Grams , I wish you had n't done that . There 's also the predictable ` guess who 's coming to dinner ' nonsense that backfires on Greta.Hillary Duff turns in a horrible performance , probably not far from her real personality . The big surprise was Julie , the line cook at the restaurant where Greta works , played by Evan Ross . He was believable , strong , and caring in all the right ways . Ross does not have a long list of films ; I expect he will do well in his upcoming films.The movie is rated PG-13 . Given the language and a discussion about condoms , it probably is n't a film for viewers younger than 13 . When Greta walks through Asbury Park -LRB- the forbidden zone -RRB- , there is a bit of loud arguing and a person lighting up something indistinct . An adult might recognize this as gang fighting and possibly a crack pipe , but it 's a long stretch.I disliked this film . It was predictable and I did not buy the redemption moment . This was not a dark depressing movie , it was a movie about a girl that thinks she is entitled to everything , is more attractive and sensitive than she really is . Hillary Duff peaked at Lizzie McGuire .
 The first half of this movie held my attention but the second half seemed rushed and went downhill . Much of it was unrealistic , for example
 This entirely predictable movie simply strings together one tired cliche after another . Ellen Burstyn 's performance is excellent , but I had a difficult time believing Hilary Duff was a teenager , let alone a depressed , suicidal teenager . The animated diary sequences held my interest , but the rest of the movie bored me . If you 're a Hilary Duff fan , you might enjoy this film , although her limitations as an actress become appalling apparent when you see her side by side with Ellen Burstyn and Melissa Leo .
 Greta is sent to her grandparents house in New Jersey while her mom tries to work it out with her third husband . It 's a beautiful city , however , not enough fun for wild , sarcastic Greta . She wants to be crazy , have a great time , and experience life before she kills herself . -LRB- Which is what she has decided to do before her 18th birthday . -RRB- She writes in her journal often , which has a `` to do '' list , and it includes things like
 According to Greta is more of a television After School Special than a movie . The main problem with the film being that the first hour is poorly acted and boring . It 's only when the film starts wrapping that the performances become more believable and subtle.The film centers around a 17-year-old girl named Greta -LRB- Hilary Duff -RRB- . Greta has been sent by her Mother to her Grandparent 's -LRB- Michael Murphy & Ellyn Burstyn -RRB- house in a Cape May-like town in New Jersey for the summer . Greta has not had the easiest life , and although she does well in school , she has a rude and blunt personality , and easily alienates people who are trying to befriend her . Most of her issues stem from the fact that her Mother is constantly remarrying and spends little time with her , and her Father is not present -LRB- where he is I 'll let you find out for yourself -RRB- . Faced with a life of loneliness and boredom she decides the best thing to do is commit suicide before she turns 18 . The summer she spends with her Grandparents plays out fairly predictably . Grandma is the stern disciplinarian whom Greta is constantly fighting with , and Grandpa is the lovable peacemaker who is always trying to smooth things over . In order to have some money to spend Greta takes a job at a local restaurant where she is befriended by a young chef named Julia -LRB- Evan Ross -RRB- . Their friendship eventually turns into a romantic relationship . Greta attempts to commit suicide twice , and during her second attempt things do not go as planned . That marks the point in the movie where the story becomes more engaging and the acting more believable.The cut scenes and opening credits deserve a mention . Both are done using stop motion effects and the music that accompanies them is great as well . The visuals are done well and interesting to watch.While I did n't expect a groundbreaking film , the acting in the first half of the movie especially disappointed me . Both Hilary Duff and Ellen Burstyn are acting in an over-the-top melodramatic way . The characters have so many clich&eacute;s in both the performances and costumes that they are forcing down your throat that Greta is a rebellious teen and Grandma is a cantankerous old lady . Moreover , Hilary 's Greta is such a nasty character for most of the film that you simply do n't care if she does kill herself . Evan Ross ' Julia is performed well and his character is nicely developed , but someone needs to tell him to speak up , he whispers all his lines . Thankfully , for some reason , Hilary and Ellen tone it down for the last half hour of the film , and they become much more believable and engaging in their roles.All in all ... if you can get past the first hour , it 's a decent ending . The cut scenes and opening credits are especially enjoyable though .
 I hate Greta . Yeah , yeah , I know I 'm not supposed to really like her until she turns herself around . I did n't buy THAT and I still do n't like her . It 's not amusing to see a teenager , any teenager , disrespect others . It 's simply hurtful , unnecessary and appalling . The movie tries really hard to get you to be sympathetic towards her , but it never worked for me . Everyone has had crap in their life they have to deal with . Most people grow up and beyond their childhood . I know what the people who made this movie wanted me to feel ... they just failed . Epic fail .
 ... but for anybody else , pass on this one.Hilary Duff is an angst-ridden teenager -- not a big stretch there , is it ? Ellen Burstyn must be having trouble finding work , because she agreed to play the completely overly-stereotypical grandmother , in a role far far far below her talents . `` Julie '' is a * gasp * black , * gasp * boy , * gasp * out of juvenile detention , who somehow has his life pulled together and in balance , and pulls Hilary Duff 's character -LRB- Greta -RRB- into something resembling growing up . At first , Greta uses him for shock value to scare her grandparents , but he shows her up as the childish fool that she is.The `` You want to kiss me , do n't you ? '' `` I totally want to kiss you '' scene is so trite as to be beyond belief.Anyway , if you love Hilary Duff , you 'll probably love this movie . If you 're an angst-ridden teenager -LRB- and I 'll even say `` teenage GIRL '' , because boys wo n't care -RRB- , you 'll also probably enjoy it . I 'm neither ; I did n't like it . Enough said .
 I intensely disliked this film . It was executive produced by Hillary Duff , a.k.a. , `` Greta . '' Duff plays an extremely unlikeable 17-year-old , representing every teenage angst cliche I can think of . Even within this genre , she is unlikeable . The non-stereo typical portrayal of Evan Ross ' character Julie is interesting and unexpected , and the performance of he and Michael Murphy and Ellen Burstyn are rather enjoyable . However the whole effect is ruined by Duff 's immaturity , both onscreen and off , as producer . The viewer is bashed over the head with such predictable dichotomies as , `` you , the privileged middle-class white girl do n't appreciate what you have and wish to end your life while the minority lower-class boy wants to make something of himself and values life . '' As does your grandmother , whom you send into a heart attack with your self absorbed , melodramatic suicidal antics , and then has to recover while you , angst-ridden teen , try to get perspective -LRB- finally -RRB- from your older and wiser grandparent as to why aging does n't suck , and really , you ought to stick around a while . At the end , even Greta 's former beau Julie tells her , `` call me when you get it all figured out . '' Uh-huh . Unfortunately , watching Duff gain perspective and `` figure it out '' was painful , trite and unenlightening in the extreme . Oh , and the trivializing reference to Greta 's non-compliance in going off of Lexapro without her doctor 's say so ? Should I start with the fact that SSRIs can increase suicidal thoughts in teens at the outset of taking them ? That they are not remotely comparable to illegal drugs -LRB- which Greta implies -RRB- ? Or that the sudden cessation of taking them can lead to equally undesirable side effects ? What kind of dangerous misinformation is this leading teenagers to believe?Finally , Greta 's mother , who shows up at the end with her ninth husband , is a character so horrible to contemplate in her cliched vapidity -LRB- i.e. , I am a former-drug-taking-now-yuppified-Baby-Boomer , and I can not be bothered to raise my child or help her deal with her father 's suicide , so I 'll drop her off at my parents for the summer -LRB- with whom I 'm still pissed-off for childhood slights , such as , `` no drugs in our house '' -RRB- because , really , they are the only true parents around -RRB- that the admittedly amusing comic scene at the end is utterly soured by the immediately following warm , fuzzy
 `` According to Greta '' , produced by Hilary Duff , has a great ensemble of actors including Ellen Burstyn , Michael Murphy , Evan Ross and Melissa Leo and a miscast Hilary Duff attempting to portray a 17-year old troubled teen . As the producer , she would have made a wise choice in casting another more age appropriate actor to portray Greta . Hard core Duff fans will be treated to seeing her in all of her scenes wearing extreme false eyelashes and looking closer in age to 30 than 17 . The backdrop for the film is Ocean Grove , New Jersey and Greta is sent to spend the summer with her grandparents so that her mother can work on her relationship with her third husband . She is nasty , rude , intelligent yet unsympathetic character.We learn at the outset that she plans to commit suicide before her 18th birthday but has a long list of things she wants to do before she takes her own life . What has made her so unbearable and miserable appears to be the fact that her biological father blew his brains out with a shotgun when Greta was approximately 5-years old and she thinks that only growing up with her father could have made a difference in her life . She keeps a journal filled with drawings , plans , notes , etc. and thrives on saying rude and inappropriate things to everyone with whom she has contact.The film is interesting from a variety of aspects including the performances by Burstyn , Murphy , Leo and Ross , but Duff 's attempting to portray a 17-year old in heavy 24/7 makeup just did n't work for me .
 Based on just Hillary Duff , I would probably just give this movie just one star , but `` Grams '' and Julie keep the movie from being a total waste of time.Too chick flick for me , and while it might be entertaining for tweens , I think that it would be too awful for most people over the age of 16 . I did not find Hillary Duff to be convincing in her role , overall I just felt like I was watching a bad episode of her show on the Disney Channel
 I commend Hilary Duff from breaking her teen princess mold here , but her acting leaves a lot to be desired . The story itself , about a girl wanting to kill herself before turning 18 and then finding reason to live , is nothing new . I did n't like the characters enough to care what happened to them . It 's not entirely bad , but there 's nothing worth wasting 90 minutes of your life over .
 I am not a fan of this genre of film and therefore did not like the movie . I wanted to duct tape Hilary Duff 's character 's mouth shut !
 Hillary Duff has portrayed such quality characters in the past . I 'm surprised she took on such a dark character that displays every disgusting , disrepectful personality flaw of today 's teenagers . Parents ... this is not one for the impressionable teenager . This is typical of the trash Hollywood is dumping on our society these days . Where do kids get the ideas for teenage suicide , pre-marital sex , mood altering drugs , dishonoring their mother , father , employer ... look no further than According to Greta .
 there is nothing entertaining about this sickening , unpleasant , pretentious and garbage film concerning a self-pitying american brat and here spineless grandparents.the lead character -LRB- play by hilary duff -RRB- is sent to spend summer with her wimpy grandparents and upon her arrival is inexcusably disrespectable to every adult she meets . it would seem her grand parents and every other adult she comes in contact with , have to beg her for her attention and are too afraid of her to dicipline her -LRB- how pathetic !!! . -RRB- . this film tries to sell the notion that teen disrespectable behavior is acceptable and that adults must beg them for their attention and approval.hilary duff 's character is so unlikable and unpleasant that one wishes that she would in fact commit suicide so that we can be spared any further aggravation and this dammnd movie will end never to be watched again .
 Since I know little or nothing about Hilary Duff - and this did not seem like my kind of film - I gave it to a Mom and her eight , eleven , and sixteen year olds for review . Here is their recap : From Mom - Not a good film for little kids , due to high sexual content and high school oriented themes.From the Eight And Eleven Year Old - did n't like the main character . She is mean and disrespectful . Both agreed they would nt pay to see the film.From the Sixteen Year Old - It 's hard to watch such a manipulative girl be so disrespectful to everyone she meets . It reminded her of terrible girls at school she avoids at all costs , so why go to a movie about them ? She also said it was boring and she would not recommend.So , it seems like a resounding thumbs down from the target market .
 This is the worst item I 've ever order off of Amazon . Hilary Duff has been successful , but not in this one . The pink should have given it away , but I must have been hallucinating when I ordered this superficial , boring movie .
 Talk about manipulating the American sheeple ! A Story line about as deep as a porno film . I was expecting some serious acting by good actors ; instead , the whole movie centered around the Globalist agenda of race mixing -LRB- which is part of their crazy idea of a world government ; the other part being the creation of a global financial crises which seems to be working . -RRB- See this for what it is `` MANIPULATION '' ! If you were dumb enough to fall for Club Obama -LRB- sending 20,000 more troops into Afghanistan or sucking up to Wall street -RRB- or McCain , then you would probably like this film , I tossed it .
 The good
 First up , tossing Bam Margera on the cover is so weak considering he 's literally in the movie for 4 seconds as a ` bar hobo ' . Anything with Dunn is quite funny , but anything with him and anyone else or just anyone else without Dunn is awful and painfully sub-regular . Just bad all around . Imagine any low budget romantic comedy , then replace anything they said with the the most obviously lazy thing ever.Just an annoyingly bad movie .
 I watched the 1st 5 minutes of this movie and that was enough ! If you have an IQ of 1 you might like it , otherwise , it 's crap . It is poorly filmed -LRB- like many new movies -RRB- and I really could n't stand watching anybody as retarded as these guys are for more than 5 minutes . It is n't funny , it 's just plain stupid . I could n't see wasting any more time than I already have to continue watching it . I could n't even bring myself to waste anyone elses time by giving it to them so I threw it in the garbage where it belongs . I thing someone should take everyone involved in the making of this film out back and shoot them in the head so they ca n't waste anyone 's time ever again .
 LAME !!!! By far on the top 5 of the worst movies I have ever seen . This shit is up there with Broke back mountain . People who make this crap need to be slapped !
 I am going to do you a favor by keeping you from wasting your time and money on this movie . Even if you are bored out of your mind , stay bored and do n`t watch this movie .
 Maybe I was spoiled by having seen the TV show first , but this movie -LRB- which inspired the TV show -RRB- was remarkably slow and dry . And the two main actors were weak . Wished I did n't waste the evening on this.The TV show , on the other hand , was delightful . I was really disappointed it got cancelled before the end of its first season . I recommend finding the TV episodes and watching those .
 Had the possibility of a great movie - sorry the story contained too much unfaithfulness - would not watch it again
 The movie was fun at first , a light hearted glimpse of India with some commentary about America as well . By about half way through the movie , it turned cheesy , then just kept getting cheesier . Lines and interactions between the characters became predictable . The dialog was the same quality as mediocre television programming . At the very least , it could have remained wholesome , but it lost that too .
 5 Stars ? Really ? So this is up there with ` The Godfather ' and ` Citizen Kane ' ? Look , I get that this is supposed to be a lighthearted romantic comedy but it was utterly predictable and dull , with a cliched `` fish out of water '' plot right out of Scriptwriting 101 . Sample scene
 Not what I expected . The movie is about the life of people in a warm climit . Nothing to do with Jimmy Buffett . Not sure where he comes into play .
 Either I overlooked it , or it was n't there ... but what I recieved was a `` unrated '' version that had sexually suggestive material regarding husbands & wives that was not there when this came on cable . Not what I would suggest for personal viewing or to have Christian friends over . Saddened by that . I usually enjoy Sinbad 's clean comedy . Maybe because this came out through comedy central that Sinbad felt he needed to push the envelope to re-enter the spotlight . For those with the same concerns , take note .
 I was disappointed in this particular performance by Sinbad that I had hoped to share with my high school students . Based on Sinbad 's various interviews in the past I believed his material stayed above the crass and the lewd . I purchased this well reviewed performance and was surprised at the amount of adult sexually based humor that made up this performance . I knew I was in trouble when the Advisory appeared at the beginning of the DVD . So , teachers , if you 're looking for a wholesome stand up contemporary comic DVD , this will not be it . All others
 I purchased this DVD because we always thought Sinbad was funny and very entertaining.I was very disappointed -LRB- after 15 minutes of listening to him berate conservatives , and his political leanings I had to turn it off.If I wanted to hear a political speach I would have turned on CNN or Fox . I just wanted to laugh , but unfortunately I was n't able to.Don ' t waste your $ on this , get one of his earlier ones `` Son of a preacher man '' or `` Afros & Bellbottoms '' if you want to laugh .
 This one was another big disappointment from Sinbad ! Again I ca n't believe he actually put this out ! He has some good ones , but I ca n't figure out how some of them are so bad .
 This was supposed to be part 2 of the original Universal Soldier with Jean Claude returning as the hero . Note that there was already a low budget knock off of # 2 and # 3 previously released without Jean Claude . Unfortunately , this low-budget sequel had none of the ambiance or realism that the original movie contained . In fact , if not for the title , you would not have known that this was the second part . Nothing from this movie linked the first movie -LRB- except for an occasional flash back -RRB- . The weapons and outfits were poor . The premise was weak and and the special effects were either poor -LRB- as in bullets bouncing off car windows -RRB- or non existent . The only thing that carried over from the last movie -LRB- and all his other movies -RRB- was Jean Claude getting beatup through-out the movie in spite of the fact that he was supposed to be a `` Universal Soldier '' hinself . We were are pretty dissappointed with this one . It was a comedic ripoff of a good film .
 I have to admit . I just wanted to see Goldberg ! After his brilliant -LRB- ? -RRB- performance with Kevin Nash on the Love Boat , it seemed like it would be quite a stretch to see him perform as an out-of-control killing machine . This movie is just awful , Van-Damme is terrible - and the plot is ridiculous . The computer terminal takes over and materializes into a soldier ? That sure makes sense . Watch Nitro instead - at least Goldberg wins there and that 's more believable !!
 `` Universal Soldier '' was a half decent action film and one of Van Damme 's first half decent pictures . This sequel was a good idea for Van Damme , as he is starting to head back into straight to video territory . The sequel is pretty much a rehash of the original , except it 's not as interesting and it is too damn short , just as it starts to get going it ends . Luc Devearaux -LRB- Van Damme -RRB- use to be a UniSol -LRB- as they nickname them -RRB- and now he is forced to take on the new breed , who get out of control . There 's Seth -LRB- Michael Jai White -RRB- and Romeo -LRB- Bill Goldberg -RRB- posing the biggest threat . some action scenes in this are quite good , especially the opening one where there is a cool speedboat chase . But I ask myself , why would n't original co-stars Dolph Lundgren , Ally Walker , Ed O'Ross or Jerry Orbach want to do the sequel ? it must have been a dodgy script . Action fans may find something of interest here . may I say .
 This movie is not just bad it 's real bad . Van Damm is washed out and you see it here . With Goldberg as a co-star you know this will not be exactly the greatest action flick and it is n't . Michael Jai White was in Spawn and if you saw that film and have seen how bad that way then expect much of the same here . Nothing great in this film , just a bunch of b/s running for an hour and a half . If your so eager to see it then rent it .
 This was the last theatrically released Jean Claude Van Damme movie . Do n't say JCVD while I liked JCVD it was only released in select cities . Universal Soldier The Return was a huge flop in the fall of 1999 It stars JCVD as Luc Deverux extremely popular at the time pro wrestler Bill Goldberg as Romeo Hedi Schany as Erin Karis Bryant Paige as Hillary Deverux Micheal Jai White as Seth & Kiana Tom as Maggie . Story basically years after Universal Soldier 1 Deverux helps train the UNI SOL 's the Defense Department wants to cut the program the UNI SOL super computer SETH becomes `` self aware '' taking control of the UNI SOL 's & they start killing people so Deverux has the code to shut it down . The UNI SOL 's have orders to capture Deverux . His daughter Hillary gets hurt she 's put in the hospital then some insane computer nerd helps SETH & implants a chip into Micheal Jai White . Eventually Seth & Deverux meet up SETH kidnapps Hillary SETH & Deverux fight basically Deverux freezes him like T2 .
 One of the worst sci-fi movies ever . Pitiful scenario , a shoot 'em with no joy stick !
 I am a Van Damme fan and still hold out for the day when he makes a return to the big screen . I bought this recently and now wish I had n't . Unfortunatly with this entry it seems Van Damme has decided to self-destruct what remains of his career . I hope he made this during his drug addiction years , if not , then I think he has received one to many kicks to the head and should consult a doctor . Very predictable throughout which by no means is a bad thing if only the film was enjoyable and did n't treat its audience as if they were 10 year olds . Logic seems to have been thrown out the window along with the two page script . Rent this before parting with your hard earned cash if only to see the fight scene in the lapdancing club ! Van Damme has shown some glimmer of hope with Desert Heat and Replicant but I think the good old days of Kickboxer , Timecop , Universal Soldier and Sudden Death are long over .
 This film is just bad . It feels cheap . It lacks impact and plot . The only character I liked was Romeo . Overall it just falls short of the mark in almost every catagory . Some of the fights are ok and that is the movies only redeeming quality . Give it a miss .
 I enjoyed the original Universal Soldier , but like most sequels , this one has much to be desired . I 'm a big wrestling fan , so it was fun to watch Goldberg attempt to act out of the ring . He 's about as talented actor as Van Damme himself -LRB- heh -RRB- . The movie has a lot of action , so it gets some high points there , but the story line really is n't that good . It 's an entertaining movie , but the original is far superior .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . It was very dissapointing , for me being a big fan of Van Damm 's and Goldberg 's . Some great action , but unneeded nudity and thoughtless storylines make this a movie that does not need to be see . Get the first one .
 The official sequel to Universal Soldier -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Universal Soldier
 I have seen some Bad Action movies in my time , but nothing could have prepared me for `` Universal Soldier - The Return '' . It makes your average Straight-to-Video Action film look like `` Die Hard '' . Once Again , Van Damme Surrounds himself with Poor Actors so he looks All the Better . Only Michael Jai White Stands a Cut above the Rest as the Super villain . Goldberg 's is one of the most Moronic , Annoying Performances I 've Ever Seen in my Entire Life . Every time he Opens his Mouth , a Plethora of Crap Dialogue and Horrendous Acting follows . Some may blame the Dialogue , but many films in this genre have Bad Dialogue , it ` s the Actors Job to make it sound good , Sadly , Goldberg is No Actor . `` Universal Soldier 2 - The Return '' has , on the surface , Everything a By-the-Book Action Flick Needs , the Obligatory scene at a Strip Joint , -LRB- here they have to go there to use their Computer ... Try to Stomach That -RRB- The Love Interest -LRB- an Exact Copy of the Love Interest in the Original , but Far more Aggravating -RRB- and Plenty of Action ... -LRB- one such scene includes a Wrestling match with Goldberg against 2 Hospital Orderlies that are Bigger and more Muscular than Van Damme and Goldberg Combined -RRB- It 's a Shame that the Action is Poorly Shot , Poorly Edited , Poorly Conceived , Poorly Timed , Poorly Choreographed , and Poorly Performed.If you 've Seen the Film , you know what I 'm Talking about , If you Have n't seen it ; you have n't the Faintest Idea what I 'm Talking About . There is No Reason I can Think of to Recommend this film to Anyone , except maybe people who like to Torture themselves . But Average Joe 's like Me , if you are Listening ... Run , Run Away from this Movie , Do n't Even Look at the Cover ... If it 's One your TV , Smash your TV , if a Friend Hires it , Get New Friends , If Van Damme Himself Pleads with you to Watch it , Chastise him for me and Every Other fan of the Truly Classic Original `` Universal Soldier '' , a film that will Never be the same Again .
 There are bad movies , and then there are BAD movies . `` Universal Soldier
 It did n't follow the story line that the first two universal soldier movies had created . Even with that aside the story within the movie jumped around and at times was confusing.Now if you just want to see action - gunfire , explosions , hand-to-hand , this is your movie .
 I know , Goldy got another movie later , but here we see why he IS N'T THE next ` Rock ' . Supoorting cast is pretty badand belgian kickboxing Champ Van Damjust is n't Schwarzenegger -LRB- that saysa lot ! -RRB- and movie night filming does n'thelp ! Props and fake US army set uplooks like something out of a Returnof the Living Dead set ! Not really any-thing to right home about unless you ` reinto Bill Goldberg , `` Next stop , intensivecare ... '' , just like Van Dam and B.G. ` scareers after this movie . Can you beleiveVan Dam did -LRB- another -RRB- sequel ?!
 This Dvd Packaging on the back says Side A is a widescreen 1.85.1 aspect ratio and side B is full frame fitted format . But there is no side a or no widescreen the disc is only full frame . And this is not the first time columbia tri star has done this . False Advertisement is illeagle and can lead to lawsuites . Buyers BEWARE
 He is one of the best star . :
 This should have a minus rating , easily Jean Claude Van Dammes worst movie , -LRB- took a lot to take Street fighter off the number one spot ! , Im amazed ! -RRB- Believe it or not I dont happen to hate Jean-Claude , on the contrary I enjoyed his earlier work though not great , is very watchable . Unfortunately Universal Soldier 2 falls short , lack luster performances , and too many obnoxious scenes that make this movie too ridiculous to watch!I hope you will find yourselves something far more entertaining , like cutting your toenails its better than this , believe me ! So try some of Jean-Claudes earlier work like No retreat no surrender or Bloodsport certainly better and more interesting that what is on offer !
 This film marked the end of Van Damme 's theatrical release career and started him on the road to being forgotten , finding parts in only direct-to-video flicks . It 's a shame , really . Van Damme was actually getting good , but this flick does n't show it . Full of cliches and silly action , not helped by an appearence from wrestler Bill Goldberg , this film is too short to pick up any real momentum , and too stupid to give the viewers anything more than a childish plot . I give it a two simply because it was watchable . I 'm being very nice .
 Well , I 've given every other one of Van Damme 's movies a try , so I thought , with a little bit more apprehension than usual , how about this one.Well , I wish I had trusted my instincts and not gone near it with a bargepole , for this film simply took the biscuit.Universal Soldier : The Return is a mind bogglingly awful disaster , full of atrocious acting , utter predictability , cardboard characters , dated action , laughable special effects and boring martial arts.It 's blissfully short , but sadly , it 's so dire , it feels like it 's going on forever , thanks mainly to stuntman turned director Mic Rodgers 's unprofessional direction.And it 's kind of freakyish how Jean Claude Van Damme was programmed mechanically in the first film , but now just seems to have returned back from the dead Frankenstein style here.For every reason imaginable , one to steer well clear from .
 The first movie was a neat action flick with a simple plot . This is garbage . NO ... the fight with Mario Van Peebles was good the fight between Van Damme and Bill Goldberg -LRB- playing re-animated corpes based cyborg Romeo -RRB- that fight was okay , but using terrible camera shots to make it look like Goldberg could throw a high sidekick , which no one really expects him to do . That 's bad . or kicking a super-soldier into a dryer and turning it on rendering him powerless . That also is bad.Or the fact that common hospitol security looks like navy seals built like Goldberg and are allowed to work without sleeves and show off their tattoos , or here 's a good one ... Van Damme 's charicter -LRB- he is alive in this one -RRB- is held in the air by his neck from a reannimated soldier , in a dying effort he grabs hospitol shock pads , and while the soldier is still holding onto his neck he with 3,000 volts , SHOCKS THE SOLDIER !! Van Damme 's charicter is fine . The soldier who is supposed to have unlimited pain tolerance is stunned and lets go only to stand still and wait for blows . It 's subtle things like these that concern me about this movie.It is not charming , or cool . All the fights except the final two are jokes . The robotic charicter of the blank soldiers is lost as these cyborgs make wise cracks , check out the ladies and hold grudges . Not the traumatic life into death type of grudges but the `` he beat me in the simulater game room and I want him to know that Im better '' type grudges . This also concerns me.If I could grade only mario van peebles 's performance -LRB- one fight -RRB- I 'd say five stars . but with all of these additional concerns I cant lawfully give it more than two .
 The film does not have great action at all from the protagonist who plays Luc Devereaux -LSB- Van Damme-Jean Claude Van Varenberg -RSB- The whole film focuses alot on all the other evil soldiers . There are too many of them . I feel that the film should of had 5 soldiers against Van Damme . There would have been more fighting scenes . Their are some cheezy nude scenes that really dont belong there at all -LSB- Women at a strip club-nude dancing . -RSB- WCW wrestler Goldberg also acts in this motion picture . He does an okay job . His role was limited . He played Romeo . He did not even fight Van Damme in the film . The whole picture is a flop , Really it is . The best thing about this film is the poster you see here . I am not being a liar here . You want too see great Van Damme film-go watch Cyborg , Maximum Risk , & Double Impact -LSB- Double Impact has a very pretty blonde ! Great body ! Hot babe ! -RSB- Van Damme should make a Universal soldier part 3 and he should model it after his popular film `` CYBORG . '' Tons of fighting scenes , and in the end wins the battle and conquers the Beautiful girl . You never know Van Damme might get Charlize Theron for his next motion picture ...
 Holrrible . Van Damme lost its way forever . It 's luck for him and the producers that there atill are Van Damme 's die-hard fans all around the world , so he can keep releasing this low-budget trashes and still makes money !
 This is one of those few , select movies which I actually feel stupider for having wasted my time watching . I ca n't imagine what the producers were thinking putting money into the project . It was plotless , brainless , full of bad action , bad jokes , stupid no-brainer one-liners from one of the least menacing bad guys I 've ever seen . It 's so pitiful that they have a huge fight scene in which the enemies are the bouncers at a strip club . Definitely do not waste your time or money on this movie . Where the first was a decent , neat , somewhat thoughtfully made movie , this is just a blemish to be ignored or erased .
 Usually , the fall of an action hero has nothing to do with the quality of his work ... but in the case of Jean-Claude Van Damme , you can argue it both ways
 I am a big Van Damme Fan . Simply put , this movie stinks.Bad acting and ending.Buy Desert Heat for real Van Damme action .
 This film is a mess . The title and story is nothing but a cash-in on the first movie . That being said , I 'm happy Dolph did n't star in this film , there is no disguising the fact this movie really stinks ! Rent the original Universal Soldier for a good action flick .
 I brought this DVD thinking it would be pretty cool ! However , the movie will now join others in my DVD collection as one that I probably wont watch again EVER ! This film just does not deliver , it has ` A-team ' violence -LRB- loads of bullits flying and explosions but knowbody actualy getting hurt ! -RRB- , stupid characters -LRB- most of them seem to have come from WWF or something -RRB- and I have to say Van Damme plays a block of wood , I also got the impression that I was watching Sunset beach or something with every simple aspect of the film being explained out for me , like the audience were retards . Its a ` watchable ' film if you aint doing anything interesting but I wish I had not spent the money on buying it . Save your dosh and buy something cool .
 Seven years after the original `` Universal Soldier '' was a worldwide box office success , and two made for TV sequels bored audiences at home , Tristar Pictures released `` Universal Soldier
 Man , this movie is just as bad as the universal soldiers that were made for hbo except for it had Michael Jai White , Van Damme , and Goldberg . . I like Goldberg but man , he had the most idiotic lines in this movie . . White makes a good bad guy and having Van Damme back was the reason I wanted to see it but whoever wrote this needs to be shot ! Even the extra 's were horrible . . at least in the first one they had some pretty big believable unisols but they got like , 50 something year old guys that are balding playing these cool unisols . . plus van damme was n't super buff like he was in the other one ;-RRB- White got chumped in the final fight scene , no where as cool as Van Damme and Lundgren . It just totally dropped WAY short of Universal Soldier . . I was upset I payed to see it in the theatre . . same with my buddy . . Stay Clear of this even if you are a big Universal Soldier fan !
 Talk about how poor double team was '' DAMME '' this was a bad movie.Everything was bad the acting the story everything some of the fighting scenes were ok but thats about it.Van Damme at his worst do n't buy this movie or rent it.The movie got so boring i felt like turning it off and stomping on it -LRB- but i rented it i couldnt do that -RRB- so i decided to watch more of it and when i woke up from falling alseep on my chair i saw the very end of the movie where van damme was fighting seth that was the best fighting scene in the movie then i turned the movie off and went to sleep the next day i found out that i did n't miss anything while i was sleep but some more bad acting and bad love scenes goldberg was pathetic in that movie it wasn ; t even funny and his jokes did n't make me laugh.I took that stupid movie back i almost felt like breaking it while i took it in blockbuster i was so mad i wanted my 2 bucks back really really really REALLY bad i did n't think it was a movie then i thought it was a person who decided to torture us with bad acting.Don ' t ever see this movie its a waste of your time if you do youll be like '' dang he told me not to watch it '' do n't beileve any of '' the movie was ok '' that movie ... . bad i do n't feel good when i think about it this movie was that bad.Theres only one way to buy this movie if you have an enemy who you dont want to hurt physically you could always tell them to watch the movie -LRB- thats if you really want to waste your 2 bucks on trash -RRB- i dont even feel like typing this and i dont feel good now it brings back the memories of how bad this film was i just wish a scientest would just erase this film out of my memory it was so bad i dont even want it to be in my brain for the rest of my life Literally
 I bought this garbage thinking it would be a decent film to watch , i was very wrong . the things the characters say and do are so lame , predictable , stupid , example : when the computer called SETH goes haywire they try to cut the power by flipping the GIANT on/off switch , I laughed so hard i was crying.you would think the director would have some cool stunts up his sleeve since he worked on lethal weapon 4 recently , but , no such luck here .
 If you are a real Universal Soilder fan do n't be tempted with this dissapointing sequel . Bad acting , bad special effects , bad humor and just about bad every thing . Not good , but a good Van Dan movie . Just not the Universal Soilder movie . Not as nearly good as the first .
 No this video did not meet my expectations , very deceiving . The picture shown is for the recently released dvd movie . Very confusing when ordering this . Not happy at all
 It was ordered on or about 8/13/09 . It has not yet been received -LRB- 9/29/09 -RRB- I no longer want this item.If somehow it is received after today 's date , I will refuse delivery , and will not pay for it .
 Singing is what Sinatra did best . The highlights of these movies are the songs . There are NO CHAPTER STOPS . You ca n`t get to the damn songs . Are you people insane ??????????? It ` s bad enough that there are NO EXTRAS . Not even a trailer or a cut song , but you have to wade through a whole silly movie just to find the music . I might as well just play the records .
 This is a movie whose time has past . Unlike its contemporary `` This Time for Keeps '' -LRB- also starring Jimmy Durante -RRB- this one is stale . It 's a relic from the post-WW II years with a script as pedestrian as they get . If you want to see the best this movie has to offer , see `` That 's Entertainment . '' The clip there of Durante and Sinatra is all this tired black and white musical has to offer .
 Common error , and it is true that J.P. McGowan -LRB- 1880-1952 -RRB- was Jack to his friends . As J.P. , he had over 500 film credits in a forty-year career , only one as `` Jack '' . Primarily , he was not a writer , and this film was not in his vigorous , actionful genre at all . Nor did he ever work for M-G-M . From 1940 he is known only as the forceful secretary of the Screen Directors Guild.On the other hand , the writer usually credited as Jack McGowan did write light material , did work for M-G-M -- and was credited for this froth .
 This was a poor movie . It was primarily MGM 's attempt to &#34; package &#34; a movie . The majority of the songs were dull except for the one that Jimmy Durante and Frank do in the music store -LRB- It 's got ta come from the heart -- or something like that -RRB- . After awhile it turned out to be a bore . And then they had Peter Lawford sing ... gim me a break !
 Interesting to have for Hitchcock fans , you get to see the master in his earlier days in a movie that still has some professional production values.One big problem , the quality of the dvd is so bad here , for much of the beginning of the dvd , one can barely hear what is being said , I mean it is BAD ! Almost unwatchable , I do not recommend this dvd .
 Poor quality print.poor sound.This DVD has not been `` mastered from the best available sources '' as stated.Don ' t be fooled.It is cheap for a reason and Tony Curtis sounds as if he did all his intro 's in one quick morning .
 MURDER is quite a sleepy little Hitchcock film , with a startling and still shocking ending . Herbert Marshall - usually a fine actor - is embarrassingly over the top here . The audio is almost unintelligible and the print is absolutely horrendous - the worst I 've seen in over two hundred DVD titles . Moreover , the DVD is wrongly encoded so chapters always read # 1 ; you ca n't choose a chapter number to jump to . The most revealing of what a rushed and pathetic job was done releasing this title is that MURDER is misspelled MUREDER on the spine of the keep case . That should have been a dead - you 'll forgive the expression - giveaway . Another big disappointment from the ALFRED HITCHCOCK COLLECTION .
 This strange movie where an innocent woman is accused of murder is so bad I even doubt that the Master of Suspense made it . The story has no actual plot , and it has little excitement in the chase for the real murderer.So , since this movie is so bad , that 's all I have to say .
 No this video did not meet my expectations , very deceiving . The picture shown is for the recently released dvd movie . Very confusing when ordering this . Not happy at all
 Keep away from that girl at all costs . Scenery is magnificent . Plot is crazy and so is the main character Dina . Mads is brilliant in his short allowance of scenes .
 Movie Mars advertised the movie as closed captioned so , since I am hearing impaired , I took their word forit and ordered it . It was NOt closed captioned so I feel I wasted the money . I was unable to understand thedialogue but was able to tell the movie wasnt the masterpiece I had heard it was . Not bad though by any means.I probably would give it a higher rating if it had been closed captions as Movie Mars led me to believe it was .
 This is one of those titles I had seen in the movies originally on a theater screen , and then on television but has n't been on in years ... So I was overjoyed when it was released just recently by OLIVE FILMS on bluray for the first time in any video format . I must say aside from minor pleasures , the film is pretty silly and has n't been given a proper restoration of any kind . There is some minor gatefloat in portions , some scratches and a bit more grain than should be too ... Unless -LRB- as is the case with me for personal reasons -RRB- this film is one of your wants , I would n't waste your money . See when I was a kid myself and my long deceased younger brother Michael used to go and see double and triple features twice a week during summer ... And THAT is purely why I wanted the flick .
 A good cast wasted on a dumb movie . The plot was too contrived . I was a little offened with the angel 's womanizing behavior .
 `` This could never have been more than a short story if published as a writing . It 's a fairly shallow premise desperately in search of a hook . I can just imagine the producers/writers sitting around figuring how to make this interesting :
 This is a delightful movie that merits a 7/10 . But the shoddy treatment by the studio merits no stars.Movies should be released in the aspect ratio in which they were shown in the cinema.When 's the last time YOU saw a movie in a theatre -LRB- or theater -RRB- that was 1:1.33 ?
 I ca n't believe this is not widescreen . Please make that more apparent when you 're ordering something from Amazon . That 's so annoying . Why are you even still selling full screen without some type of very obvious moniker ? I 'm extremely disappointed .
 Obvious situations , forced humor , typical Hollywood caricaturization of the Midwest -- otherwise I hated it.Travolta was revolta . John Candy would have been a better angel -- Uncle Buck run amok .
 What is the purpose of releasing a RECENT movie on DVD and not making it available in the WIDESCREEN format ?!?!?! I give the movie itself 41/2 stars , but the DVD version 1 star for lacking the WIDESCREEN format !
 This DVD only operates in region 1 -LRB- USA -RRB- , so beware if you are buying for any other region - we are unable to view it and are very annoyed that it is not shown as REGION 1 on the sales sites of AMAZON . Absolute waste of money . especially as we bought 2 other DVD 's at the same time also region 1 only .
 Did n't get into this movie . Was mundane and boring ... stupid story line . Also , being a Christian , it was really blasphamous to portray an angel as the sexual and pretty disgusting one in the movie .
 Sadly , the dvd did n't work . The seller was very responsive and took care of the issue right away . Will do business with him again .
 John Travolta is an angel sent to Earth to give William Hurt a heart , to make him fall in love with Andie McDowell . Why should that be so hard ? The happy ending would dictate that Hurt falls in love with her , and if the script tells him to I 'm sure he will . Hooray . Many of the scenes in this movie are pointless and rambling . The plot is so weak that it was n't revealed til the end . What the movie was really about , as far as I could tell , was an angel bringing a dog back to life and attracting girls .
 and when I tried to peel the protection seal off , the printing of the cover started to came off with it.Very bad quality .
 I saw this movie when it reached the local $ 1 theater , and by god I still wanted my money back . Do whatever you can to avoid viewing this film . Travolta should have quit with Pulp Fiction . He must have trouble saying `` no '' to a script , because he said yes to this movie , not to mention Broken Arrow and Battlefield Earth . I also feel sorry for Andie McDowell , who was awesome in Groundhog Day , yet must now reduce her standards to films such as Michael in order to keep working . Please do n't purchase this movie , I 'm begging you . You 'll only end up watching it more to justify the money you spent buying it .
 I was on the edge of my seat watching this movie ... then I fell over asleep ! Let me tell you something , there is absolutely , positively , definitely , NO POINT to this dumb movie . If it was n't for the Don Henley song , this would be totally useless ! How I long for the Vinnie Barbarino days after seeing Travolta embarrass himself in MICHAEL . How about a sequel , MICHAEL II
 This is without a doubt the worst film I 've EVER seen . It 's nothing sort of blasphemous . To have a fat and uncouth John Travolta portray the loyal Archangel Michael -LRB- whose name , by the way , means `` who is as God '' -RRB- is just stupid . In the movie he drinks , smokes , leers at women and even sleeps with one . Very unangelic ! Even if he does justify his actions by saying , `` I 'm an angel , not a saint , '' it still dose n't make any sense . He is an angel , not a human and therefore above such behaviour . But I guess that a film about an `` angel '' falling short of perfect must somehow make people feel better about themselves . For the rest of us it 's just offensive . An incredibly awful movie !
 Once I ate bad meats that sat sour in my belly for a long time . It took many hours for the pain of the badness to get out of my body . I was sweaty and coughing with the taste of the meats in my mouth ! I felt like I was to die until the meats left me -LRB- not easy - it took many days and lots of sweaty workings ! -RRB- . I think of this because this movie is same way . Not tricky , just sour and hard for leavings - do n't watch without belly help !!!!
 Michael is a great movie but they ruined this dvd by releasing it in Full Screen only . I disapprove of releasing widescreen filmed movies in non widescreen
 Genre crossovers are nothing new , but with the massive literary success of the novel PRIDE AND PREJUDICE AND ZOMBIES , they 're everywhere now and are an entire sub-genre in and of themselves . I like the idea of a crossover . I always enjoyed it as a kid when two or three tv shows would meet up for an episode or a two and would sometimes think of tv shows that would have been neat to see together-how cool would it have been if Magnum P.I. would have visited the mainland and got involved with the A-Team ? Therefore , I picked up BONNIE & CLYDE VS. DRACULA just for the title alone . I kept thinking , it would be great to see a couple of gangsters take on the vampire king.In the movie , Bonnie & Clyde are on the lamb after a bank robbery gone wrong . They are in need of a new car , a hideout , and a way to make some quick cash to get on their feet again . Clyde leads them to an `` inn '' of disreputable repute in the middle of nowhere where a friend of his is supposed to meet them with details of a bank robbery gig . Things do n't go according to plan and instead of robbing a bank the duo take part in the theft of a moonshine truck . Unfortunately , that operation goes haywire , too and Bonnie and Clyde eventually find themselves at the house of a mysterious doctor who has brought Dracula back to life . The body count of people and vampires start to pile up as the duo fight to get out of the house and back on the road.BONNIE & CLYDE VS. DRACULA starts off in an interesting and entertaining fashion . The movie also has some humorous bits scattered throughout . Unfortunately , the movie is n't a straight comedy and the strong beginning and funny parts are n't enough to keep the momentum of the movie going . They are supposed to join a friend of theirs , Henry , on a bank robbery . While waiting for the duo to show up , Henry has been working with a partner . When his partner shows up , Clyde shoots him dead with no explanation.There 's also the entire subplot of the movie . The mysterious Dr. Loveless apparently is a well-known surgeon who suffers from some sort of major physical deformity that he has been unable to cure -LRB- his face is covered by a sackcloth bag for most of the movie -RRB- . In an attempt to cure himself , he 's brought the remains of Dracula to his estate and has resurrected the vampire . Old Drac is weak and wants to feed and the Doctor is more than willing to assist as long as Drac will allow him to do some blood transfusions . In the middle of this is the Doc 's assistant , his mentally-challenged sister , Annabel . He keeps Annabel under control with an electric collar around her neck that shocks her and will cause her death if she steps outside the mansions doors . Dracula is afraid of her because she is a `` complete innocent '' and he ca n't touch innocents.The movie is entitled BONNIE & CLYDE VS. DRACULA , but the confrontation between these three individuals takes about 90 minutes -LRB- of about a 100 minute movie -RRB- to get to and it 's not much of a battle . Old Drac is a footnote in Bonnie & Clyde 's movie . Throw out what you thought you know about vampires because apparently they can be killed with bullets just like anyone else . It 's kind of a shame because it would have been much more interesting to see Bonnie & Clyde making a standoff using wooden stakes and fire .
 Do n't waste your time , or your money , on this film unless you are a total Bonnie & Clyde completest , Dracula completest , so and so vs. so and so completest , etc. . Yes , the young woman the plays Bonnie is a total hottie ; perhaps the film 's only redeeming factor , but not worth the price . It 's just plain stupid . Personally , I 'd like to get a refund , but the seller was not at fault . I 'm going to sell it here - `` Like New-viewed once and once only ! ''
 Mmmkay , so the Serial Squadron took a rotten serial , truncated it , added color effects , and further monkeyed with it to make it `` better '' . Uh-huh . So here 's my advice , serial fans
 I love the old Republic serials , saw many of them on Saturday morning as a youth in the pre TV era . & have a decent VHS collection . So my cutiosity was aroused when I saw that Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island had never been reviewed and was usually available at a bargain price . I bought a copy and here ' c my opinion.In Summary , this is easily the worst chapterplay I have ever watched . A more detailed report follows : RC of CI has a fairly standard plot . First of all , it has nothing to do with the classic novel `` Robinson Crusoe '' . An espionage ring is causing trouble for a large Corporation who calls in an intrepid government agent -LRB- Ray Mala -RRB- to investigate . The head of the ring is not unmasked until the last segment , but it 's made clear early on that the head `` bad guy '' is one of the key executives of the Corporation . Mala is assisted by the princess of a native island culture . Her people are being framed for the troubles by the nefarious spies . The chapterplay is 14 chapters and takes place in San Francisco and the South Pacific.The lead actor is Ray Mala , who gives new meaning to the word inept . I suspect that English was his second language and he does not have the physical skills to pull of the action scenes . The second lead , Rex -LRB- a horse -RRB- and the third lead , Buck -LRB- a dog -RRB- were clearly superior actors as compared to Mr. Mala - although the Dog probably did n't do it 's best work being a St. Bernard stuck with a gig in the South Pacific . The remainder of the cast were the usual stable of Republic character actors who turned in an honest few weeks work.The production values were about what you would expect for a low budget 1936 chapterplay . I gave read that this was the only the 4th chapterplay made by Republic . Obviously , they got a lot better . Unfortunately , the cliffhangers were quite bad . The cliffhanger at the end of chapter 7 is very possibly the worst cliffhanger I have ever seen . Also , Cliffhanger cheating was rampant.Finally , there were two instances where about 2-3 minutes of fight action was cut into a new chapter . This was not a review chapter , just frugality.In closing , It 's always been accepted by chapterplay fans that one chapterplay had to be the best - so it makes sense that one has to be the worst as well . THIS IS IT .
 This serial has nothing whatever to do with the Robinson Crusoe story -- the only similarity is that it takes place on an island . The lead role is played by easily the worst actor ever to appear in a serial , probably the worst ever in any motion picture . The second and third leads listed in the credits are animals . It was such an early Republic serial that it has most of the inferior qualities of Mascot Studios . And yet , there 's something about it that makes it worth watching.Watching Mala try to speak his lines is fascinating , like watching a train wreck . Not only can he not act , he does n't speak clearly . It must have been embarrassing to the rest of the cast . He makes Sammy Baugh -LRB- `` King of the Texas Rangers '' -RRB- look like Laurence Olivier . You have to know the background to understand why Mala was ever cast in the lead . A native Inuit , in 1933 he had been cast in an all-native American film called `` Eskimo , '' produced by the legendary Irving Thalberg and billed by MGM as `` the biggest picture ever made , '' and it was a huge success . He later worked in quite a few other pictures as both actor and cameraman , and became one of Hollywood 's elite -- he numbered Johnny Weissmuller , Bob Hope , and Stan Laurel among his close friends . He also appeared in less important roles in other serials , `` Hawk of the Wilderness '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , `` Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickock '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and `` Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . He appeared in some 25 films over a period of almost 30 years , often as a Polynesian or Hawaiian . He passed away on the set of his last film in 1952 at the age of only 46 . His son Ted Mala became the first Alaska native doctor.One or two of the cliffhangers are quite clever ; then again , many are laughably bad . In one , Mala is diving with an air helmet when his air hose is cut , he calls `` I need air ! '' and then just walks along the bottom until he reaches the beach . In another , he 's clinging to the edge of an airplane wing which crashes into the water , killing all aboard -- he survives , without explanation . In yet another , a plane is seen to crash into the sea , but in the resolution it actually lands safely.In spite of the lead 's terrible acting -- or perhaps partly because of it -- the serial is worth watching . Mala does have some charisma and you do want to root for him . Mamo Clark makes a fetching heroine in her sarong . The horse and the dog , holdovers from the Mascot era , are used effectively and are fun to watch .
 So the story is cool , some of the imagery is cool , but Josh Hartnett as a detective ? No . Also , the pace was slow , and really did not give us much of an ending either.Now , I am a big advocate of a movie with subtlety , which most people find slow and boring , but this is slow and boring , and without subtlety . Just a reason to put Mia Kirshner in some sexy scenes before she is killed.Now , this was based on a true event from many years ago , and with true stories , Hollywood normally jazzes them up a bit . Now here , the story was changed and they added some stuff , but you know , it really did not add much to the movie . In the end , the movie is not about the murder or trying to catch a killer , it is about trying to gets more girls to woo over this Josh Hartnett person that ca n't act to save his life .
 If you 're looking forward to a really exciting encounter , well back off . In fact , do n't even waste the time going to see this movie . As my friend and I walked out , I heard two young ladies behind me laughing , one saying `` okay , so , I 'm totally confused . '' She was correct.There is absolutely no way anyone could follow every subtle nuance in this film unless they watched it numerous times , and I do mean numerous . Seeing it just once was enough to sway me from that even remotely occurring.The first hour of the movie , basically does n't even deal with the Dahlia murder . In fact , it gets ignored until the very end of the movie . I think most theater-goers were expecting a more or less `` Court TV '' type of movie , and most knew it was theoretical , but the manner in which it all unfolds and does so in such a boring , tedious and antsy manner , leaves you with a feeling of `` is it over yet ? '' I 'm extremely patient in waiting for things to all come together . But even when it did , it was n't worth the time . This film gets zero stars . The absolute worst of the year.The worst scene ? When the ever so obvious fall-in-lust characters start making out , and Bucky rips the table cloth off the kitchen table , complete setting and all falling to the floor . It was so pathetic and predictable , that EVERYONE in the theater laughed . Now , that 's sad .
 I should have come to Amazon to read the reviews before I rented this movie . This has to be one of the most horrible movies I have seen in my entire life.First we begin with the Zoot suit riots . Why I 'm not really sure . . but we do . Then we have a boxing match between two young men who later become partners . Why we have this boxing match I 'm not really sure . However , I was eating dinner at the time and I must have been more focused on my salad than the movie.Anyway , Lee Blanchard and Bucky Bleichert are cops investigating pimps , I think . They are partners and there is some sexual tension because Bucky like Lee 's wife -LRB- at least I think she is his wife -RRB- . Finally 20 or 25 minutes into the movie we finally get into the Black Dahila murder . Our detectives stumble upon the crime scene because they happened to be in the neighborhood.What happens next is mostly about the men 's lives . We get bits and pieces of the Black Dahila 's murder , but not enough to keep my interested in this movie and I nearly drifted off to sleep three times -LRB- after I finished eating -RRB- . There are four different plots going on at once which makes this movie bloated.The detectives ' storyline is the main plot to this story which was aggravating to this viewer . If they wanted the Black Dahila murder to be a subplot , fine , but could it have been a little more prominent than what we got?The book maybe better . I dont know because I have n't read it . Although books always tend to be better than movies . Still , go with the reviews on this . The majority of Amazon costumers believe this movie is bad , and they are right . Try the book before you rent this piece of garbage .
 Wow ... what a disaster ... Though I do have to give De Palma SOME credit ... he may be the only director in history able to get Scarlet Johannsen to come across as boring , dour , and unsexy on screen . The acting -- over done , the story -- incomprehensible and nonsensical ... I can think of no redeeming quality to this film at all . Perhaps one of the worst `` serious '' films I have ever seen ... Stay away ... stay far away ...
 I could not believe how bad this movie was . I did not read the book , so it is not like I am comparing it to that and finding it lacking . It was just plain bad . Bad acting , bad dialogue , a forced , phoney feel to it . And I was expecting so much more . Hillary Swank -- yikes , some weird kinda accent going on . Josh Hartnett , wooden and amateurish . The dialogue was so forced and phoney sounding I actually had trouble understanding what people were talking about . The plot was confusing and muddled . I can handle a complicated plot , this was just plain confusing . As I watched the movie towards the end I realized it was a really poor imitation of a great , but under-appreciated movie , `` True Confessions '' with Robert Duvall , Robert DeNiro , and Charles Durning . Now there was a wonderful movie based on the actual Black Dahlia murder story . It was rich , authentic , and wonderfully acted . Rent that and watch it with utter enjoyment and appreciation for the arts of acting , screenwriting , and film-making . Do not waste your money on the frighteningly bad The Black Dahlia .
 Granted we realise that De Palma has had more misses than hits over his career but when he hits , he does it so well and with great movies like Scarface and The Untouchables on his CV , I for one thought Ellroy 's The Black Dahlia would be a great fit . I loved the book but realise that Ellroy 's prose and complex plotting do not make for easy transition to the screen . But it can be done . Hello LA Confidential . And so the incomprehensible mess that is The Black Dahlia is just a major , major disappointment . Even for one who has read the book it is unforgivably confusing ! The film seems to have no focus and despite it looking fabulous it is completely devoid of life . And that 's all before we get to the last 30 minutes ! Now I love high camp as much as the next person but the film 's last scene is just laughable - and unfortunately not in a good way . A shame .
 Why was n't this a better film?The novel -LRB- so personal to author James Ellroy who wrote this to honor his murdered mother -RRB- has so many incredible elements
 A painful and laborious game of trying to catch the killer of `` The Black Dahlia . '' I 'm glad I read the book a few years ago . At least it held my attention more than this movie.Josh Hartnett , as `` Bucky - ICE '' the L.A. Detective is a real boring and stiff . Aaron Eckhardt , as `` Lee - FIRE , '' his partner was intense , but average . Scarlett Johannson , `` Kay '' and Hilary Swank , `` Madeleine '' were also big bores , and they showed it with their acting.It was almost like watching a stage play ; with the dinner at Madeleine 's house being excruciatingly painful to watch . As was the `` love scene '' with Hartnett and Swank , which looked like a `` Carol Burnett Show '' or `` Saturday Night Live '' parody of a classic movie . Some of these scenes will make you or snicker or laugh ; which in effect , will wake you up and out of your boredom enough to finish the movie.At 53 minutes into the movie , I checked the timing display to find that the movie is 121 minutes long . As Doctor Smith from `` Lost In Space '' used to say
 Maybe I 'm too uptight , but I thought this misfire was more tragic than funny . What a missed opportunity ! I 'd like to laugh , but I 'm too angry at the filmmakers for botching a great story based on a fine novel by a top-notch writer . The bad acting and `` so bad it 's funny '' scenes made me groan w / disappointment rather than laugh . I love crime dramas and Brian De Palma is one of my favorite directors . Even having read all the bad reviews and bad buzz about this film over the past several months , I was still ready to like it . Considering the talent involved , I thought it could n't be that bad . I just assumed all the negative buzz was similar to that produced by impatient individuals who lack adult attention spans , much like those who complained about the excellent `` Miami Vice '' last year . After watching it though ... . Wow.They could use `` The Black Dahlia '' in film schools as a case study for screenwriters on how not to adapt a novel for the screen
 I do not own the movie and will not own it . I saw the movie in the theater and it was a very bizzare movie . Even though it was based on a true story it was still hard to follow on screen . If the reviews could give minus stars then I would give it a negative 1 . I just do n't think it is worth buying and definately was not worth seeing to begin with .
 The first 45 minutes of this was a very , very pleasant surprise . That 's probably because I read so many negative things about this film , I was expecting the worst . I was enthused , even heading into the second hour but as time went on I began to become less involved with the story . That 's probably because none of the characters are likable people that I would care about . With no one to really root for , after awhile the movie loses its appeal.The worst part was the last 20 minutes . It was so sordid , it got absurd . It 's too much corruption , sick people , ugly violence and nasty overall attitude . The `` Linscott '' family is so bad I could do little but just shake my head in disgust . The whole thing wound up too depressing . When it 's over , you want to take a shower.I loved the cinematography and overall 1940s film noir atmosphere . On that aspect alone , this movie almost was a keeper until they went overboard on the seedy stuff in the last 20 minutes . What a shame .
 This movie is 2 hours and two minutes long , and it really leads to a bland ending . The story is long and thin , and by the time it gets to the end , I forgot what the significance was supposed to be . The camera work was very stylistic and artsy , but that does not make up for just a plain poor story . This is supposed to be a story about two ex boxers who make detective rank , and then become obscessed with horrific murder of a young woman . That ends up being one of many sub plots which just tie this story into one giant tangle of weak , uniteresting plots that I did not care to find out one way or another about . Save your money , let others watch this for you , and give you a synopsis later
 Brian de Palma probably has one of the most frustrating filmographies I 've seen . Sure he has Scarface , Carrie , the Untouchables and the successful Mission : Impossible but then again he has Snake Eyes which fell apart after 20 minutes , Mission to Mars and let 's not forget the Bonfire of the Vanities . The Black Dahlia 's story , setting and mood seem perfect de Palma yet the film feels so lifeless , incoherent and even at times unintentionally funny . The actual murder case was shocking and incredibly disturbing but here it almost seems like the backdrop for the `` real '' issue which is basically nothing interesting .2 L.A cops , Bleichart and Blanchard , are tracking down a criminal but as they 're dealing with it , a grisly discovery is found in the park
 `` The Black Dahlia '' , while referring to the most savage and unsolved murder in Los Angeles ' history , was the most insensitive , cluttered , barely accurate , and gruseome films of 2006 . The plot skipped around so much that I could hardly tell if I was watching a film or a collection of mystery outtakes from the cutting room floor when real film was physically edited.A true waste of time , money and sensibilities . When complete I simply ejected it and threw it in the trash.If there ever was a truly enticing and potential edge of you seat mystery to be made this could have been one of them . As is , it failed miserably .
 This movie is so bad . If you can stay awake through the entire thing , you deserve a metal .
 I wasted over two hours of my life on this VERY bad movie .
 I have no one to blame but myself for buying The Black Dahlia . I knew about all of the bad reviews , but since I love movies like Chinatown , L.A. Confidential and Mulholland Falls , I decided to take a long shot . I mean the movie is directed by the great Brian De Palma and based on the best selling novel by James Ellroy . That alone was a plus in my favor . In fact , it was about fifteen minutes into the movie that I said to myself , `` This is n't such a bad film after all . '' I should 've kept my mouth shut ! Everything the other reviewers have written is absolutely true . The acting is bad , the script is too confusing , and Brian De Palma has probably made the worse film of his career . What has happened to Brian De Palma 's talent as a director ? He 's made some real clunkers since The Untouchables . The thing that irked me the most is that this movie actually had real potential . If it had focused on the `` Black Dahlia '' murder case , rather than using it as a prop , and had employed some talented middle-aged actors to play the lead characters , this movie would 've been far more interesting and might have succeeded as a classic film noir . As it was , there were just too many sub-plots going on . By the end of the movie , I was totally lost and at the point to where I no longer cared what happened to the characters . I just wanted it to end . The one good thing I can say about the movie is that the sets looked real . I thought it had been totally filmed in Los Angeles , but most of it was actually done in Bulgaria . Oh , there is one other thing . Hilary Swank is a far lovelier lady with long hair than she is with short hair . I hope that she 'll keep her hair long for future movies . To anyone who HAS to see this movie , I would suggest renting the DVD first before you buy it . Do n't make the same mistake that I did .
 I really like De Palma -- especially old school De Palma -- but this movie is every bit as bad as Snake Eyes , if not worse . Imagine L.A. Confidential failing on EVERY level , and you have The Black Dahlia . Remarkably disappointing .
 I love this type of movie and I 've seen them all , from the greats , like Out Of The Past to bombs like Mullholland Falls . But this , this , is really something . Slow , convoluted , miscast , dull and completely lacking in suspense . It does n't even have that much to do with Elizabeth Short.Except for Aaron Eckhart all the major characters look like kids who got into mom and dad 's closet , trying to ape the style of the great 1940s actors . None are convincing . Aaron Eckhart is -LRB- surprisingly -RRB- even worse.The story is terribly convoluted and as if to make up for it , just when you think its over , there is an attempt to tie things up -LRB- pun possibly intended -RRB- . But this really is n't necessary for a case that was never solved.There are a few bright spots . You get to see the inside of one of the Kessling houses in Silverlake -LRB- how they got their movie equipment on that street would make for a good supplement -RRB- . They also put together a beautiful diner set . Mark Isham 's score is the only other thing that does n't come off as phony.This type of film always makes me think of The Two Jakes . I know everybody hates The Two Jakes because its complicated but it gets L.A. in the 40s just right , great dialog from Robert Towne and of course Nicholson who looks more like a crime investigator than a male model.The book , by the way , is really something . How Brian De Palma turned it into this , I ca n't imagine .
 Awful ! Just plain awful ! A waste of time and money !
 Think I blew $ 15 + on this piece of cinematic garbage . Where do I go for a refund ? Kind of a silly picture if you really explore it . . The music of LA Confidential . . The locales of Sunset Boulvard and a scene right out No Voyager ... two smokes on a match . What a howl !! Well , live and learn . .
 I can only echo what so many previous reviewers have noted . This film has very little to do with the Black Dahlia murder case . I have not read the book , so i do n't know if it is as badly structured as the film or not , but the movie is an unstructured mess . About halfway into the film , the murder occurs . Then , it is virtually forgotten , while we wade through a morass of overcomplicated double-crossing and double dealing -LRB- not that there 's anything boring about corruption , it 's just impossible to keep track of who 's outwitting who -RRB- . Then , apparently the director remembers the point of the movie , and the solution to the mystery is presented in whiplash fashion in the last twelve minutes of the movie . Needless to say , the solution is complicated too , so the viewer really needs more time to process it in order to understand it . But maybe that 's the point
 No plot , no acting , no story . Plenty of fake blood , they must have had a fake blood sale at the 99 cent store . Possibly made by first year film school drop-outs
 This movie is a serious snooze-fest . It has a well-known cast but they all seemed wrong for the part . Even the most talented actors would not have been able to save this awful script . The movie has a weak , fragmented plot which is a shame because the Black Dahlia murder is a fascinating case and there were some interesting historical events going on at that time . The movie fails to bring any excitement to the story or the time period . I did n't feel like I was `` transported '' to 1947 . I felt like I was watching dressed up actors playing parts on phony sets . The 1947 ambiance was n't there and neither was the look.The movie is also very slow paced . We do n't even get to Elizabeth Short 's story until almost a half hour into the movie . There are also a lot of pointless side stories about boxers , love triangles , adultery , prostitutes , crime , lesbians and whatnot ... to the degree that the original point of the movie is lost . This movie is trying to be too many things at once and in doing this a very sad but interesting story is only half told . About 25 minutes of the movie is devoted to the Black Dahlia . The rest of the movie is pretty much made up of fictional characters and invented stories.It seems like this movie was trying to be a film noir . It really missed the mark . It seemed really modern and ` glossy ' and had none of the shadows or the dark creepy feel that a film noir should have . Everything seemed too bright , too fake and too pretty . This was n't a movie about a murdered woman . It was a movie about cops , criminals and sex . In spite of this , there is n't any emphasis on the fact that this was a very shocking crime at the time . In 1947 things like this did n't happen . It was never solved . This could have given the story some great film noir elements but unfortunately the people responsible for this mess did n't understand true film noir.The movie failed to capture the feel of the 40 's era on other levels . Some of the costumes were cool to look at but they did n't have the right look when you compare them to actual movies made in that decade . The actors did n't seem like they ever watched a 1940 's movie . The cast was good looking in more a 2000 's way than a 1940 's way . Beauty trends have changed . The look was n't there , the accents were n't there . The acting was n't there and the contrast between glamor and grit was n't there either ... something crucial to good noir ... There is a lot of smoking in the movie and apparently actors of today ca n't smoke a cigarette and act at the same time ! It did n't seem natural . In film noir the lighting is such that it captures the cigarette smoke and creates contrast and an air of mystery . In 40 's movies they had a smoking scene strategically placed ... usually when things got intense , just like in real life . In this movie everyone is just running around puffing away and it is n't adding to the movie . Unless smoking is used to capture lighting , a mood or make an intense scene more believable , it is a waste . I have no issue with smoking in movies but the actors looked like they were faking it and it was n't adding to the ambiance or the visuals.I also did n't like the lack of respect the movie had for the victim Elizabeth Short . The movie was totally insensitive to the fact that she was a real human being and probably had people who loved her . There was nothing in the movie to humanize her . Even her ` father ' in the movie does n't have any remorse or sadness . This does n't seem believable . Instead of telling us who Elizabeth was as a person , the movie basically portrays her as a tramp that deserved her fate . The real Elizabeth may not have been innocent but no matter what she did wrong in her life , no human being deserves such a horrible death . The movie was delivered more like a glossy , fabricated drama rather than a real life event . The writers added so much `` filler '' to the story trying to beef it up that they lose the point and they lose the audience . The movie goes overboard with cheap thrills and too many sex scenes . The movie does n't build sympathy for any of the characters . In the end there really is no message.Even though we already know the story of The Black Dahlia there was a lot about her and the case that were left out . The movie goes off in another direction and forgets one crucial fact
 Do n't waste your time on this movie inspired by the worst unsolved murder in California history . Two cops investigate the murder . I thought it could 've been a lot better .
 I ca n't remember the last time I was this bored . The Black Dahlia is the kind of 2 hour movie you wan na see when you have trouble falling asleep but need to watch moving objects on a television screen . There was no suspense in this crime drama , and honestly , the best part of the film was the boxing segments in the beginning of the film which truly showed some graphic violence and excitement . Otherwise , I was totally bored and recommend avoiding this movie at ALL costs . The only thing nice about the film was the scenery presentatation which truly looked like something from the 1940 's . The suspense came in the way of slowly-moving scenes that bordered on old-fashioned romance segments and soft-soften romance bits . Yuck . A film you need to NEVER watch under any circumstances .
 I just finished watching on TV . As the reviewer , stated , I had no clue who was who , what was what , who did what to whom?Shouldn ' t a movie about Elizabeth Short -LRB- aka `` the black dahlia '' -RRB- be , you know , about Elizabeth Short?Why only a peripheral view of the murder instead being the main focus ? This was a bad film with actors spouting cliched/bad dialogue . Avoid if you 're thinking of buying . Better off watching it and then decide .
 Sort of `` The Big Sleep '' on meth . De Palma clearly wants to revive the classic film noir experience but has instead created a monster , a movie that is more undead than alive . Who would have guessed just how bad Hillary Swank and Scarlet Johansson could be ? It takes an iron will to watch this to the end , but unless you do , you ca n't truely appreciate the depth to which De Palma is willing to plunge in his exciting denouement . Quite possibly the worst movie of the year , an Ed Wood movie on a major Hollywood budget .
 You may ask yourself immediately into The Black Dahlia , why you are watching an intense promotional boxing match , that goes on for several minutes , between two L.A. police officers . What does it possibly have to do with the real-life murder of a young Hollywood hopeful in the 1940 's ? Well , nothing really . The movie is overloaded with information , the least of which is sometimes the murder of Elizabeth Short , whose mutilated body was found like a decrepit piece of sculptured artwork in Los Angeles in 1947 . The filmmakers deny it in the bonus features , but it 's film noir , with shadowy lighting , intriguing characters , and haunting jazz trumpet score , and on this level , it 's an almost restful and enjoyable film to watch , as characters clearly pay homage to the tough talking guys and alluring exotic femme fatales of ' 40 's film noir . It 's central theme , however , something concerning Hollywood decadence , gets muddled in what seems a conventional and complicated police story , and the emergence of plot lines that rival the main story . It 's pin-the-tail-on-the-donkey resolution is estranged , and it 's multi-storylines collide more than they mesh . Director Brian De Palma 's Hitchcockian style works well in seperate entities as opposed to the entirety of the film , and the cast , for the most part , are forever inviting you farther into the film with evolving characterizations , even when you ca n't possibly take on another police bulletin of worthless information . I was never bored for a moment , the film is that sensually stylized , but it is finally grossly unsatisfying , like a Playboy magazine without a centerfold , or indeed , an unsolved murder .
 Brian DePalma has crafted a film that is all style with very little substance . The Black Dahlia murder was one of the great unsolved mysteries and this film does little to shed any light on those events of 1947 . Based on James Ellroy 's novel of the same name the film follws the exploits of two Los Angeles policeman who are drawn into the investigation of the murder.This sounds like an interesting premise but what the viewer gets is an overly complicated -LRB- unintelligible -RRB- story line that involves corrupt cops an bizarre love triangle and a murky bisexual look a like of the dead girl from one of the strangest Hollywood families you will ever witness.The film as mentioned above looks great the Oscar nod for its photography was on the mark . The set design is also fantastic but the praise stops there . The acting by both Josh Hartnett and Aaron Eckhart is wooden . Scarlett Johansson who seems to be near perfect in everything she does is horrible here as the love interest of both leads . And Hilary Swank gives a wierd performance as the bisexual look a like of the murder victim.If you were looking for greatness from DePalma look elsewhere .
 `` The Black Dahlia '' is not as putrid as the majority of the previous 31 amazon reviewers suggest . Not quite , anyway . In fact , if it had been made by RKO in glorious black and white about 1950 on a $ 90,000 budget , it would have been about two-thirds of a decent film suitable to fill the bottom half of a double feature.The actors are n't bad , not really . Josh Hartnett has been taking a lot of heat , and sure , he 's passive , wet-behind-the-ears , not very articulate , but those characteristics would fit the leading men in many classic noir films . His partner on the LAPD , Aaron Eckhart , is better , or potentially so , anyway . If he 'd had more than twenty words of dialogue , he might even have risen to adequate . Scarlett Johannson is not bad in the sort of role that Gloria Grahame used to ace in every other 1950s noir flick . It 's a pity that her part as written is inconsistent and just plain does n't make any sense . Hillary Swank sometimes amuses in the role of the designated spider woman , but the script insists on undercutting her . Best of the bunch is Fiona Shaw in the small part of an angry , aristocratic drunken lush . The graceful little wave she makes at the end of her final scene is a nice touch . Worst of the bunch is James Otis . He has almost nothing to do and he manages to be geekily appalling at it , although to be fair , most of the blame is certainly De Palma 's . The look of `` The Black Dahlia `` is sometimes impressive . I am just old enough to remember the look of San Francisco and Northern California in 1947 . I find De Palma 's Southern California streetscapes and costumes to be quite convincing . They are refreshingly free of that weightily self-conscious period look so common in contemporary film making . When I was about eight , I remember being a fascinated spectator at a gun battle that looked very like the one that erupts about half an hour into the film.There are some nice directorial touches . A couple of scenes are shot in something like the old sepia tone , probably the only way to get close to classic noir visual texture in a color film . Unfortunately the look comes and goes without any discernable pattern . There is an impressive crane shot that begins with a distant image of a woman running beside a green field to inform an apparently indifferent world of her horrifying discovery , swings over a building and down into an entirely different sequence , following people along the street until it stumbles into an unexpected action scene . Technically , the shot is worthy of Otto Preminger . Too bad it 's so pointless.I 'm surprised that none of the previous reviewers has picked up on a sequence near the end of the film . A small car drives up a curving road in the LA hills on a rainy night . It stops outside a small , detached bungalow . Inside the bungalow is a chi-chi bedroom in which a pornographic film has been shot . That , my friends , is ripped right off from the Bogart-Becall version of `` The Big Sleep . '' In fact , a considerable amount of `` The Black Dahlia '' is an homage to or rather a riff on the `` The Big Sleep . `` The actors are mostly OK , the look is all right , the director steals only from the very best models , then what is the problem with `` The Black Dahlia '' ? The answer is simple
 I found that this movie had a great ending , but that was the only part . My husband fell asleep , and I had to fight to the end . There is no build up of the story line . I did , however , enjoy that I was not expecting the ending that I got -LRB- although , I was extremely tired ! -RRB- I do n't recommend buying this movie , but if you are too curious , just rent it ... do n't make my mistake .
 If you like the book by James Ellroy that this movie is based on , which I do , then you probably wo n't like the movie very much . If you 've never read the book , then you will be utterly confused by the ending . Either way you probably wo n't enjoy the movie . It 's not the fault of the actors . The performances are good all around but when you 're not given much to work with you ca n't expect miracles . I give the movie two stars only because of the performances and the design of the film which is very stylish . Other than that , the film 's a real stinker .
 For any filmgoers who remember the brilliant works of Brian De Palma back in the 70s and 80s , ` The Black Dahlia ' a crime novel inspired by true case of a horrible murder of Elizabeth Short in 1947 , should have been great opportunity for the maestro to come back . Unfortunately , he misses it , and though you can still enjoy his signature bravura camera , like its frequent vertical movement , you feel he has lost touch.Many people would find the story of ` The Black Dahlia ' very complicated , but that really does n't bother me as far as it constantly offers something intriguing . While watching the first 30 minutes of ` The Black Dahlia , ' my first and only impression was boredom . We meet two cops Bucky -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- and Lee -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- ; we see their boxing match , we are informed that they are called ` Mr. Ice ' and ` Mr. Fire ' , and so on . Frankly , we do n't care , and the film seems not to care either.The mutilated body of Elizabeth Short -LRB- Mia Kirshner -RRB- is found , but as the investigation goes on , the situation surrounding her death gets far more sinister than her dead body suggested at first . Unfortunately , these lurid aspects of the story seem not to have been treated with enough attention from the actors or director , who failed to understand that obsession of these characters for the darker side of humans -LRB- represented by stag film , for example -RRB- is exactly the point of James Ellroy or any noir films . Bucky gets involved with three ladies , all doomed in different ways - Kay -LRB- Scarlett Johansson -RRB- marked with B.D. , Madeline -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- daughter of rich family , and of course , Elizabeth - but the portrait of the detective is not credible enough , failing to convince us of his intense emotions.Same thing can be said about Lee trying to hide something from his partner and us , something very important as to which we are not given enough clues , and which Brian De Palma suddenly starts to explain hurriedly in the last 20 minutes . By the time you fully grasp what is going on here , the film is almost over , leaving us far behind . ` L. A. Confidential ' -LRB- based on Ellroy 's novel -RRB- has also a fairly complicated story , but it never leaves us behind . Its intense characters , all obsessed for something dark , grab your heart from the very beginning.However , you do n't see such driving force in the so-so acting of the entire cast of ` The Black Dahlia ' except Mia Kirshner playing the titular character . What was impressive in other noirs like ` Laura ' turns into something -LRB- unwittingly -RRB- silly and campy . We must see boxer-turned-cop Bucky is fatally attracted to the gorgeous ladies both miscast , and Fiona Shaw gives us one of the most embarrassing acting in this decade . Is her overacting really intentional ? If so , what 's the intention?Thankfully we have atmospheric photography of Vilmos Zsigmond , superb costume design of Jenny Beavan , and first-rate production design of Dante Ferretti . But for all their fine works , all I can say about ` The Black Dahlia ' is ` mess . ' Beautiful , but still a mess .
 i was hugely dissapointed in this film . i know it 's based on a book , but the movie itself is nothing to rave about .
 Ever since `` Unsolved Mysteries '' aired the story about the mysterious death of Elizabeth Short , I have always been intrigued by the story of the black dahlia . I was literally chomping at the bits when I heard that there was a film based around the mystery coming to the big screen . Despite the mixed reviews , I was excited to see the film . Now that I have seen it . I can understand why reviews have been terrible . This film is terrible . The story of Elizabeth Short took a backseat to the stupid plotlines revolving around Madeline -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- , Bucky -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- , Lee -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- , and Kay -LRB- Scarlett Johanssen -RRB- . This film was build up to be about the mysterious death of Elizabeth Short but what do I get ? One dumb , implausible story after another . The ending was worse with the ridiculousness performance from Fiona Shaw as Madeline 's mother Ramona . The only good things I can honestly say about this film is the music -LRB- got ta love KD Lang -RRB- and Mia Kirshner , other than that , this film was a big artistic flop with me .
 What . A. Bust . `` The Black Dahlia '' is a disaster of campy melodrama and grim exploitation and a collision of competing genres , performances and moods , all fueled by director Brian DePalma 's goofy peccadilloes and obsessions . It 's like huffing angel dust while unmanned blimps crash into Lake Huron . Just wait until the scene at the lesbian cabaret.DePalma -LRB- `` Scarface , `` The Untouchables '' -RRB- and screenwriter Josh Friedman -LRB- `` War Of The Worlds '' -RRB- adapt the James Ellroy novel that established him as this generation 's Raymond Chandler . Ellroy retold the 1947 Los Angeles murder of Elizabeth Ann Short , an aspiring actress cut in half and disemboweled , a clown 's smile carved in her mouth . The papers named Short `` Black Dahlia '' for her habit of walking up and down Sunset Boulevard in mourning clothes . The case remains unsolved.The book and movie `` close '' it through the work of two detectives - controlled Bucky -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- , and more volatile Lee -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- - a couple of ex-boxers of average investigative skills -LRB- and poorer ethics -RRB- who more or less stumble into a bizarre conspiracy beyond their pay grade . They also share a strange , mostly-platonic relationship Kay Lake -LRB- Scarlett Johannson -RRB- who cooks them big dinners , uses a cigarette holder and has the letters of a gangster carved into her back.Where do we start with this deranged bit of cinema ? How about here
 The mostly negativ reviews say it all , so there is not much to add.All I can say is - what a BLOODY MESS ! Do n't waste your money or your time on this totally incoherent disaster .
 I was looking forward to this film with great expectations . The book was masterfully written by Ellroy , but butchered by the film director making me question if he even read the book.What a hugh dissapointment .
 I THOUGHT THEY HAD ALOT OF NERVE CALLING THIS MOVIE THE BLACK DAHLIA.I THINK ABOUT A WHOLE 15 MINUTES DEALT WITH THE CASE . I READ ALOT OF DIFFERENT BOOKS ON THE MURDER AND THOUGHT THIS MOVIE WAS A RIP-OFF . WHEN I WENT AND SAW THIS MOVIE A GOOD NUMBER OF PEOPLE WALKED OUT . DO N'T WASTE 2 HOURS OF YOUR LIFE VIEWING THIS PIECE OF CRAP THEY CALL A MOVIE !
 My title basically says it all . I will say to fans of Ellroy , the original book , etc. . This film has NOTHING to do with those . They take some names , the Dahlia murder and mush it up with the worst , unbelieveable inane story . There is even a note at the very end of the film -LRB- which was too small for me to read on my tv screen -RRB- that said something like they use the characters and settings , but this is loosly based on the original novel.What was DePalma thinking ? One could almost see a line of thought that said `` let 's make another ... L.A. Confidential ... no wait ! let 's make it like an old 40 's film ... no wait ! let 's make it like `` Chinatown '' ! What they get is a horrible mess , a storyline that can not be followed or believed and some of the absolute worst acting EVER!Unless you want to see the worst film ever made in this century , do not bother with this ... read the book ... or any James Ellroy instead .
 I so wanted to love this movie . How could it fail ? Scarlett Johannsen , Hillary Swank , Mia Kirshner -LRB- the L Word -RRB- , even k.d. lang -LRB- ! -RRB- And yet.The dialogue was pointless , inarticulate and barely audible , no matter how high I turned up the volume . The story meandered endlessly , yet went no where . I still do n't quite understand more than I already knew - once there was a woman who was murdered and the case was never solved . What that had to do with the characters in the movie is beyond me ; and what their interpersonal issues were , were vague and annoying.How sad . What a waste of talent . Maybe someday someone will do a decent job on this story . But not here , and not now .
 This is possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Incomprehensible plot and the acting was to say the least underwhelming . What a waste .
 If you are interested in the Black Dahlia murder case and went into this film thinking it was going to be a dramatic , truth inspired tale centring around this murder then think again . This is hollow bollocks served up nice and glossy to cover up the fact this film has a vapid plot and uninspired acting . A real examination of the case would have been far more interesting then this over stylised nonsense .
 How this guy keeps getting financing to make movies is beyond me . There is so much talent wasted in this film that it just makes one wonder if Hollywood has lost its way ! This film should definitely be taught in film school as to what happens when someone with almost no talent rises to this level -LRB- that would be Mr.DePalma -RRB- and continues to make films with the pretense of great art when in reality , they are just plain bad.The storyline here is completely lost in the mess of spinning cameras , POV 's and noir that is n't noir at all . The only thing this movie has going for it is Hillary Swank doing a very bad Catherine Hepburn impersonation -LRB- which is laugh out loud bad -RRB- . I guess it was that excellent direction - this is as bad as it gets !
 Seriously , the worst film I 've ever seen . Bad script , BAD acting all around , and by far the worst film in DePalma 's storied canon . True cinematic garbage , and not in a good way . Virtually unwatchable ...
 Ugh !!! Amazon not giving me a 0 option ! Rented this movie last night - was looking so forward to it . Enjoy Elroy 's stuff , heard about Dahlia and thought hmmm this should be good -- NOT ! Good lord what were they thinking?I 'm suppose to be working on my inner self - ya know , learning to say things that are positive , being nice , ca n't say somethin' nice - do n't say anything - well crap this is n't gunna help!Where would I begin ? The camera man ? the producers , the director ? Shall we say cheesey acting too ? To say the least folks I shut it off after an hour and gave up.Ok - Since I am working on my inner self I do have something positive to say -- Scarlet truly looked amazing !
 horror ... I watched this ... movie -LRB- ? -RRB- open-mouthed , literally , waiting -LRB- in vain -RRB- for some MENTION of Elizabeth Short -LRB- remember her , gentlemen ???? You did title this fiasco BLACK DAHLIA ; did you not ? -RRB- but instead was treated to a fight , the relationship between two cops and the girlfriend , the constant mention of Fire and Ice -LRB- big Revlon lipstick campaign in the 1950s -RRB- and an assortment of peripheral characters I was supposed to be intrigued by . Well , do n't know about anyone else , but I was under the impression this movie , titled BLACK DAHLIA , was actually ABOUT THE ELIZABETH SHORT MURDER CASE.Was I WRONG ! The most laborious , dull boring , contrived , self-centered piece of garbage I have ever suffered through . Why did I watch the whole thing ? Two reasons
 Jesus , I 'm not sure that they could have picked a worse cast for this terrible movie . The only redeeming thing about it , was Mia Kirshner who gave an amazing performance as elizabeth short . But besides her I the story was windy and contrived , too many characters and nit enough convincing acting to really pay attention too closely to . Mia Kirshner is the only reason this movie gets two stars from me .
 As you are probably aware of by now , The Black Dahlia is the name given to one of the most bizarre , unsolved murders in American history . Adapted from James Ellroy 's book of the same name , this Brian DePalma film misses the mark because of poor editing , a muddled plot resolution , and average acting . Four characters are at the forefront of the film ; their relationship with each other and the murder never fully engaged this viewer . The `` Fire '' and `` Ice '' detective characters played by Aaron Eckhart and Josh Harnett are emotionally connected to Kay -LRB- Scarlett Johansson -RRB- . We never know if Kay is in love with either , even though Kay is Lee 's -LRB- Eckhart 's -RRB- girlfriend . While both detectives want to solve the murder , Lee is consumed with finding the murderer . DePalma never really explains Lee 's infatuation with the murdered girl or why he is so intent in solving the mysterious case . Bucky -LRB- Harnett -RRB- becomes equally intrigued with the case after he meets Madeleine -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- . What never materializes is a flow of events that relate these characters to the murder and why the murder was committed in the first place . The real Black Dahlia case was never solved . DePalma gives us the why , who , where , how , and when , but never enough to make sense of it all . For instance the scene in which Bucky -LRB- Harnett -RRB- is reading a newspaper in the park and sees a girl in a short sailor 's outfit eating an ice cream cone . Why did she begin to run ? Did she realize that Bucky recognized her from the lesbian film she had made ? Why did she lie about where the film was made when under interrogation ? Why is Lee involved with a crime boss ? How did Lee acquire the money that he had hidden away ? Why is Madeleine `` dressing '' like the Black Dahlia ? Does she want to lead detective Bucky to her demented mother and perverse father ? Is there an incestuous relationship between Madeleine and her father ? The roles of Madeleine 's father and mother in the murder are never fully explored . The clown smile , lesbianism , Mack Sennett , housing projects ? How does this relate to the murder of the Black Dahlia ? I wo n't go into more detail for those who have n't seen the film . The best feature of the DVD was the interview with James Ellroy . His own fears , emotions , and interest in crime dramas , Los Angeles , and post WWII melodrama are revealed in a personal interview . Ellroy is extremely articulate . His voice and revelations about noir , his own mother 's murder , and LA crime are emotionally connected . I wish DePalma could have connected with his audience .
 We had heard all the criticism of this film , but being lovers of 1930-1940 era stories , we decided to give it our own try.During the first 30 minutes , we were saying to ourselves ... `` Hey this is really good , what is all the criticism about ? `` BUT ... . then it hit ... . at the 31 minute mark the film hit a brick wall , fell apart and became a burden of chaotic boredom to watch.At 88 minutes we finally gave up and hit EJECT ! Summary . . Excellent 40 's era sets and costumes ... . a great moody atmosphere.Weakness = story , pacing , character development .
 You have no idea how badly I wanted to like this film . The cast was top notch and the real events this movie was based upon was so compelling I did n't think there was any way it could go wrong . I was waiting for the day it debuted with great anticipation . And when I left the theater I found myself trying very hard to like it only to realize there just was n't much to like . I 'm still struggling to figure out why this happened , because there was no reason this could n't have been incredible . But the best explanation I can give , and the one I gave to friends who asked how it turned out is that it seemed to me like everyone involved really were not that interested in telling the story of the Black Dahlia murder , and that the had to deal with the true facts were seen as an inconveniance . The strange thing is , someone had at least done some of the homework , because there was a scene where Elizabeth Short -LRB- excellently played by Mia Kirshner -RRB- talks about how she was engaged to a man who died on his way back from the war , and as I watched it I remembered reading about this in a book based on the case . That the could get a detail that was so small is so discouraging when you consider the facts they completely falsified , such as Ms. Short appearing in pornographic films . The case is not given nearly enough focus , the time that should have been spent on the facts of the case were mostly wasted on showing how the fictional characters dealt with the events . All in all , this film should have been great , as it had nothing stopping it from being the film I thought it would be , but those involved apparently thought three fictional characters were more interesting , which begs the question if they are n't interested in the Black Dahlia Murder , why make a film about it ?
 There is an episode of `` The Simpsons '' in which Bart , Lisa and Marge are looking at old home movies . Unexpectedly , a clip showing Bart , at about age 2 , getting potty trained by Marge shows up . In the clip , Bart says `` I 'm a big boy now '' . In the present , Bart is shocked and shouts `` Ay caramba . '' `` The Black Dahlia '' is Josh Hartnett 's attempt at telling the world `` I 'm a big boy now '' . But in reality , I suspect he will look back on the film in a few years and shout `` Ay caramba . `` Officer Dwight `` Bucky '' Bleichert -LRB- Hartnett -RRB- and Sgt. Leland `` Lee '' Blanchard -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- meet in the early 40s , as each is trying to protect a small neighborhood in Los Angeles from riots between returning servicemen and zoot suiters . Then , someone in the department learns that each has a background in boxing ; Los Angeles is set to vote on a bond measure that will increase the pay for all police officers and the fight will be good publicity . Bucky bets against himself , to earn some money to put his aging German immigrant father in a nice nursing home , but puts up a good fight before losing . The fight generates the required publicity , the bond passes , and each of the men is promoted to the Warrants division of the Detective Squad . Soon , Bucky meets Kay Lake -LRB- Scarlett Johansson -RRB- , Lee 's girlfriend , who likes to attend his fights , sketch the action and say titillating things to both men . Soon , the three are sharing a lot of time together and Kay clutches both of their hands during a scary moment in a silent film . As the two men stake out a warrant , a man opens fire and a shootout begins . Throughout , there is some question about an old arrest Lee was involved in ; the convict was Kay 's former pimp and a bank robbery was pinned on him . Bucky meets Madeline Linscott -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- , a woman who comes from a rich family , and they begin a hot and torrid affair . Oh , and a young struggling actress named Elizabeth Short -LRB- Mia Kirschner -RRB- is murdered in a particularly gruesome fashion and becomes known as `` The Black Dahlia '' . `` The Black Dahlia '' , directed by Brian DePalma , written by Josh Friedman , and based on a James Ellroy book , is a completely fictionalized account of what might have happened . Yet , everyone involved seems to go to great pains to skirt the most interesting part of the film , the mystery of the Black Dahlia , and we get lengthy bits about boxing , the love affair between Kay and Lee , Bucky 's attraction to Lee , Bucky 's relationship with Madeline , an old bank robbery , and much , much more . And only one of these story threads is even remotely related to the mystery of `` The Black Dahlia '' . I am a big fan of learning a lot about a character 's background , but it has to have some bearing on or connect to the main story . In `` The Black Dahlia '' , no one seems to know what the main story is.Like any attempt at Film Noir , `` The Black Dahlia '' has a voice over and in this case , the voice over is provided by Hartnett , who plays the main character , a police office named `` Bucky '' . Throughout the voice over , Hartnett mumbles this and that , trying to evoke a certain mood , but he is incapable of doing so . Film Noir voice over requires a voice evoking experience , hard knocks , a challenged life . Hartnett is too young and inexperienced to pull this off.Then , there is his acting . Hartnett is one of those actors who have basically one facial expression . Through any and all situations , the same face . It does n't matter whether he is unhappy , overjoyed , morose , at death 's door , whatever the situation he always seems glum . It is really incomprehensible to me why he continues to work in multimillion dollar films . There are many pretty women who have had shorter careers because they are unable to act as well . Yet Hartnett continues to get work.Because he is unable to change his facial expression , Bucky becomes a cardboard character and we simply do n't care for him as he tries to work through this complicated mystery.Aaron Eckhart fares a little better . As Lee , he has the looks and the acting ability to make us believe in his character . But the character seems to be a retread of the same troubled sole Russell Crowe played so well in `` L.A. Confidential '' , which is also based on a book by James Ellroy . But as acceptable as Eckhart is , his character is marred by problems . He is obsessed with a case , but it is n't really the Black Dahlia . He has a haunted past , but it is n't connected with the Black Dahlia . Lee also seems to be providing comic relief at points , joking around and mugging for the camera as he realizes Bucky and Kay are growing closer.Scarlett Johannson 's Kay Lake is in the same boat as Josh Hartnett 's Bucky . They are both too young and ca n't exude enough life experience for these roles . Sure they both look great , but this role is the type of thing Barbara Stanwyck , Gene Tierney , Lauren Bacall and other great actresses would take on and sink their teeth into . Johansson just is n't in their league , at least not yet . Her performance is more evocative of a teenager in a high school play , trying to get their mouth used to all of the big people words and speech patterns . At the middle of a love triangle , she is clearly doing her best to appear sexually attractive , but her expression almost never changes . When she is upset , her face is blank . When she is trying to sexually tease Bucky , her face is blank . Not a very interesting performance.Hillary Swank appears in her most sexual role to date . Perhaps after playing transgenders and women who want to be championship boxers , she was ready for a change . She certainly appears glamorous and fares the best of all the actors , but during the last few moments of the film , her character just completely falls apart . I ca n't really reveal why , because to do so would spoil any surprises the film holds for those of you who choose to not heed my advice . `` The Black Dahlia '' contains a couple of signature Brian DePalma set pieces . Yet , even these seem like retreads from his more interesting , better films . But the last few minutes of the film are so ludicrous it completely disintegrates any technical expertise these exhibit . This is the type of film where everyone even remotely connected to Bucky is involved in one of the two mysteries he is involved in . Yet throughout , he seems to have no idea . When he finally starts to realize this , he confronts them and demands `` Tell me the truth '' at which point , they break down and begin a long confession . Occasionally , DePalma decides to show us a bit of a flashback , to break the monotony of a long monologue . But that happens only occasionally , and usually to help explain the more incredulous connections . `` The Black Dahlia '' would be , perhaps , an acceptable film , but the last twenty minutes completely erase any good will the film may have generated . Attempting to wrap the story up , and provide some resolution to the mystery of the Black Dahlia , DePalma and Friedman create a patchwork of unbelievable and bad performances , clues that did n't exist and outlandish story ideas . What happens when you combine all of this ? You have a mess . `` The Black Dahlia '' is a big disappointment . Go and see `` Hollywoodland '' instead .
 This is such a BAD movie . This film has no reason to title itself as `` The Black Dahlia '' . They should at least tell you on the promo that this is n't based on the actual Black Dahlia murder instead of waiting til the end credits of the film to tell you the real reason why this movie is so dumb . But I guess no one would actually bother to go see it . If you 're wanting to know about the REAL story then buy a book on it , it 's alot more entertaining than this crap . Do n't waste your time on this film . I 'm sorry I did .
 The Black Dahlia is a great book but a bad movie . The actors in this film are going to take a lot of heat , but that is unfair ; when all the performances are bad , it 's the fault of the director . Some people are calling for Brian DePalma to retire and , on the basis of this film , they may have a point . It 's not just that it 's bad , it 's aggressively bad - the kind of bad that takes real work . The audience I saw this with was laughing through the whole thing . Indeed , it is the type of film that Mystery Science Theater 3000 would appreciate . The only thing I can think of was that DePalma was trying to parody the conventions of noir
 Elroy 's first entry in the L.A. Quartet books -LRB- along with L.A. Confidential , etc. -RRB- is a crime fiction classic . Brian DePalma 's incoherent attempt at bringing it to the screen , sadly less so . Hartnett 's Spock-like delivery , Johansson 's oddly detached line-readings and Eckhart 's minor role combine into a perfect storm of bland movie-making . Hilary Swank , however , comes across as strangely appealing and Mia Kirshner affects a palpable sadness and desperation . Unfortunately , these could not rescue this film ; I could conceivably eat some Alphabits cereal and poo out a better and more logical script .
 The Black Dahlia is hideous and I 'm being kind here . I ca n't believe this movie is directed by Brian De Plama -LRB- Carrie , Dressed to Kill -RRB- . He must have been desperate to direct this crap . Hilary Swank 's acting is actually worse than Jost Hartnett 's . The plot goes nowhere , the nude scenes are embarrassing , and the movie is shot in complete blackness , I could hardly make out a scene . I could n't find one person who enjoyed this filth . The Black Dahlia is one of the worst films of 2006 , now I know why this movie did horrible in the theaters .
 This movie is awful . I was interested in seeing it , after seeing various news shows about The Black Dahlia murder . I really thought it would stick more to the real story , even though so much is unknown about it . But , to my disappointment it is a totally fictional story , that just happens to take place when Elizabeth Short was murdered . The story even makes up a fake confession , that made me feel like I was watching an SNL skit got awry . I had much trouble following it , mainly because everyone 's speech was so unclear , and there was so much in the movie that was completely pointless . The constant background music tried too hard , and got on my nerves.I think it is true that Elizabeth Short had a questionable social life , but to portray her as doing lesbian porn against her will , and prostituting herself , is very disrespectful towards a real woman , who really was murdered , and who undoubtedly still has relatives who are alive and well . Shame on you Mr. Ellroy .
 What a real loser this was , we suffered for over two hours on this one . We rented it , that 's the good news . Do not waste your time or money on this load of stinking garbage.Phil .
 I was disappointed in how far the movie strayed from the original book by James Ellroy . The movie dragged along pretty slowly and was n't too bad until the last 25 minutes . From the `` murder shed '' until the end it seemed like everyone was rushing to finish the film . Poor ending .
 This movie is only 5 % Black Dahlia and 95 % about the detective . It did not even focus that much on the Black Dahlia . When I saw this movie I was n't even sure if I was in the right theatre . I thought I was watching a different movie . I think reading a book about the Black Dahlia is much better . I would wait till it comes out on DVD . Do n't waist your money .
 Oh ugh . I 'm not even sure what to say about this poor excuse for a movie . I have always been interested in this case , and I suppose I fooled myself into thinking there was enough historical evidence to stretch it out for a full length movie . If you have doubts about this movie , allow me to assist you in your choice . SAVE YOURSELF ! DO N'T DO IT ! STEP AWAY FROM THE PROVERBIAL LEDGE ! There is really no nice way to say that this movie just stinks . Worse than gym socks . The movie is n't really even about the Black Dahlia . I wo n't give away the entire plot as I do n't want to spoil it -LRB- right like it could get worse -RRB- but I will say that if you are watching this movie because you care about the history of the actual case , you will be sorely disappointed . If you watch it because you like seeing a shirtless Josh Hartnett ... maybe it deserves more stars . I hated it !
 I should have known better . I saw the reviews , I consider De Palma a derivative hack , but , I 'm such a fan of the source material and Ellroy in general , I figured `` How badly could he have screwed it up ? '' The answer
 by following james ellroy 's novel about this murder case in the 40s is from the very beginning doomed to be a failure . ellroy 's novels usually are so pretentiously noir . this screenplay is totally fragmented with bad casting job , even most of the performers are either oscar winners or reputed actors . a clueless , vague , boring , going-nowhere , do n't - know-what 's - going-on screenplay . almost every scene and set in this movie were totally unnecessary and could be deleted and wo n't have hurt its going . the boxing bout scene , the lesbian night club scene , the family dining scene , the hotel scene , the sit out at his partner 's home to take care of his wife scene , the gun fight scene linked to the field where the mutilated female was found scene , the visiting of his senile father 's scene ... every one of them could be and should be cut and deleted . and to think further , the whole movie could and should be deleted.the movie itself , just like ellroy 's novel , even it was deemed as the best of ellroy 's , is so pretentiously noir , noir , overly noir , added some yellowish , brownish lens to imitate that era with chain-smoking people , hats ... lousy background music that usually come with disney cartoons , ended this movie up in a messy shape . not even you 've read or re-read the novel first , you still did n't quite get it , no matter what and , could n't have cared less.do i wear a dark sun glasses and make me look pretty noir ? of course not .
 The story of Elizabeth Short is the epitome of exploitation . Her Hollywood dreams were exploited , leading her personal and professional lives down sordid and unwanted avenues ; her death was exploited by the media , who dubbed her the Black Dahlia and delighted in every tawdry fact and gaudy headline ; but the most offensive exploitation is this movie.One would expect that with its title , this film would be about the Black Dahlia murder , a gruesome act of butchery that was the American equivalent of the Jack the Ripper murders . One would expect it to be about the clash of innocence with horror , tabloid journalism with human emotion , the glitziness of Hollywood with the murky reality on the streets of LA. . You 'd also be forgiven for thinking it 's about Elizabeth Short , the manner in which she was killed , the ` missing week ' between the time she was last seen and the estimated time of death , her ` black book ' of men 's names and addresses , the fifty or so people who confessed to the crime and the investigation into it . If so , you 'd be almost entirely wrong.The Black Dahlia is about one thing only - Brian de Palma 's homage to the trench coat-wearing , chain-smoking heyday of film noir . It 's all there , like a paint-by-numbers mockery
 Brian de Palma has never been the most gifted of filmmaker 's but he 's crafted some pretty good stuff , namely Carrie , Dressed to Kill and The Untouchables , but what we have here is a dismal excuse for a movie that considering the incredible source material , falls not only flat on its face but manages to go subterranean . The Black Dahlia -LRB- a.k.a Elizabeth Short -RRB- murder is one of the most iconic and fantastic of unsolved murder mysteries of the 20th century and one deeply rooted in the allure and myth of old Hollywood . This kind of fodder in the right hands could have yielded extraordinary results , but de Palma seems to have no idea not only how handle the material but how to induce the slightest bit of interest in anyone associated with it . Every single actor seemed not only bored but downright annoyed , with Hilary Swank -LRB- a consistently gifted actress -RRB- hamming it up in the femme fatale role of socialite , Madeleine Linscott . The plot is contrived beyond salvation ; ideas and themes thrown in at break-neck speed but in the end not amounting to anything . There 's plenty of conjecture but little proof or finality , so , in the end , who cares ? Yes , the film is visually appealing and attention to detail is in full evidence , but that 's about it . Josh Hartnett , Aaron Eckhart and Scarlett Johansson just lie as still as swamp water and even the score by the usually reliable Mark Isham fails to create a sense of time and place . Believe it or not , the best performance was given Mia Kirshner in the role of Betty Short , who , incidentally , has about a total 10 minutes of screen time and all through screen test films . With minimal time , she manages to not only humanize a very sensational story but to convey the tragedy that struck this young woman 60 some odd years ago . Those expecting anything similar to L.A. Confidential or any other film noir masterwork -LRB- I did , based on the fact that both novels were written by James Ellroy ... big mistake -RRB- will be disappointed beyond words . This is a very pathetic effort , indeed . What made it doubly annoying was just how much I was looking forward to seeing it .
 The first clue to me that this was going to be a disappointing movie , was that when it started , I thought that I had gone into the wrong theater . I thought that I had walked into a boxing movie . Eventually , the subject of the Black Dahlia murder was revealed , but not by much . It remained a sub-sub-subplot to all the other plots , of which there are far too many . There are also too many smarmy twists and turns of which the viewer can care nothing about because they have nothing to do with the Elizabeth Short murder ... the title of the movie , remember ? In addition , all through the movie viewers are introduced to more and more campy , sleazy , over-the-top characters , which you also can care nothing about , because they just get in the way of what you hope will eventually become a plot . And from what I have read about Elizabeth Short , she was not the hopeless sleazoid that she was portayed as in the movie . I will say that the sets , costumes , and locations were perfectly done for the period . However , the ending is a ridiculous exercise in freakish vaudeville and totally insulting to the viewers ' intelligence . The movie is also an insult to Elizabeth Short .
 I did not read James Ellroy 's book , but if this movie is faithful to it , then shame on Ellroy and shame on DePalma , both , for using the famous Black Dahlia case as a hook . This film has very little to do with the Dahlia case other than using it as a backdrop for a really uninteresting , virtually incomprehensible story , and though the tagline claims `` inspired by the most notorious unsolved murder in California history , '' it is n't inspired at all.I was painfully aware through every scene of how hard this film was trying to achieve noir greatness , the formula for which would appear to be countless cigarette lightings , overdramatized gestures and reactions , and a requisite number of references to Mickey Cohen and Johnnie Stompanado . Most of the actors seem to be phoning in their performances here ; there is a flatness to the characters . I thought the attempt to weave the obscure reference to Conrad Veidt and The Man Who Laughs into the already weak premise was just pathetic . Is this Ellroy 's tangent to the Dahlia ? His explanation for Elizabeth Short 's mouth being sliced ? An interesting idea , but not enough to carry this along.Occasionally , someone comes up for air , like Hillary Swank , only to be drawn back down into the quicksand . I thought the best part of this movie was k.d. lang a la Victor Victoria in the bar scene.I saw this film at a screening which was the culmination to an afternoon bus tour around Los Angeles visiting sites relating to the real Black Dahlia murder . It became obvious during that tour that the real murder story held far too little conclusive evidence to support any viable plotlines . There is too much speculation and conjecture , complicated further by fame seekers who were after their fifteen minutes and all too willing to offer testimony . -LSB- In modern terms , think Jon Benet confessor . -RSB- Genre films always seem to come out in groups , and if you 're looking to get your money 's worth in film noir , RUN , do n't walk , away from The Black Dahlia and towards Hollywoodland . While not flawless , it is a much better film . Also based on real life events that remain murky and clouded , it presents a plausible array of theories in a far more engaging plotline.Several others have cited The Untouchables as an example of Brian DePalma 's best work , but the obvious comparison in my eyes here is Dressed to Kill or Body Double . Hard to believe the man who gave us that kind of edge-of-your-seat , bolt-the-door suspense could sign his name to this convoluted , sensationalistic dead-end . This did n't even feel like a Brian DePalma movie but for the serendipitous inclusion of William Finley -LRB- Winslow Leach ! -RRB- Apparently , ink did n't mean anything to the screenwriters .
 This historical drama is inspired by a true crime from 1947 , the murder of Elizabeth Short . The film opens with a riot in 1945 Los Angeles . Sailors were attacking the `` zoot suiters '' because of a prior attack on sailors . There is a plan to stage some boxing matches to help pass a municipal bond issue . There is a domestic scene that is supposed to mean something . Some of those hats do n't have the wide brims of that era . Was the fight realistic ? Do those scenes of entertainment have a meaning ? There is a sudden shoot-out . Next police cars arrive where a body was found . -LSB- Do those scenes inside a home look too upscale ? -RSB- The internal organs of that body were removed by the killer!The police investigate the death of Elizabeth Short . -LSB- Does the film drag here ? -RSB- Does that girl 's family seem strange ? `` I 'm really so sorry . '' That family is strange ! Can anyone make a fortune by building cheap housing ? Does the drama go downhill ? The story just stumbles along from scene to scene . Does the ending seem believable ? Will this movie never end ? Finally there is a surprise at the end . Does it make sense ? Any of them ? Is that family really crazy ? Will there be another cover-up ? Will this movie never end ? Was it the worst film of the year?The credits say it was based on the James Ellroy novel . The tiny lettering for the credits suggests they were ashamed to be named for this film . I 'll bet the Bulgarians turn out better films for their people . This film could have benefitted from a lower budget and a better script . Was the book better than this film ?
 I have NO idea what sort of shenanigans lead to an actual release ofgarbage of this magnitude . I was looking for a decent film on an interesting case . Fooled me there.The `` plot '' is too far gone to be resusitated.It was a mish mash of a dozen or more little sub plots that were eachin their own fashion , bungled beyond being able to stomach them.In the extras , they once in a while will refer back and forth to various producers , directors , stars and such in interviews . Each of them talked of the greatness of the book -LRB- which I have not read BTW -RRB- and how it was `` streamlined '' to remove the back story -LRB- said as if that is a good thing -RRB- as well as concern that the author would not like the final production -LRB- he should n't - nobody else will -RRB- , and the various reasons that they wanted to be involved in the project . NONE of them however you will note , took time to say that it was a well scripted project or that it 's confusing potluck quality -LRB- everyone brings a little something and hopefully there will be an edible meal as a result -RRB- is of value to the viewer.This is tripe and I highly suggest , not wasting your money , your time or that of fellow viewers , on it .
 Brian DePalma is one of the worst film makers alive today . The only reason some of his films are decent is because the writers , and editors carried the films . When the writing and editing is not there , and that is more often than not , he is incapible of anything but copying what he has seen in other films . That is his MO in all his films actually . I am not sure who 's grandaddy in Hollywood helped give him a leg up but he clearly did not get to where he is on his own merits . To compare this to LA Confidential is an insult to that film and it 's director . Like many films out there today , this film had so much potential , and fell short because the director has no real vision . I cared about no one in this film . I felt for no one . I never even felt like I was watching a movie . This was one of the most boring films noirs ever made . Go see oldies like The Third Man , The Naked City , and The Killing . Those are good classic noir films . For some decent new ones rent , Sin City , LA Confidential , and Muhllond Falls . Kafka is a great one too but it is unavailable at this time.The Black Dahlia is an awful film with no hook , no direction , no nothing . This is in my bottom 10 list of bad films for the year . Beware .
 I have read several books on the case . I knew it would be a `` hollywood '' film , but this version is absolutely horrible ! A shabby try at film noir . Did I mention it was boring as heck ! Do n't waste your money on this tasteless trash !
 Wow what a poor and misguided movie . The plot was boring and actors & dialog was bad . 25 mins was all I needed to delete/erase from my DVR sercive it was not worth watching for 2 + hrs and I am thankful I did not pay money to watch it or that I bought or rented it . The money saved could be used to pay for serveral DVD 's with better plots and better actors . Is gets 1 star and I am beening kind at that .
 I struggled for 20 mins to latch on to something like coherence in THE BLACK DAHLIA ... then gave up . Not only is it lacking a focused director & script , it trashes the victim -LRB- the audience along with Elizabeth Short , the woman behind the ` Black Dahlia . ' -RRB- It 's a boring travesty & a bloody shame .
 I like many of De Palma 's movies but when he directs a bad one they really stink.The book was to long and to good to make into a feature length movie . It might have been a good mini series except it was one of the most disturbingly graphic violent books I 've read.So read the book , skip the movie .
 NOW I DID NOT BUY THE MOVIE THROUGH AMAZON BUT ANOTHER PLACE AND LET ME JUST TELL YOU THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN IT WAS 2 HOURS OF A WASTE OF MY TIME AND I STOPPED PAYING MUCH ATTENTION AFTER THE FIRST 10 MINUTES.I VE BEEN CURIOUS ABOUT THE BLACK DAHLIA MYSTERY FOR A FEW MONTHS NOW AND WAS CURIOUS TO SEE HOW THEY PORTRAYED IT IN THE MOVIES . AND LET ME SAY I WAS EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTED THE ACTING WAS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE AND IM USUALLY A FAN OF JOSH HARNETTI DONT EVEN KNOW WHY SCARLET JO . WAS IN THE MOVIE BECAUSE HER ACTING WAS ALSO BAD IN IT AND THE MR. FIRE AND ICE THING JUST MADE IT ALL THE MORE WORSEI WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU SKIP THIS DVD AND WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE !
 Rich in initial promise , De Palma 's plush period drama is ultimately notable only for its utterly unfocused execution and the mostly squandered potential of an A-list cast.Set against the backdrop of LA in the 1940 's , the film revolves alternately around the odd love triangle between its three lead stars , the murder of a young aspiring actress -LRB- the titular `` Dahlia '' -RRB- and socio-political commentary on the corrupt origins of the home of America 's film industry . If this was n't ambitious enough , a vague whisper of the ongoing war in Europe , a subplot about boxing , another about a robbery/blackmail/vendetta , and a host of ancillary characters and events are thrown in for good measure.The film stutters awkwardly from one event to the next and often fails , throughout its 2 hour course , to address or explain the significance of what is occurring . Even the final `` unmasking '' of the mystery is not convincing enough to illuminate the meaning of the previous 120 minutes . This leaves the viewer with the distinct impression of having watched a very finely polished turd , but a turd none the less.One gets the impression that De Palma is trying to outdo a film of similar ambition and setting
 If Brian DePalma would have focused solely on the murder and police investigation of the Black Dahlia this film would have been a near masterpiece . It certainly looks amazing thanks to production design by Dante Ferretti and photography by the Oscar nominated Vilmos Zsigmond . Everything else about it sucks . Set in the mid to late 40 's the film resembles so many films from that era . Which is to say it 's melodramatic and absurdly over the top in spots . Bucky Bleichert -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- and Lee Blanchard -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- are two homicide detectives assigned to the murder case of Elizabeth Short -LRB- Mia Kirshner -RRB- a.k.a. . The Black Dahlia so named because of her all black wardrobe and promiscuous nature . Bleichert is a by the book cop whereas Blanchard is a hothead zoned out on Benzedrine . He becomes obsessed with the Dahlia causing him to alienate his girlfriend Kay Lake -LRB- Scarlet Johansson -RRB- and letting a murderer go free . The film throws so many characters and motivations at us in the first half hour that after an hour and a half it 's impossible to remember them when DePalma tries to tie up all the loose ends . It 's a losing game because just when you think you 've got it under control there is a gaping hole in the logic . Hilary Swank is useless in the role of Madeline Linscott a rich girl who keeps insisting she looks like the Dahlia when clearly she does n't . Her and Bleichert have a steamy affair even though Buck is involved in a love triangle between Lee and Kay . All the sex scenes are ridiculously overheated . The whole film is laughable.The only things that save it are good looking femmes like Johannson , Rose McGowan , and Rachel Miner all of whom look good in the period costumes and hairstyles . The real highlight for die hard DePalma fans is his re teaming with the Phantom himself William Finley . What does Finley play ? A disfigured killer of course . This film could have been something special instead of a film that looks great but is confusing and frustrating .
 Make no mistake
 Except for about a hour about half way through Brian De Palma 's `` The Black Dahlia '' when Hillary Swank arrives on the scene there is a bit of hope that all is not lost . But alas , Swank merely provides a short respite from the unrelenting boredom of this film ... as it is way too long and not particularly about the sensational , gruesome and surgical-like , real-life murder of Elizabeth Short -LRB- a sad and quite effective Mia Kirschner -RRB- in 1947 Los Angeles , the Black Dahlia of the title because she always dressed in black.If De Palma had decided to concentrate on just the murder and the investigation -LRB- which still goes on now some 60 years later -RRB- he would have had the makings of a , if not great , at least an intriguing film
 I like many other people who wanted to see this movie actually thought it was going to be about the Black Dhalia murder . But the movie just went in circles and never really focused on the crime it self , It wasnt a crime movie I thought , And the dialouge was really hard to follow . I can see what they where trying to do but I dont think it worked at all . Oh and this movie is not at all acurate it is based on a novel written about 2 detectives and real facts about the case and the murder are few and far between . Overall i thought it was boring and really slow , Not worth buying , Maybe borrowing it from a friend or renting it .
 Brian de Palma , known for his gory and black themes , does n't give us anything new and different with -LRB- yet another -RRB- telling of the infamous `` Black Dahlia '' murder . Since nobody knows who killed Elizabeth Short , and since nothing in this film will change that , it 's a waste of your lifespan to view . I hoped for some new , unrevealed info , but found the covers done by A&E and even Unsolved Mysteries to be far more factual and interesting , without the seaminess .
 This was horrible ! It was just a big freakish mess . I thought there was going to be some sort of focus on figuring out who killed the girl . Instead is about a bunch of ... . I do n't know what !
 Based on the true story of the gruesome murder of Elizabeth Short in 1947 , THE BLACK DAHLIA is no homage to the young lady . It is n't even historically accurate.Film noir really should be restricted to black and white . Director Brian DePalma -LRB- who has created a very uneven body of work over the years -RRB- knows this , and so he tries to create atmospherics in THE BLACK DAHLIA by switching between B & W and color . It does n't help.Baby-faced Josh Hartnett , who still looks like he should be doing teen fare , is hideously miscast as a cop in 1940s LA who is trying to unravel the truth behind the gruesome murder-mutilation of the young would-be starlet . Hartnett 's role cries out for granite-faced grit and toughness -LRB- think Sam Spade -RRB- but instead we get Mr. John Q. Sensitivity . Aaron Eckert , who plays his partner , is similarly fresh-faced . Neither of these guys even has stubble on their chins . I doubt they shave , even in real life.Scarlett Johanssen plays their shared girlfriend . Johanssen , who usually gives it her all onscreen , starts out strong , but , realizing this film is a turkey , decides to save her energy for a better day.The best performance of the film belongs to Hilary Swank , who is lush , lustful and convincing , not to mention Ava Gardner gorgeous , in her uninhibited role as a sex kitten . But even the presence of the two-time Oscar winner does not redeem this film which meanders unevenly and oft-times pointlessly through its dim , confused storyline , which includes outre sex , drugs , murder , family scandal , money , multiple betrayals , and not one character worth saving.While all of the above are de riguer for film noir , merely flinging all these elements together in a heap and adding a few fedoras for flavor does not a movie make . Motive is missing , as is real tension , hence the real darkness that makes a film truly noir . Without a clear-cut story , and with just too many subplots , THE BLACK DAHLIA becomes a waste of time . In the end , you just do n't give a damn whodunit .
 Wait , is that the sound of James Ellroy I hear , tuning in his grave ? This movie sucks . It seems to have it all , plot , actors , Director , but completely misses . De Palma must have been asleep for most of the movie , the performances are appalling from actors who are capable of better.Maybe it 's a paid advertisement for the cigarette industry ? The only characters who do n't smoke throughout are the dog and the corpse!What a waste of a great , great book .
 The murder and dismemberment of Elizabeth Short remains North America 's most infamous murder . But if you want to know anything about it head for the library . This film will do nothing to enlighten you.In addition to a murky script the casting is so strange that the viewer is left wonder why should anyone care?When a historical event is choosen for the basis of s script the writer and director have the obligation to make a film that at least partially partains to the event . In this case no one rose to the challenge.There are so many fascinating twists to the Black Dahalia case that even a novice could make a good film about the killing . Was Elizabeth Short a hermaphrodite and thus incapable of consumating the numerous affairs she is alleged to have had ? Was Elizabeth Short blackmailing some prominient man and he turned on her and savagely slaughtered her in revenge ? Was the killer of Elizabeth Short a sexual sadist with a string of bodies to his credit or was he the father of a neglected son who later turned the old man over to the police , after the father 's death of course?Want an answer ? Do n't expect to find it in the Black Dahalia .
 I check this movie out at the library . I agree with the negative reviews of this film . It was awful and boring . Very poor plot .
 i watched this with my friends because I had n't seen a new movie for a long time , as I am a classic film fan -LRB- pre-1955 -RRB- and i think this movie is pretty terrible . it 's worse than Reefer Madness -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . read the book instead . the one star is for the very 1940 's style . i loved it . but this movie made me glad i like classics , because `` Black Dahlia '' is a very unwholsome movie about a time when Hollywood made nice , wholsome movies . sad to see that the quality of movies have gone down so much in the past 50/45 years , and this picture is proof of that . i mean , come on , i 'm a kid and even i know that films today are getting worse and worse and that 's why the theaters are n't as packed !
 Brian De Plma was one of my favorites . his Scarface was a masterpiese and his previous film `` Femme Fatal '' Although had some problems in scenario , but was wery intresting and enjoyable till the end . But here we have a superflat , super boring movie ! I watched it cause i taught maybe it got better or had a surprise end . but it got worse and worse . Also the production had problems . God , Brian is getting old !
 My boyfriend and I attempted to watch this really bad attempt of a noir film last night , and we were so bored and disinterested that we turned it off halfway thorugh . Within the first fifteen monutes of the film I sat there trying to figure out what exactly was wrong with this film . I came up with the following : - Bad acting . Josh Harnett is basically just a pretty face because the guy has almost no emotion at all . Plus , the guy was too young for the role . It made me grimace . All the other actors were okay . They were directed badly so it 's not their fault they were in a bad movie.-Bad screenplay . The storyline made no sense at all . I was paying close attention to the plot and I could n't quite get what was going on . The written dialogue was just plain bad.All in all this was a really bad film . Avoid it . If De Palma wants to take another stab at a noir film he ought to at least have a decent screenplay the next time around .
 If the option of negative stars were available Id give this horrid film a negative 10 ! This movie had virtually NOTHING to do with the black Dahlia case save it mentioned it a few times !
 I watched this movie knowing full well it did NOT get good reviews . I decided to give it a chance to see how the movie version would unfold . Turns out , it did NOT unfold very well.I will go on record to say the Hilary Swank did a great job . I will see her in whatever film she does but the film should have stayed much closer to the book . I read the book and even though it was a fictional account , it was a really good book . The author , Ellroy , approved the movie and I do n't know why . The movie deviated from a much more provocative plot that was written in the book . This is one of those instances where the book truly is MUCH better than the film . I do believe they cast incorrectly some of the characters . Josh Harnett was good as Bucky but as Lee , I 'm not so sure that Aaron Eckhart was the best choice . I definitely believe that Scarlett Johansson was the wrong choice for the role of Kay Lake.All I have to say is read the book and then watch the movie and then see what you think . What would have happened had a director stuck closer to the book ? Would have been a much better film .
 Weird screenplay fulfilment of the novel.Hokey noir effort.Acting
 I was intrigued by a movie about the Black Dahlia murder , and thought I recall it getting decent reviews when it was in the theatres , but it was incredibly boring . Although I have n't read the book , it ca n't be as bad as this.Did they forget the movie was supposed to be about the Black Dahlia murder and the investigation ? Instead , they relegated that to a subplot in a ridiculously long - and bad - love triangle movie . The sole bright spot was the performance of Mia Kirshner as Elizabeth Short , but that is n't worth sitting through 2 hours . What a huge disappointment .
 THE MOVIE STARTS OUT PRETTY GOOD . THE FIRST TWENTY MINUTES OR SO ARE DECENT . THEN IT DIVES STRAIGHT DOWN LIKE A NUCLEAR MISSLE . BUT CRASHES MUCH LOUDER . THIS MOVIE IS HORRIBLE .
 I 'm not entirely sure how Scarlett Johansson and Hilary Swank were pulled into this one . Perhaps , like me , they were seduced by the mystery and intrigue of the real case of the Black Dahlia . Unfortunately , no one told these great actors that the best part of their being in this movie was the hairstyles . I wish someone had told me.It seems unlikely that a historical event with so much intrigue and drama could be made so incredibly boring . From the start , the film gave the old college try at using the classic film noir style . Unfortunately , Josh Hartnett 's voice overs sound as though he has a mouth full of marbles . Apparently he mistook mumbling for brooding intensity . Aaron Eckhart , Hartnett 's partner in the film , has wild mood swings which are not explained until much later in the film -- and not very well even then . Johansson and Swank are very shiny plastic Barbie dolls with overly-rehearsed voices that they must have been directed to use.An hour into the film , I was very confused . Is this a film about a love triangle ? About boxing ? The zoot suit riots ? Is it a cop drama ? Is it about cigarettes , for Pete 's sake ? Around that time , I took a break to fold laundry , without pausing the film . When I returned twenty minutes later , I asked my husband what I missed . He replied , `` I 'm not sure . I do n't think you missed anything . '' If you do n't see this film , that 's what you 'll be missing
 What can I say ? Amazon does n't allow a zero star or minus-star rating . This howler deserves all the ridicule heaped upon it.A cesspool of bad acting -LRB- with the exception of the Dahlia , herself -RRB- , incomprehensibly incompetent scripting , bad photography masquerading as a noir piece , bad -LRB- make that phony looking -RRB- staging , indifferent directing , and molasses pacing.And yet the sum is worse than the parts . Amazing . DePalma should give back his Director 's Guild card after this turkey.Does it have any redeeming value ? Not really . Like the main review stated , it does have moments when you ca n't help but break into laughter due to the ineptitude of this `` film . '' Other than that , I felt like Oedipus - I wanted to pluck my eyes out.Minus 5 stars . One of the worst movies ever made , and all the worse because of the resources available to the makers .
 I only wish I saw the reviews before I bought the DVD . I happen to like Josh Hartnett and the list of the cast looked good . But the movie cheats at every point.It tries to look like a serious `` noir '' but then smth like Swank 's heroine comes forward and it starts looking like a cheap comedy . Or Fiona Shaw with her histrionics - as somebody already noted here , it is so bad that it is actually fascinating to a certain point.Yohansson is two-dimensional -LRB- she usually is -RRB- and others are lucky if they reach even 2 dimensions.The overall impression was no-logic , no-visuals , and really cheap .
 I have no idea why there has to be yet another take on the Black Dahlia , and Brian De Palma seems to have completely lost any ability to make remotely interesting anything anymore.To top it off , I do n't know what Hollywood sees in Hilary Swank at all . First of all , are they all blind . This is not a sexy attractive woman and yet she plays a femme fatale in this.Throw in the whole Scarlett Johansson , Josh Harnett , Aaron Eckhart what is the deal with them ? Are they living a polyamorous lifestyle ? It 's never fully revealed and I could n't figure out if it was implied or what it had to do with anything . She 's wasted in this role and she should have played the femme fatale character.Anyway , it 's a complete mess and looks as flat as a made-for-TV movie.Could we put to rest any more Black Dahlia movies . Was n't the 1975 movie Who Is The Black Dahlia starring Efrem `` FBI '' Zimbalist Jr. enough ?
 I first took an interest in the Black Dahlia after watching `` Hollywood 's Most 20 Horrifying Murders '' on E. I then purchased this DVD out of curiosity . All I can say is - BIG MISTAKE !!! I was expectiing a biography of Elizabeth Short , along with the murder & aftermath . However , the movie only touched on this subject now & then . It made no sense to me whatsoever . All in all , I was disappointed , very disappointed in this film.After watching this film , I then threw the DVD in the garbage .
 This movie is slow , boring , and poorly acted and even worse it was a constant stream of every actor in every scene talking about and smoking CONSTANTLY !! It was so distracting that I could not even finish the movie . I mean I am pretty sure the novel did not have pages and pages of characters smoking - I realize this is a timepiece but come on - who financed this movie ? Phillip Morris !!???
 The topic of the movie is fascinating , to bad no one told the film crew . At first I wanted to blame the screen play writer but the more I considered this , I think it is very possible that the film editor should be shot . Everyone involved with this movie probably is embarrassed by their affiliation , if they are n't , they should be!We are never told why the deceased was referred to Black Dahlia , important point since they keep calling her that . We never identify with her life or the loss of it . Additionally , I have watched the A&E ; investigation that was more interesting.I wondered why the two police officers and the woman they both love are the focus of the movie , after all do n't we want to solve a crime?The unfocused choppiness of the movie reminded me of someone telling a story while under the influence of heavy narcotics . It was vague in some areas while other non-related issues were addressed with fervor.I kept hoping it would get better but it never happened.Don ' t waste your time or money getting this one , read the book .
 It had all the ingredients of a great movie -- sex , corruption , murder and a noir atmosphere.So how , how HOW did it go wrong ? Instead of the real-life murder thriller of the year , `` The Black Dahlia '' ended up being a turgid , incomprehensible mess that flops madly around like an epileptic fish . `` LA Confidential , '' this ai n't -- it 's more of a flaccid stagger into the real-life story of a gruesome murder , without much to make us care what happens.Dwight `` Bucky '' Bleichert -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- and Leland `` Lee '' Blanchard -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- are boxer/cops , and are on a stakeout when the dismembered , disfigured body of a young woman is found -- blood drained , chopped in half , and mutilated all over . The public becomes increasingly obsessed with who killed the starlet , nicknamed the `` Black Dahlia . `` So Bucky and Lee start investigating who killed the Black Dahlia , prowling through lesbian bars and learning the seedy details of what happened to the girl , with tragic results for the partners . Who killed the Black Dahlia , and why ? The answers are even more shocking.And boring . `` The Black Dahlia '' is crammed with stuff to titillate and shock -- stag films , incest , lesbian pairings -LRB- for a pretty silly reason , actually -RRB- , and Scarlett Johansson in 1940s lingerie . But it ends up doing the exact reverse -- it stupefies . Like a beautiful painting , it does n't actually move or show anything really happening -- it just sits there , looking pretty.The first half is a pretty ordinary murder thriller , a la `` L.A. Confidential '' -- it 's all very glitzy and grimy , and fairly easy to understand . Serial killer , pretty girl killed gruesomely , and two cops out to find out whodunnit . Right , that 's fine . But when the guys start prowling through lesbian bars , the plot ties itself into a snarly knot , and gets more and more incomprehensible as Harnett rattles through the staggery storylines.Admittedly Brian De Palma juices this up with beautiful vintage costumes , sets and other stunning visuals . But by the ending , nothing makes sense -- and along the way , we have to deal with tepid subplots like the boxing -LRB- what ? -RRB- and Bucky gallantly rejecting Lee 's girlfriend 's advances . It only complicates an incomprehensible plot , with turgid , forgettable dialogue -LRB- '' I do n't get modern art . '' `` I doubt modern art gets you , either '' -- what ? -RRB- . Harnett looks wooden and confused , as if he 's just been told to `` play it like Bogart '' and he has no idea who that is . Eckhart tries his best , and he 's an excellent actor even in a bad movie -- but Lee is a character with no logical thought processes , and Johansson basically is there to look busty and have sex with Harnett.Lame neo-noir with a twist of tepidity , `` The Black Dahlia '' takes what could have been a promising movie , and turns it into a Gordian knot of absurd subplots and horrible twists .
 What could have been an interesting murder mystery , was nothing but a confusing and slow crawl down old Hollywood .
 Following a thorough review of my experience watching The Black Dahlia , I have concluded that the reason this film does n't work is
 First off , this movie does not concentrate on the Black Dahlia killing . Instead , it presents the story of two cops that are sort of trying to solve the killing , but are instead distracted by everything else . This is yet another crass Hollywood attempt to cash in on a name . The book `` Black Dahlia Avenger '' has been a bestseller for some time now , but this movie comes nowhere close to what the book is .
 Well , not to beat a dead horse , but ... eh , why not?My hopes for this movie were high . I love murder mysteries , fiction or non-fiction . What better murder case to do a movie about then the BLACK DAHLIA ? This is one of the most notorious and high profile yet to be solved murders in history . The suspects . The crime scene . The girl . The whys . Who was she ? Why was she there and how did she end up neatly and surgically severed in half on the side of the road?Well , if you watch this movie , you 'll still be wondering because Elizabeth Short i.e. . THE BLACK DAHLIA , is a SIDE STORY ! That 's right . There is so little time spent on the murder mystery and the evidence of the crime that my wife and I joked , `` no wonder the crime has never been solved . `` I 'm not sure of the exact time , but it was at least 40 minutes into the film before they even found the body.In short , the movie should not have been called THE BLACK DAHLIA . The Black Dahlia is just a ploy to get you into the theatre in order to watch a movie about two ex-boxers and friends who are in love with the same girl and smoke a lot of cigarettes . They stumble across the very minimal clues that lead to the ridiculous and fictionalized ending.This was a hugely disappointing and boring waste of a potentially great premise for a film.I 'm a fan of James Elroy , but in the special features he says that he 's paying homage to Elizabeth Short with this film . I think they call it CAPITALIZING , because that 's what this is . It does n't explore the murder at all . It does n't explore the whys . We do n't even get to know who Elizabeth Short was . Then to make matters worse , they came up with a fictionalized ending that does n't do anybody any justice , especially not the viewer ... who 's most likely asleep by the that time anyway .
 What a waste of time and money . The bad acting did n't help . But I guess I should have known that anything with Josh Harnett is going to be bad . It 's an unsolved mystery so there is no twist or anything . Very hard to follow because it 's so slow .
 What a waste of time and money . The movie was ok but I purchased the movie with intentions of learning more about the Black Dahlia unsolved mystery not about the two investigators life . The movie was almost nothing in regards to the Black Dahlia and it seemed what it did cover was based on no facts whatsoever . This movie was dramatized Hollywood style and used a famous unsolved murder to gain interest . Again the movie had some great actors and was ok of a movie . But it did go in so many directions my head was spinning after watching . Speaks alot about the book the movie was based on . So much for that one .
 I 'm glad to see all the negative reviews concerning this film . There 's hope after all for those who post their reviews here . The `` Editorial Review '' says it all concerning this film . I was 13 years old when Elizabeth Short was murdered & I was living in L.A. where it occurred . It became traumatic for me because I had met one of the apparent suspects & could n't discuss it when the police questioned me because it involved a personal friend . The book upon which this very badly made film is only loosely based is itself only loosely based on the actual murder case - but it is much more so than this film is.The title is a misnomer . The film is actually about a fictional L.A. police investigator .
 The Black Dahlia is an extremely disappointing movie . Adapted from the James Ellroy book of the same name , it uses a real life grisly murder in LA as the backdrop for what should have been a fine suspenseful , mystery.Instead , this movie is one of the slowest and mind numbingly boring films I 've seen in a long time . The plot not only unfolds at a glacial pace , but the connection between scenes makes it difficult for the viewer to easily follow what is going on . Yes , it 's supposed to be a mystery , but even the logical links that the viewer should be catching are hard to follow as the editing , pacing , and direction of the movie are terribly executed . The movie does eventually come together in an utterly undramatic , unrewarding , but merciful -LRB- for the viewer -RRB- end.A definite thumbs down for the entire production .
 `` Brian De Palma does n't just know how to make a camera move ; he can seduce it to do a sinuous dance . So The Black Dahlia looks and flows great , dripping with the 1940s crime-thriller atmosphere that James Ellroy described in his 1987 novel . On other levels -- plot -LRB- overstuffed -RRB- , suspense -LRB- muted -RRB- , acting -LRB- Hilary Swank as a femme fatale ? Please ! -RRB- , posing -LRB- Scarlett Johansson plays dress-up as a mini Lana Turner -RRB- , sex -LRB- it 's all before and after -RRB- -- the movie is a bust . The setup is this
 The Black Dahlia may be one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time . Brian De Palma 's directing is among the worst in Hollywood -LRB- at least Michael Bay is entertaining -RRB- . De Palma makes such an abysmal mess of this story that I wonder if he was n't sued for purposely train-wrecking James Ellroy 's novel by the same name . Since there 's nothing much positive to say about the movie , let 's spend some time ridiculing its many faults.First , De Palma manages to preempt every actor 's attempt to dramatize the incoherent script and stock noir dialogue . Scarlett Johansson is given absolutely nothing to do , and De Palma films her doing nothing . Her character comes off as entirely irrelevant . She wears the same color outfits throughout the entire movie . She looks like a throw pillow designed to accent the wallpaper and sofa rather than a character in a movie.The royal pool boy , Josh Hartnett , is miscast as the brooding Dwight `` Bucky '' `` Mr. Ice '' Bleichert -LRB- yes , he has three first names -RRB- . Hartnett is too pretty to be moody and too young to be a believable noir male lead . The noir male has seen everything . He does n't cry . He looks rough , has a cold stare , and says tough things . Hartnett does none of these convincingly until the very end of the film , when most sane people have already taken the movie back to the store to rent Beerfest to get the bad taste out of their mouths.While most of the cast is comprised of character actors and miscast noir stock , the only actor who comes away unscathed is Mia Kirshner -LRB- who plays Elizabeth Short , the Black Dahlia herself -RRB- . She understands that her character is a corpse , and she engages the audience 's sympathy directly . And she manages this with bad dialogue from a screen test for a porno film . The other lead actors fail to create believable characters , and her fine performance seems wasted.The earth tone palette of everything in the movie -LRB- costumes , furniture , buildings , lighting , etc. -RRB- fails as a 1940s faade . Why must films from the era of the American gangster be compulsively drenched in sepia and silhouetted by smoky shadows?De Palma and his editor , Bill Pankow , really need to quit working together . Neither is able to piece the story together in a convincing manner . Three stories are lined up side-by-side
 It is hard to believe that Brian DePalma directed this film . The best thing that you can say about the film is that the period sets , clothes and language are well done . Unfortunately , the film is grossly miscast , terribly confusing and the title is misleading . The Black Dahlia murder is almost a mere footnote in this film . Most of the story focuses on the lives of 2 cops that stumble into the Dahlia crime scene . Josh Hartnett just wanders through the film and Hilary Swank is horribly miscast as a femme fatale . The plot is so confusing that , by the end of the film , you just want all the characters to die . This film makes your brain hurt . Sorry , Brian .
 I went into this movie with high expectations and was extremely disappointed . Not only do I wish I had n't spent money to see it , I want the precious time spent watching it back . Absolutely ridiculous acting -LRB- I blame it on the director because these actors are usually very good -RRB- and the story line jumps around so much you ca n't even keep track of what is going on .
 This movie is total and complete rubbish . People were actually walking out . My head hurts . Do n't waste your valuable time or money to torture yourself by watching this .
 Brian De Palma is one of the most frustrating working directors . Though prolific , he 's yet to make a great movie and has many disasters to his name . His particular specialty is reverse alchemy , De Palma takes movies that might have been great and snatches failure from the jaws of victory . He came closest to excellence in The Untouchables , but if you remove Sean Connery from that film what you have left is Kevin Costner doing his best to impersonate a petrified oak . Performances that bad are always the director 's fault . You simply can not strike the set until you have what you need in the can . The Black Dahlia is a virtual primer on the inadequacies that have dogged De Palma 's career.Instead of a coherent , interesting screenplay with characters worth caring about , what you have is the empty artifice of cinema - period clothing , architecture , cars , and idiomatic speech . For a while that 's all engaging enough to help you overlook the lack of story . When you do start wondering what 's going on , what you discover is a handful of unrelated plotlets tossed into a blender and reassembled . Police corruption , two friends who boxed , a romantic triangle , the unfortunate aspiring starlet known as The Black Dahlia , K.D. Lang , and a fabulously rich family so absurdly eccentric it 's over the top even by Hollywood standards . Since it 's De Palma , naturally there is grotesque , gratuitous violence , but because we never know anything about the perpetrators even that fails to generate a jolt . What happened to the real life Elizabeth Short is horrifying beyond all reason ; only De Palma 's tepid detachment could make such extreme cruelty dull.As Detective Lee Blanchard , Aaron Eckhart comes closest to delivering an actual performance . By contrast , Josh Hartnett , as his partner , is both dreadfully miscast and downright difficult to watch . Scarlett Johansson and Hilary Swank - both highly skilled in their craft - seem to be sleepwalking through caricatures rather than playing actual people . In numerous scenes they are out-acted by what they 're wearing . This appalling waste of talent must be blamed entirely on De Palma . Only Mia Kirshner saves the day , appearing posthumously in short B&W ; audition films where she is speaking directly to the camera . As Elizabeth Short - The Black Dahlia - she is the film 's tragic heart . In better hands , a script , and a movie , could have been built out from this center - then perhaps it would have been about a person , instead of being a dog 's breakfast of Hollywood stereotypes and cliches.As a final note . You simply have n't experienced bad directing until you see Fiona Shaw 's swansong , she makes Al Pacino look like Marcel Marceau . De Palma 's ability to find funding time and again does make one wonder if he has extremely incriminating photos in a safe deposit box . Should have called it The Black Dullia .
 You would think that a movie with such talented young performers , would have been a hit . You could n't be further from the truth . This movie missed out in so many areas , I do n't know where to begin . Let 's start with a quick summary . We are introduced to 2 cops , one a young rookie -LRB- Josh -RRB- and the other a vet murder detective -LRB- Aaron -RRB- that meet in the boxing ring and later become partners by some more then coincidental circumstances . As the film slowly moves through fictional events in time , we get to the real-life death of wannabe actress Elizabeth Short or as she more famously became known as `` The Black Dahlia . '' The film then explores the author 's version of what really happend to this poor young lady and the question that still haunts people today , `` who done it ? '' Through out the film we are introduced to a number of boring characters such as Scarlet who is Aaron 's love interest but becomes Josh 's infatuation as well . Aaron 's character becomes possessed if you will be solving this murder , a possession that eventually leads to his demise and the truth finally coming out.To the casual reader , this movie made sound fairly interesting and worth checking out . However , to those of us who have already been tortured by it , we can surely tell you , you are not missing much . The story is for lack of a better word boring , it takes forever to get Short 's story and even longer to solve the crime . The plot has some many twists in it , that viewers will find themselves in a seizer trying to stay with it.I was very surprised how much this film left to be desired and almost wish that the author had stuck to fact and not his pathetic attempt at making it interesting .
 First of all , it is SLOW , very SLOW . I thought it was about 6 hours long - which gave me plenty of time to think . Did DaPalma think he was taking Chinatown and and L.A. Confidential and throwing them in a blender with a real-life hollywood mystery tacked on ? Not a good move . This is as tedious as they come . H. Swank should be forced to return her two Oscars . Her over-the-top -LRB- unintentionally hillarious -RRB- performance makes Faye Dunaway in Mommie Dearest look subtle . Nobody else fares any better . I think they brought back Gloria Swanson to play Swank 's mother ! Save your time and money . Or put it on when you need a good long nap !
 The Black Dahlia -LRB- Brian de Palma , 2006 -RRB- What surprised me most about The Black Dahlia was not that Brian DePlama phoned it in , since he 's done that with the majority of the movies he 's made in his career , and certainly everything he 's done since Raising Cain . It was also not that most of the principals in this movie were at best miscast . It was n't even that the movie ended up not really being about the Black Dahlia case in any more than a subplot . No , upon reflection , I ca n't even say that the thing that most surprised me about it was that we had to have a twenty-minute `` and so I have you all gathered in the room , and I shall now reveal who the killer is ! '' sequence . No , the thing that most surprised me about The Black Dahlia was that the crew who made this movie could , consciously or not , attempt a straight remake of L. A. Confidential and come up so hideously , horribly short.And yes , this might as well have been a remake of L. A. Confidential . All the same basic fetishes are there -LRB- though whether one can blame James Ellroy for this or those who adapt his books to the screen choosing to emphasize some points of his writing I do n't know , as I 've never read James Ellroy -RRB- . The movie unfolds in the same manner , and the basic premise is so similar you could put Guy Pearce and Russell Crowe in Aaron Eckhart and Josh Hartnett 's roles and no one would know the difference . In fact , you 'd probably have come up with a better movie ; Josh Hartnett brings all the weight of obsession to this role that Jack Nicholson did to his in Sean Penn 's woefully ineffective adaptation of The Pledge five years previous . Aaron Eckhart does a better job with the obsession angle , but he seems to have a problem getting anything else to work . There 's the celebrity-lookalike angle , though Mia Kirshner and Hilary Swank , as has been commented on by , I believe , everyone who has reviewed this movie to date , look about as much alike as do a great dane and a haddock . -LRB- You decide which is which . -RRB- And , of course , there 's the claustrophobic thirties cinematography . But where L. A. Confidential fires on every cylinder , The Black Dahlia is still trying to get out of the gate . Everything about it says it 's a cheaper , low-rent knockoff . And then , of course , you get the `` oh , this is how I solved the crime '' phase , which should be outlawed in movies , and that just puts the cap on it.Could 've been such a good movie . And ended up so mediocre . *
 The many critics of this film , both in the national press and on Amazon , are right , in spades ; De Palma 's picture 's one of the weakest of his wildly uneven career . I 'm a great fan of THE MAN WHO LAUGHS , but I defy anyone unfamiliar with that film to sort out its use in the present plot . And the dialogue 's so ridiculously stilted and stuffed with bad noir pastiche jargon , it 's frequently well-nigh incomprehensible . Poor , talented Fiona Shaw and the usually capable Scarlett Johansson will survive the wreck -- but please , ca n't we put Josh Harnett out of his -LRB- and our -RRB- misery ? He 's lame enough in contemporary pictures , but in period material , he 's so lightweight he vanishes onscreen in a crowd of two . Reading the other pans , I 'm surprised nobody 's ragged on the quality of the transfer . Universal generally does well with its DVDs , but my copy of this film had a greyed tone , lacking true , deep blacks -- surely an unforgivable sin for neo-noir ! What a missed opportunity .
 I 've read the other reviews and they are right.I was greatly disappointed in this movie . Mostly because I expect so much more from De Palma . He has turned out such classics in the genre as ` Dressed to Kill ' , ` Body Double ' and ` Snake Eye ' that I was eager to see how he handled the case of the Black Dahlia.In the end he does pull it all together and packages it up for you . However , this movie meanders and actually avoids the subject of the murder . It became so far from the point that I was actually considering turning it off . But I kept going out of curiosity.The plot of this movie grows so many branches it becomes difficult to track so you need to pay very close attention ... . even during the boring parts.This movie is based in the true story of Betty Short . Therefore liberties are limited . It would appear that works of fiction play out better for De Palma .
 First off let me say I have never thought Mr. De Palma was that great a director . He has made some good films -LRB- Carrie , the Untouchables , and even Mission Impossible -RRB- , but for the most part he seems to borrow -LRB- read steal -RRB- shots and ideas from Alfred Hitchcock -LRB- at least he steals from the best -RRB- and also likes to have a fluid moving camera to cover his lack of originality . Even with my feelings on him I felt he might be able to pull this compelling true murder case off and make it interesting . WRONG !!!!!! The film is lazy film making , he even allows the camera to just sit there for long stretches of time and builds absolutely no suspense to this tale . The actors seem to be trying hard but no one is able to raise above the weak and meandering script . The only one who turns in a great performance is the young woman playing the `` Dahlia '' . Seen in flashbacks and some sordid films , she brings more life to this movie than the others combined.I know this is based on a novel , but the thing i find the most unforgivable is they way they use Miss Short 's horrible death as the foundation for the movie and then trash the poor woman 's name by painting her out as a borderline Hooker/stag film star . Nowhere in the real facts was that ever found and in fact the true facts seem to be of little importance to the film makers . Miss Short died in a most gruesome way , why should she have her name pulled through the mud after the fact . This more than any of the other reasons is why I find the movie to be an insult to her , her family , and finally us . Look up the real tale and enlighten yourself about the case and see how they have done a disservice to her.I also find it iresponsable that they chose to `` solve '' this unsolved case , which is what Hollywood does best , Watch the film `` The Zodiac -LRB- 2007 -RRB- '' and see how a story about and unsolved crime can and should be handled.Once again Holly2wood rewrites history for it 's own gain and lets a young woman , who may have been less than a saint , be turned into a `` stag film '' star instead of the real person she was.NOT EVEN CLOSE TO A GOOD MOVIE !!!!!!!!!! If you like it , well I 'm happy for you and guess you will hate this review , , but this is how the movie came across to me .
 Anybody expecting to get a great account of the Black Dahlia case , even fictional , will be disappointed going in to this movie . Of course , I knew that it was a fictionalization of the case , but I had no idea the movie would present its own evidence and draw its own conclusions.They obviously did n't intend to make this a serious movie , but rather it was a cheap attempt to imitate a Film Noir sometimes , a TV mystery sometimes and then other times I do n't think they knew what they actually wanted to do.Although the film brings a clearcut finale rather than a vague puzzle , too many loose threads come together too neatly and rather than bringing the film to a satisfactory conclusion , it leaves you scratching your head , is this what I spent the last 2 hours waiting to hear ? Overall , there is too much plot , too little character development and a wildly uneven tone . The movie has its moments but it 's a blinding mess all together .
 The film fails primarily for the reasons most bad films do - no screenplay of quality , and not because it is fictional and not about its titular subject , although a bit of fidelity to the real case could not have hurt . That said , even had the film been well acted , it is so convoluted and off subject that it bores , despite a plethora of needless narrative convolutions -LRB- see above -RRB- , bad attempts at symbolism -LRB- Blanchard and Bleichert are known as Fire and Ice -RRB- , shocking twists -LRB- when Blanchard is killed , his body is cremated in the building he died in by a gangster - why ? -RRB- , dull and pointless subplots -LRB- too many to enumerate -RRB- , red herrings -LRB- again , too numerous -RRB- , camp -LRB- Bleichert laying Kay on the kitchen table , after ripping away the tablecloth and dishes , or wearing his fedora in bed with Madeleine -RRB- , loose ends -LRB- as if his shooting of Madeleine - a socialite , would not generate more press than the Dahlia 's murder ever did -RRB- , and ` unexpected ' revelations -LRB- again , too many -RRB- . What part of this mess lies with Ellroy 's book -LRB- whose earlier book , L.A. Confidential , was turned into a truly great film ten years ago , by Curtis Hanson -RRB- , and how much blame belong to Friedman and De Palma , is unclear , but one wonders how De Palma -LRB- always a lightweight compared to contemporaries like Martin Scorsese and Francis Ford Coppola -RRB- ever even got tagged with the label that he was Alfred Hitchcock 's heir apparent -LRB- at best -RRB- and imitator -LRB- at worst -RRB- . Regardless , after an atrocity like this , the dead fat man may be rising out of his grave to smite De Palma - that would make for a better film , actually!His most famous films - Scarface , Carrie , Body Double , The Untouchables , Carlito 's Way - are all either campy messes , imitations of his better peers and classic films noir , or films that try to be noirish mysteries , and while The Black Dahlia is not as bad as Johnny Depp 's Jack The Ripper film , From Hell , it 's close . Too many details without relevance , payoff , or purpose sink the movie , and its insistence on imitating 1940s films rather than reality -LRB- which includes a focus on its titular subject matter -RRB- buries it even more deeply . Yes , Scarlett Johansson looks good , but other than her piece of eye candy -LRB- Swank , by contrast , has always looked butch -RRB- , the film has little else going for it , so move over , The Bonfire Of The Vanities , there 's a new contender in De Palma 's pantheon of bad films , and this one 's ... oh , to hell with it . This review is done .
 I am a big fan of true crime stories . I was afraid to watch this movie due to how gory the real case was , but I thought I 'd give it a shot - I found the case facts fascinating.Unfortunately , the movie was incredibly boring . I could only sit through half an hour before I had to turn it off - I hardly ever do that . Even if a movie is bad , I tend to sit through it just so I can say I watched the whole thing . But this movie was SO slow and confusing and just totally bizarre.The way it was filmed and cut together made no sense to me and it hardly even dealt with the murder ; it was more about some moron cop . I 'd rather hear about the killer . I do n't recommend this movie at all and I 'm surprised anyone else could sit through it , let alone give it a five-star rating.If you 're anything like me - a true crime lover - steer clear of this movie .
 Take Raymond Chandler 's noir `` slumming streets '' of 1940s Los Angeles , a few tough cops who may or may not be `` on the take '' , more `` dishy '' dames than you can take a stick at all trying to make their way to Hollywood 's big time , big screen any way they can . Throw in money , sexual desire , sexual perversion , some stolen scenes from other noir films and you have `` Black Dahlia '' . No , not Chandler 's `` Blue Dahlia '' there is too much visual , up-front violence , too little worthy dialogue , and too little character development for that but all the other elements are there to produce an some what entertaining mystery that will keep you guessing a little , if you can keep your eyes off those `` dishy '' dames , Hilary Swank and Scarlett Johansson , -LRB- or , depending on your preference , those `` dishy '' guys -RRB- . That in the end is probably the reason to see this thing . It does have that great ` 40s background music to set the mood , though . You know , if you are a noir fan what I mean .
 This review is for adults only to read!This movie is based around the real-life grisly murder of Elizabeth Short.From Massachusetts , she had moved back to Florida for the winters and on to California . She was engaged to Major Matthew Gordon Jr , but he died before he could returned to the United States . She returned to Southern California in July 1946 to see an old boyfriend she knew in Florida . She lived in at least a dozen homes during those six months . She was last seen on January 9 , 1947 and had been missing until they found her body January 15 , 1947 . Laying in an empty lot at the 3800 block of S. Norton Avenue , Los Angeles , her nude body mutilated , cut in half at the waist separated apart , blood drained and body washed , slashed breasts , cigarette burns , bashed head , mouth cut , deep triangular gouge in her thigh to remove a rose tatto she had . Rope burns on wrists . She was tortured.There were 22 District Attorney suspects investigated . Hundreds of people interviewed . The case is still unsolved.If the killer or killers are still alive , he or she would be a very old person now.Brian DePalma -LRB- Body Double -RRB- along with writer James Ellroy and Universal Pictures offer their version of The Black Dahlia murder mystery.DVD has option of English , Spanish , French and English , Spanish , French subtitles . 3 featurettes.In the Kenneth Anger book , `` Hollywood Babylon II '' , are 3 pages of the real , very graphic , close-up photographs of Elizabeth Short 's mutilated body at the crime scene.In the film , all of the murder photographs have been remade fake by the studio , expect for one photograph that Josh Hartnett looks through . One autopsy photograph of the real Elizabeth Short is real.Today , an apartment building stands on the site .
 GROWING UP WITH DEPALMA , DIGESTING HIS NEO-HITCHCOCKIAN MATRIX HAPPILY , APPROVING POSTERITY WITH HIS INCREDIBLE ABILITY BEHIND THE CAMERA , WHEN YOU EXPERIENCE SUCH RESULTS OF NOW YOU HAVE TO SAY HIS DAY IS PROBABLY GONE-HOW SAD GROPING IS ! BLACK DAHLIA IS NOT REALLY WORTH THE INVESTMENT.SEE L.A. CONFIDENTIAL OF WHICH MR. DEPALMA STUDIED AS WELL TRYING TO SURPASS THAT MASTERPIECE FAILING INSTEAD . TO MUCH CALCULATION ! DON ROBERTS , NEW YORK
 The Bottom Line : The Black Dahlia often looks good -LRB- some of its scenes are in fact spectacular -RRB- but it 's so unbelievably over the top and convoluted that it has to be seen to beleived ; a colossal waste of talent and money , the film is only recommended to those who enjoy watching cinematic train wrecks .
 I gave this movie 1 star because I was unable to give it negative stars . This story has VERY little to do with the Black Dahlia . Naming it that it that was merely the hook -LRB- false hook at that -RRB- to generate interest !
 In the interest of full disclosure , I have never been a Brian DePalma fan . I have always considered DePalma to be very much a `` style over substance '' director . I have also not read Ellroy 's novel , so I can not speak to the faithfulness of the adaptation . With all of this in mind , this is not a movie which I normally would have seen , but the impassioned advocacy of a few fervent Amazon reviewers persuaded me to ignore the multitudes of people who bashed this movie , and give it a try.To be fair , it is n't as bad a movie as some have said , but it can see bad from where it 's standing . Also , the point that this is a roughly 3-hour movie edited down to 2 hours is a point well taken , but I would point out that DePalma surely must have known that there was no way he could get the studio 's blessing for a 3-hour movie & should have proceeded accordingly.Nonetheless , one has to take the movie as it is , not for what it could have been . As it is , there seem to be a nearly infinite number of plot lines , which meander around in search of a sustained narrative for 100 minutes , only to be frantically resolved by a series of monologues in the last 20 minutes ... ie , `` This is what I did , this is how I did it , and this is why I did it , '' repeated several times during the race to the finish . The monologues are only slightly less goofy than most of the dialogue that is found throughout the movie . Many of these characters seem to have a penchant for repeating themselves . `` How could this happen ? How could this happen ? `` Some of this might have been improved with better casting . Aaron Eckhart 's twitchy antics grow tiresome quickly and almost seem to border on caricature . Josh Hartnett seems so impossibly bland that one has to wonder how he could possibly have made his character even remotely compelling . As it is , he makes Bucky Bleichert dull & uninteresting , to the point that I really did n't care what happened to him towards the end . Scarlett Johansson & Hilary Swank are adequate , but Johansson -LRB- whom I normally like -RRB- seemed uncomfortable in this role . Other performances -LRB- in particular that of Fiona Shaw 's -RRB- simply seemed cartoonish.Looming over all of this is Brian DePalma 's determination to show us how great he is with the use of shadows , camera angles and the like , but he simply beats the viewer over the head with it . Some people may not get the comparison , but it reminds me of how Leonard Bernstein used to conduct Mahler ... it always seemed to be more about Lennie than about the music , and he was always trying to make the point of what a great Mahler interpreter he was rather than letting the music simply speak for itself . So it is with this movie , where it almost seems as though DePalma is leaning over your shoulder , saying `` OK , look at how I use the lighting and the backdrop here , '' and `` Look at how I rotate the camera 180 degrees to create this transitional moment . '' He is so preoccupied with making this movie as `` noirish '' as can be , that he forgot to make it sure that it was at least coherent.As I said earlier , not as bad as some might describe , but definitely not good at all . I should have listened to the nay-saying multitudes after all .
 Over the years I have admired the work of director Brian DePalma , even if he patterned many of his films in the shadow of Alfred Hitchcock . CARRIE , DRESSED TO KILL and BODY DOUBLE are some of my favorite thrillers . But there is little of DePalma 's visionary direction in this tepid thriller . In fact , so much time is spent on the rivalry between the two detectives that little focus is actually on the murder itself . The script is contrived and puzzling ; the performances are far from what you would expect
 My friend has a minor talking role in this , so I downloaded it to see my friend , and because I admire some of De Palma 's past work . The film displayed plenty of talent in all areas except script . I lost interest by the halfway point , and watched through the end only because of my personal connection . Plot resolution was implausible , even if it 's based on fact . Characters fell apart .
 Even though it is still one of California 's unsolved murders , the whole Elizabeth Short case can be told in about 60 seconds . So making a 2 hour movie would be quite a feat . That 's why the director factored the L.A. `` Zoot Suit '' riots of 1943 , a boxing match , the killing of black pimps and prostitutes who were minding their own business , the dysfunctional love affair between Scarlett Johansson 's character and Josh Harnett 's partner , a bunch of very chic lesbians , and the bizarre wealthy family of a bi-sexual Hilary Swank -LRB- does her mother have Parkinson 's or is that the actress ' idea of an alcoholic socialite ? -RRB- We did n't hear about the murder until 20 minutes had passed and only then because it happened on the street behind the pimp shoot-out . Somehow the `` first responders '' on the Black Dahlia crime scene did n't hear all of that gun fire on the other side of the building . Instead of going to the rescue of their fellow officers , they and a dozen reporters stood transfixed on the naked body in the park . So much for `` Officer down ! Send back-up ! '' The best thing about this movie was the autopsy which was done in a compelling narrative by a jowly M.E. That 's about all we learned about this murder victim who was made out to be a slut who slept with men AND women in exchange for a sandwich or pair of nylons . In fact , there was not one woman in this movie who was not depicted as prostitute , golddigger , or tramp . Only the lesbians had class and dignity - and there is a gang of them ! -LRB- Look for an uncredited k.d. lang in a great piece of camp . -RRB- Hartnett has the charisma of a grape . Johansson fits right in during an era when 20 year-old women looked like they were 35 . But she handles a lame role like a pro . I do n't know why Swank was even in the area . And that accent ! I could n't figure out if she was a `` Valley Girl '' or a Nazi!Many of facts of the murder are wrong - Elizabeth Short 's dad did n't live in Los Angeles - he lived in Vallejo , a good 8 hour drive north , 30 miles above San Francisco . Here he lives right down the street . Nothing was said about his staging him a suicide and sneaking off to Vallejo , abandoning Elizabeth 's mother with 5 girls to raise alone in Massachusetts . He surfaced years later , trying to reunite with his wife , who declined . The `` Zoot Suit Riots '' were in 1943 and the Dahlia case was in 1947 . Here they all happened within a few months . I understand `` literary license '' but here it was n't used to make an existing story better - it was used to try to create something which was n't much to start with.The production has a great `` film noir '' feel - I was expecting Mickey Spillane to walk in . But this movies should have just been `` FILM NO '' ! Brian De Palma , what were you thinking ?
 Brian De Palma 's `` The Black Dahlia '' is like a beautiful sports car with no engine under the hood
 This film should not have been titled `` The Black Dahlia '' . It should have been title `` Josh Hartnett bangs everyone 's girl / with brief appearances/mentionings of The unsolved murder of Elizabeth Short / aka
 Wow - I did n't know they still made movies this bad . I knew Brian De Palma 's reputation had taken a beating in the last decade or so , but I really understand why now . This was easily the worst movie I had seen in a long time . And a warning for anyone who is interested in seeing this film because of the real Black Dahlia murder
 The first thing that struck me about this movie is how forced and amatuerish the acting is in this film . this film is trying so hard to be noirish that the dialogue comes across as pretentcious and ridiculous . And whats up with scarlet johansen ? this is the second film in a row that i have seen her in where her acting has been wooden and just plain bad ! it looks like she has no range at all . her acting looks like something straight out of a highschool play . josh harnett is totally lost in the lead role and clearly does not have the acting chops to carry this film , and he is way too pretty to play the washed up fighter or the hard boiled cop . there is no chemistry between josh and scarlett . . the other actors in this film are so over the top that its painful to watch . even the great hillary swank is lost in her portrayal . brian depalma really mutilated this film . its a mess , dont even bother watching it .
 For a movie with so much promise and potential , the directors , writers , and screenplay adapters could not have gone more wrong . `` The Black Dahlia '' is a piece of film-noir garbage that does nothing to advance the genre but instead defames its very name . The only redeeming component of this film can be found in its all-star cast of screen celebrities , none of which can , despite their best efforts , revive this wretched reel from its well-deserved death . The story , composition , cinematography , and execution alike all fail to meet even the lowest of expectations and instead , make for a wholly underwhelming and lamentable experience . Pass on this one and save yourself both the time and money which are rightfully yours . Dahlia is an undeserving candidate for either .
 Despite his impressive visual style , Brian De Palma remains a hit-or-miss filmmaker . For every `` Dressed to Kill '' or `` The Untouchables , '' there 's a half-dozen misfires such as `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' and `` Snake Eyes . '' Unfortunately , `` The Black Dahlia '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- belongs in the latter category . This deliriously incoherent James Ellroy adaptation suffers from flat acting and lack of narrative focus . However , the Los Angeles period detail is spot on and film buffs will enjoy the references to director Paul Leni 's 1928 classic `` The Man Who Laughs . '' It 's a shame this watchable mess did n't work out better .
 With 150 reviews of this to date , it seems like overkill to add much more so I will be brief . Sometimes there is a tendency to hear the overwhelmingly negative consensus about an artistic project that one has hopes for and to start to imagine that somehow everyone has missed the boat , that somehow , there is a misunderstood gem that you will save and rediscover where everyone else is fixated on the wrong things.I am writing to assure you that this is not the case with the Black Dahlia . The emphasis in storyline is all wrong , the casting is puzzling and the acting similarly confused , the direction is not very inspired , and everything is all a bit too tired
 This is one of the worst films I have ever seen.The plot was confusing and the Black Dahlia played a VERYsmall part in the story . The main issue was the cops . Theacting was mediocre and meaningless . The plastic used tomake the DVDs would better be served making keyholders.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 Actually this movie has some good points . . like Hillary Swank . . although i honestly , she needs a new agent if this is the best he can do for her . As for Josh Hartlet , he ought to kiss the ground everyday for his career , because he is bar none the WORST actor in Hollywood , i think he has sold his soul to the devil , which is all fine and good , but i didnt , so why do i have to endure the torture of watching him . . he and Scarlet Johansen have NO chemistry and frankly she is as bad as him in this . . what is with all the stareing , what the f is she looking at ? ... i guess she 's just so gobsmacked that she 's in this film , she 's gone into shock . I give this film two stars instead of none because of the great Fiona Shaw , she is worth watching this for
 Intensely boring and tedious interpretation of James Ellroy 's fictional account of the most notorious murder in L.A. history and the lives it damaged is directed by Brian de Palma and is easily his worst effort . Chock full of camp and unintentionally laugh-out-loud moments , The Black Dahlia is more melodrama than gripping character study or murder mystery yarn . The actors flounder , overact , spew forth inane dialogue and try to look and sound `` noir '' to no avail . The story moves along like a slug . What was that earthquake scene about ? There 's not enough Betty Short to justify the title . Is this thing called `` The Black Dahlia '' or `` Bore Me To Tears '' ? The book was taut and fast-paced and fun . The movie is none of those things .
 The Black Dahlia was an excellent book . It made my `` Ten Best '' list in 1987 . L.A. Confidential , by the same author -LRB- James Ellroy -RRB- , was an excellent book made into an excellent movie.Black Dahlia , the movie , does n't make it to that level . Bad acting , incompetent direction , pathetic plotting ... there 's nothing to praise.In point of fact , Black Dahlia is n't a movie . It 's an interminable cigarette commercial .
 This is the WORST movie I have ever seen ! I was in physical pain sitting in the theatre watching this horrible , horrible piece of celluloid . It was painful , painful , painful . The acting was terrible , the dialogue was incomprehensible , the direction was ambiguous . There was really no redeeming quality in this movie . I sat in the theatre wondering how such a disaster had been made , how such respected actors had gotten tangled up in such a mess . In between holding our heads in pain , my friends and I would ask out loud in the theatre , `` what ? what is GOING ON ? '' I just really ca n't stress enough how bad this movie is . It is HORRIBLE . I would only recommed this movie to people who are in need of masochistic indulgence.If I could give this movie negative stars I would .
 To say this is an embarassment is way too generous . From top to bottom , this is one of the most ridiculous films I 've ever seen , and I 've seen quite a few . Such big names , associated with such trash - what a waste . For me , and the audience I saw this with , the bright spot was the woman who played Ramona Linscott . She was a scream , kind of a cross between Faye Dunaway in `` Mommie Dearest '' and Bette Davis in `` Baby Jane '' , except not quite as subtle and restrained as either of those performances.Since the lowest possible rating here is one star , that 's what I 've chosen . Although some negative value would be more appropriate .
 What a waste of my senior discount movie ticket ! This is one of the worst movies I have seen in years.This movie was also a waste of good talent . I kept waiting for a good plot but the Black Dahlia began to appear as an `` also ran '' . I enjoyed the old noirs of the 40 's more than this movie . The title would lead you to believe that the plot was the pursuit of Elizabeth Short 's killer . Not so . Just the love lives of two cops in a warm climate . I am still confused as to what that movie was trying to tell.Maybe DO N'T add the Black Dahlia to my massive movie collection when the DVD comes out .
 I would just like everyone to know that I do n't hate the noir genre . In fact , I love it , which is exactly why I hated `` The Black Dahlia . '' Every style , dialogue , music track oozed the stench of a director trying too hard . I 'm surprised there was n't subtitles repeating the words , `` Look , this movie is so noir . '' Every second that was absent dialogue was replaced with that old detective narration , which can work , but I just found it annoying in this movie . There was also a lot of bad melow-dramatic acting in conjunction with loose threads that tied characters together for unlikely reasons other than sex.The obsession over the Black Dahlia seemed a bit too slapped together as well . The hype over the most `` gruesome '' murder is not really developed well since the gruesome part is not really developed until the end with a memory of a corpse . Unless you think two attractive ladies making a lesbian nuddy flick is gross , do n't buy into the gruesome hype.Hunting the killer becomes a bit repetative and the clues just all fit too easily to finally end the movie . I guessed who the prime suspect was going to be in the begining , with no evidence other than the actor 's obvious need to be labelled the killer . And of course , the characters around this individual will help in a conspiracy.This mystery thriller has nothing too thrilling . Nor is it much of a mystery . The emotion that should connect characters is loose and melow-dramatic . The acting is mediocore at best . And Detective Josh is just not the hardcore individual who can play the burn-out cop a noir film requires . If your into mystery or noir or James Ellroy , do n't see this movie , a piece of your soul will die . In fact , nobody should see this movie .
 This movie has been hyped up ever since it was in the making , and the previews made this look like it could be one of the best movies of this year . but it was n't . not by a longshot.This movie had me yawning and daydreaming while staring at the theater lights after about the first 20 minutes . while the 3o 's -40 's theme was well played through , the boredom of it was overwhelming . for the first time , i think , i was waiting to see the dead girl . it was like `` bring her on already . `` it seemed more about Bucky & Kate 's sexual tension and Bucky 's life story than it did about the murder of Elizabeth Short.it seems more like somoene wanted to make a 30 's themed movie and was like `` oh yea , how about we put something about that horrific murder of the actress in it . `` do n't waste your money .
 Beany , my beloved friend , is going to hate me for this . ` The Black Dahlia ' fuses a lot of things I really love about the movies . First , you have the film noir . This is a genre that is VERY hard to get right , especially in this generation . All too often directors want to be super literal when attempting this fare and it becomes a technically proficient but emotionally stunted work . The era thing is a deterrent because the 30 's and 40 's were so rich with this coolness that aided in fleshing out rather stagnant approaches to filmmaking . That is hard to come by today because the approach to acting is so different . When you take actors used to heavy emoting and make them scale backwards they lose the cool and come across dull and empty . But , there have been successful takes on the genre , even in recent years . Second , you have James Ellroy , who has written some of the best crime novels ever and when you factor in the adaptation of ` L.A. Confidential ' -LRB- a beautiful harmony of modern flare and nostalgic noir techniques over a canvas of brilliant performances -RRB- I was really excited to see this unfold . Then you have Brian de Palma . I 'm not the biggest fan , but fear is an ally of his and he has worked some magic in creating tense situations that simmer just right ; and this premise was in dire need of a hand adept at creating the right mood . Fourth , and not least , is the Scarlett Johansson effect . I 'm drawn to her , not just because she is gorgeous but because her actorly antics are alluring in themselves.So I had four very promising reasons to see this film . Sadly , none of them worked ; like , at all.First , I 'll start with the obvious . Like many a critic has noted , Scarlett Johansson probably puts in her worst performance to date here . She is atrociously out of her comfort zone and while she tries really , really hard , it is embarrassing to note how poorly she attempts to emote so quietly . UGH , this is coming from the same girl who should have won an Oscar for subtle emoting in ` Lost in Translation ' and yet she was so caught up in trying to find the style in this genre that she fell on her face ; hard . That leads me to the rest of the cast , who were uniformly terrible -LRB- aside from Mia Kirshner and Fiona Shaw -RRB- . Hartnett is an actor I often defend because I like him , but by god was he boring as all get out here . Eckhart had some nice moments but he flew so far over the top in scenes it was hard to take him seriously . And do n't even get me started on Hilary Swank . The idea that she looks like Kirshner was hard enough to swallow -LRB- let alone the fact that she was trying so hard to skew young and yet she has old man hands that are mugging up the whole screen -RRB- but she just could n't get the seductive angle right to save her life . Why did n't they get Jennifer Connelly for this part ? The whole movie I was thinking `` that dead actress looks just like Jennifer Connelly '' . I never once said `` wow , she and Swank could be sisters '' . That brings me to the script . As some have already mentioned , this veers to far from the initial murder storyline and becomes a soap opera of sorts -LRB- and uninteresting one at that , since the actors are so disgustingly inept at being remotely convincing -RRB- , which takes away from the feel of a James Ellroy novel.True , there is some mood here , but it is ultimately sacrificed by the poor handling of the script and the terrible work with these actors , which I do blame de Palma for . I mean , a director needs to work with his cast to find a niche , and de Palma basically left these fish out of water to muddle through this nightmare all on their own . When I said earlier about this genre being taken too literally , yeah , that happened here and to devastating effect.I wanted to love this Beany , I really did , but the best I can say is that the film was pretty , the costumes were authentic and the makeup department went all out with that corpse -LRB- truly terrifying -RRB- . I ca n't even praise the score , which was so clich&eacute;d and uninspired I was rolling my eyes during the predictable rise and fall.Oh , but Kirshner was sincerely nave and Shaw was deliciously demented ; so there is that .
 This will be the shortest review I have ever written . This film has little to do -LRB- AT ALL -RRB- with the Black Dahlia . It is a series of disjointed scenes that are a good depiction of L.A. in the 40 's - but that 's it . For sensationalistic purposes , the film maker decided to throw in the Black Dahlia case , that has but a few minutes in the whole film . It was an attempt at ` Film Noir ' in color . The title and promotional material are all very , very deceptive . `` Josh Hartnett is hot '' is about the only feeling one comes away with after seeing this long film . That equals `` fail . ''
 The style and the camera movement of the movie is very good . However , the plot is nigh incomprehensible . The main character keeps get flashbacks and has a miracously ability to put all the pieces together with the small pieces of information . I kept thinking , `` Yes , but how in the world did he figure out where ... ? '' Some mysteries like the `` Big Sleep '' can overcome incomprehensible plots , but these mysteries need a strong lead like Bogart . Unfortunately , Hartnett does not carry the film . He 's ok , but he ca n't carry all the deadweight of the plot . Swank seems to be channeling both Bette Davis and Harlowe at the same time . Johanssen has a very strange character.The movie was disappointing .
 As you can clearly see the ratings for this movie are horrible . Rightfully so.I really suggest renting this movie for one reason only . To watch Hilary Swank . She really was amazing ! And I have never liked her movies even though I have always felt she has tremendous talent . I have never found her to be attractive or sexually exciting ... until this movie . WOW ! She proved she has some serious skill and it is obvious Hollywood is not putting that poor girl to good use ! She is definitely A list material.Honestly , all the actors involved in the film did a great job . They were all great.The movie is horrible . It seems like all the director or producer knew how to do was tell the actors to stand and smoke , sit and smoke or light a cigarette and smoke . The plot goes way off course , the story gets ludicrous and in the end fails to satisfy . A true embarrassment to the people involved in the movie.Rent this movie knowing you will not like it . Rent it just to see Hilary Swank and get blown away by some hidden talent and smoldering sexual power on screen !
 I 've never seen a movie turn out so bad that was full of people with good track records both behind and in front of the cameras . Actions of certain characters were nonsensical and none of the actors distinguished themselves . Some looked bored , others overacted almost to the point where I thought it might be intended as a parody of noir films .
 After fighting to stay awake through this , and mostly losing that fight -LRB- no wait , make that winning considering I did n't miss anything -RRB- , I really was wishing for my two hours back . Why 'd they have to make up fiction around the story ? This was a major missed opportunity - if they 'd just did a straight dramatization of what actually happened -LRB- as much as is known , anyway -RRB- , this could have been a much , much better film . But it 's a bunch of `` lies & made-up facts '' -LRB- to quote Steve Martin from his standup days -RRB- , and the sad part is someone is making money based around an unsolved tragedy - the least they could have done was to have got the story right . A documentary-style feature film , with realistic reenactments interspersed with actual footage would have been much better -LRB- would have HAD to have been , compared to this mess -RRB- . And , by the way , what happened to Brian DePalma ? He used to make really good movies such as Dressed To Kill and Body Double . He really should get back into the Hitchcock mode .
 Based on James Ellroy 's book of the same name .1940 s. Los Angeles . Two cops , Bleichert aka Mr Ice -LRB- Hartnett -RRB- and Blanchard aka Mr Fire -LRB- Eckhart -RRB- investigate the brutal murder of a would-be actress , Elizabeth Short -LRB- Mia Kirschner -RRB- . Unfortunately this film just did n't do anything right - except the the setting and costumes which were rather fine.Being badly directed is its weakest point . Brian De Palma had all the good aspects of a great film
 The previews for this film looked exquisite and interesting . The only things good about this film are the sets , locations , automobiles , and costumes . The acting is n't too bad either considering the screen play for this film is a rambling piece of junk that confuses viewers with a number of subplots that seems somehow to tie back to the killing . The thing is , my wife and I could n't really figure out why the girl was killed , especially by the person who actually did the killing . This was just a bizarre and tedious viewing experience for us.Oh , and for that arrogant positive reviewer below . I am not a fan or `` Rambo '' type films . I like good , thought provoking films , this one just made my head hurt . It sounds as though perhaps you read the book first . No wonder you could follow this poorly written screen play.As far as all the sub-plots tying back , by coincidence or directly to the Dahlia murder , well duh . That 's a no-brainer . Of course they did . Still , it 's hard to figure out why the Dahlia murder was committed at all - even if it is n't the main attraction to the story , it is the event around which all of the subplots revolve.Avoid at all costs .
 I had the unfortunate `` pleasure '' of watching this movie in the theaters . If you are under the impresion that this movie has anything at all to deal with the Black Dahlia Murder , then I 'm here to tell you that it does n't . The movie uses the murder to push along a boring love triangle.The movie was so bad I almost fell asleep in it , and one of my friends actually did.I really have no idea what the director was trying with this movie . Is it a love story , or is it a murder mystery ? The movie tries to be both , but I feel fails miserably at both . The love triangle was not anywhere near believeable , and in the days of numerous Law & Order , and CSI shows , the murder mystery was so poorly followed , and there was a complete lack on intrigue.The movie just droned on and on and on . I like a good film Noir , just as much as the next guy , but this is just bad , Bad , BAD !!!! Save you time and money , and do n't bother with this one .
 ... in its ineptitude , this ranks right down there with the worst of them -LRB- think `` Valley of the Dolls '' noir -RRB- in terms of literary adaptations to film . This project had real promise
 In this case it 's true the book IS definitely better . Much better . The book is a gripping , disturbing , page turned . The movie is just a big disappointment .
 A somewhat confusing plot revolving around the real Black Dahlia murder with the rest being pure fiction , onto of the murder there is police corruption , adultery , betrayl , the porn industry , the crazy wife , the seductress all in a Hollywood location
 I 'm used to convoluted and cluttered storylines in Brian DePalma films . Take another look at `` Femme Fatale '' to see what I mean . An entire diamond hiest appears to revolve around two hot chicks making it in a toilet stall during a film premiere -- and that 's the part that 's easiest to follow . `` The Black Dahlia '' was supposed to be about the grotesque butchering of Elizabeth Short in 1940 's L.A. I mean , that is the title . And the poster artwork . And the trailers.But the Black Dahlia appears late in the movie -- after a boxing match between rival buddies and scenes ripped off from `` L.A. Confidential '' -- and barely becomes the focus until the wordy and unconvincing finale . In fact , the discovery of her body takes place in the background of the movie that 's well under way when she 's found.I watched the extras and was surprised to see an interview with the screenwriter who adapted the original novel where he admits to showing an early draft of the script to friends -- and they said there was n't enough about the Dahlia in it ! So he rewrote it and added the screen test scenes . That must mean that the Dahlia was n't in the script at all before shooting began!The interview with the novelist also reveals that he piled everything about L.A. in the 1940 's into his story ... and it shows.The movie has interesting visual moments and the cast tries hard but it feels like it 's all over the place .
 I 'm not going to write a long review because , frankly , it 's all been said . I went to see this movie with two friends , and we were all disappointed.Right from the start you get the feeling that you 've already missed something big , and the film continues to get more and more absurd and illogical from there.There are several good actors in this film - Aaron Eckhart , Scarlett Johannsson , Josh Hartnett , Hilary Swank - but not one of them gives a decent performance here ... If you want to do yourself a favor then skip this film ... it 's a waste of time , simple as that .
 The worst part of this movie for me , besides that it was boring & stilted , was just how off base the real events of Elizabeth Short 's life , death and murder investigation were portrayed . It capitalized on the victim , poor Elizabeth Short and really was n't about her much at all . What infuriated me even more was how it flashed to her desecrated body with a black crow cawing just using her murder scene as a cheap scare - it was n't part of the story line ... it 's like the director just thought , `` Now where can I stick in this cheesy replica of Elizabeth Short 's mutilated body to terrify the heck out of everybody ? '' He uses the crime scene as a sudden flashback ... I jumped at it . . and ended up angry at the movie makers . And I did n't appreciate the gory scene where a knife is shown cutting slowly Elizabeth 's mouth with blood pouring out . I almost threw up - I found that obscene ... some things are just too graphic . Awful ... just awful.I 've lost a lot of respect for de Palma 's good judgment.I know they claim it 's just fiction , but I do n't like stories that take real events and make up a lot of false stories about what happened especially using real people and claiming they did things they did n't actually do in their lives . Fictional characters can do fictional actions , but the real people should never do something they did n't really do . It confuses the truth and creates false legends . Example
 First off , like so many others , I could n't wait to see this film . I 've been fascinated by the Black Dahlia case for many years , and I 've mostly enjoyed Brian DePalma 's movies . Well , this may have been a faithful adaptation of James Ellroy 's book , but I did n't like it . It contains a typically -LRB- from DePalma -RRB- convoluted plot and multiple storylines . There 've been other DePalma films , Femme Fatale , Mission Impossible , & Body Double , where I 've appreciated , even loved his manic storytelling , but he fell well short of the mark here . The screenwriter , Josh Friedman , shares some of the blame as well.I did n't care much for these characters , but the movie has its moments . I love Scarlet Johansson in anything , and Hillary Swank gives a good performance , a different character than I 've seen her play . They 're much better than the male leads . The perverted family of Madeline -LRB- Swank -RRB- is interesting , and Mia Kirsher as Beth Short was mesmerizing . As another reviewer observed , the lesbian bar scene is hilarious and memorable ; the inclusion of kd Lang a great bonus.Overall the movie is bad in general but even worse due to my high expectations . I wanted to see a well made film about the Dahlia case which this is n't , but it could have been a good film anyway . However , all the confusing plotlines take it nowhere . DePalma should have picked one story and told it . For fans of this genre , I recommend LA Confidential , Chinatown , or even Hollywoodland instead . Maybe someone will film a screen adaptation of Steve Hodel 's Black Dahlia Avenger or John Gilmore 's Severed.The DVD special features include lots of James Ellroy . There 's a fascinating parallel with his mother and why he wrote the book the way he did . Also , the visual style of DePalma is detailed . The movie , filmed mostly in Bulgaria , is an excellent recreation of 1947 LA , visually.Black Dahlia Avenger
 What on earth were these people thinking ? The story is a dull , plodding mess ; it 's a good cure for insomnia and that 's about it ! This does not tell us anything about the murder case . It just goes into some steamy nonsense about lesbian pornos and love triangles . Stooooopid .
 The Black Dahlia -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- James Ellroy was brought to my attention through the Movie `` La Confidential '' . I like the movie so much that I picked up Ellroy 's book `` The Black Dahlia '' and found that the book was very good and followed this with `` The Big Nowhere '' which was also very good . Needless to say I was excited when I saw that the Dahlia movie was coming out . I knew that if it could take a fraction of what LA had it would be great.As I was watching the movie I began to realize one large problem ... This story is way too large and sprawling to be told in a 2 -21 / 2 hour movie . All aspects of the story had to be chopped to make it fit together . Bucky 's relationship with Kay and Lee and the amount of time they spent together could n't be summed up in 10 minutes , nor could Bucky 's relationship with Madeleine . Lee 's obsession with the case was another aspect that could n't be summed up . I think the attempt to `` quickly wrap up '' all these aspects of the story will leave anyone who has n't read the book wondering what the hell is going on . Even though they attempted this wrap up too much screen time is devoted to this and too little to them actually pursuing the Dahlia case . Realistically , this movie would need to be 4 hours for it to accurately detail the important aspects of the story.The Good
 Rarely indeed do so many movie stars -LRB- and an acclaimed director -RRB- come together to make a movie as atrociously bad as The Black Dahlia . As if Elizabeth Short did n't suffer enough in life and death , now Hollywood comes along and exploits her memory as a hook to draw viewers in to a laughably awful film that , on its own , does n't even have a single led to stand on . The film tries to project itself as some kind of modern-day film noir - it fails miserably.I always thought Scarlett Johansson was a talented actress , but seeing her really weak performance in this putrid film on the heels of her deer-in-the-headlights acting in A Good Woman , I 'm definitely rethinking that opinion . One thing is for sure
 `` The Black Dahlia '' is a mess . Everything 's impressive and nothing is right . It seems like Aaron Eckhart 's character should be played with more darkness , like Josh Hartnett 's character should be played with less boyishness , like Scarlett Johannson 's character should be more emotionally complex . The story is convoluted and the storytelling is awkward . I can explain the film 's core storylines , but to tie everything together is a task beyond me . There is one person involved who deserves praise
 Worst movie I 've ever seen . Seriously . I actually got dumber during this film .
 This movie should have been good . It had a great concept and back story to work off of . It had a good cast , except for Josh Hartnett who is the blackhole of movies , and Scarlett Johansen is good in cutey roles and has nice assets but she is not a good dramatic actress in this kind of role . This movie just misses the mark on about every level . The only good thing is that the costumes and the portrayal of the period are both good . But seriously , and I wanted to like it , this movie sucked .
 The locations and sets were great , but the performances?And the story , hmmm ? Though to be fair , it 's my understanding that a lot got cut out of the movie . I 'd like to see a director 's cut and see if that makes a difference , tough I doubt that will happen.Fun to watch , but see it on cable .
 Sorry , i got asleep while watching this movie ... now seriously , this is the worst big budget film that ive seen in a decade . i couldnt believe that this was an attempt to make a serious movie . Hillary Swank seems to be making a Mae West parody on SNL.Its like a b-movie with great visuals but without the camp factor.Rent Hollywoodland , a decent movie with a similar theme .
 It looks like this movie is a pretentious attempt to seriously recreate a film noir genre , but it takes itself so seriously it fails miserably . As others have noted , the acting is quite bad , the script incredibly confusing , the direction misguided , and in the end when -LRB- FINALLY -RRB- the myriad plot threads attempt to come together , there are so many impossible coincidences linking the characters , you wonder that the writers had the nerve to suggest them . Amazingly , as bad as the usually brilliant Hilary Swank is here , the worst performance award must go to Fiona Shaw , an classically trained actress with an incredible pedigree . Is it possible this was supposed to be a comedy , and we all just missed it ? Because I was actually embarrassed for these actors . Still , the film looks great , and the boxing match in the beginning was quite good . My advice ? Once the bell rings and the match is over , switch to another movie . It 's a downhill slide from there .
 You know what it 's about
 What a disappointment . I bought this DVD in Target on impulse . Bad move , bad movie . While I never read the book , I did see a version of the Black Dahlia a number of years ago starring Lucy Arnaz as Elizabeth Short . It was an absorbing film , compelling , very well done . The major focus was on the mystery of who the Black Dahlia was , where she came from , trying to piece together her life in L.A. . It was done in flashbacks showing Elizabeth Short in quick scenes up to the point where she was murdered.This movie rambles on for about an hour before the murder is introduced , and then the focus does n't stay on it , but bounces around on a bunch of shallow , boring characters . It all has about as much essence as confetti flying around on a windy day . I was sorry to see Hilary Swank in such a feeble production .
 I bought the `` Black Dahlia '' with high expectations which were soon disappointed ! I had read the dark , complex , descent into hell novel by James Ellroy . Ellroy 's historical fiction novel is the basis of this film . Alas , the book is much better than the movie!In January 1947 the nude , mutilated body of film starlet Elizabeth Short was found in a field in Los Angeles . The murder has and will never be solved . What the film does is to spin a tale of two LA cops seeking to discovere the killer . The two are called Fire and Ice due to their boxing prowess . They fight a charity bout for the LA Police Department ; love the same woman and their lives descend into tragedy and death.We see LA in 1947 in darkly lit sepia tones very appropriate to film noire . The cars , the clothes and the postwar music is on target.The only problems are : a . An overcomplex , confusing and silly story line that strains credibility ! We can accept such a story when it is in the hands of a director of genius such as Howard Hawks in his classic `` The Big Sleep '' but not from Brian DePalma who is not a the top of his directorial game!b . The film 's three star actors
 Despite the cast of A-List actors , the best thing about this film is the glorious noir photography of Vilmos Zsigmund . The acting is unconvincing , and the direction is sloppy , but all elements of production design are first-rate . Mark Isham 's score is appropriate , but a little too much like Jerry Goldsmith 's `` Chinatown '' music , especially the use of the solo trumpet . Mr. de Palma missed on this one , and his cast seemed uninterested in their material . James Ellroy can be given brilliant film adaptation -LRB- `` L.A. Confidential '' -RRB- , but not this one . What a bummer . I was hoping for so much more . The DVD extras are more entertaining and informative than the film itself .
 Wow , I ca n't believe how much I disliked this film , especially with the presence of such attractive actresses as Hilary Swank , Scarlett Johansson and Mia Kirshner . There 's simply nothing entertaining or engaging about this movie . It 's admittedly stylish , but so slow . Making matters worse , there 's no sympathetic figure to care about.Ranging from the amoral police practices of officers Bleichert and Blanchard to the rich , perverse and disgusting Linscott family , the storyline drifts through the seedier bars and nightspots of Los Angeles circa late ` 40 's . The only one to muster a spark of interest is Mia Kirshner in the ill-fated role of Elizabeth Short -LRB- Black Dahlia -RRB- but her part is so short and interspersed so infrequently through the film it 's virtually impossible to maintain your connection with the character . I recommend you pass on this one .
 Its just a shame in that this film had a good premise on which to build upon . -LRB- 1940 's Los Angeles , The zoot suit riots , The LAPD , Hollywood at the height of its power and a horrific murder that has never been solved . -RRB- But instead we get this attempt at a Film Noir that just falls flat on its face . Frankly I am very disappointed , it was altogether a very confused , poorly thought out film that and the actors did a really shoddy job altogether . The only bright spot being the attention to detail for the sets .
 If you are looking for a movie about the murder mystery of Black Dahlia that fascinated the nation since 1947 , then this not the movie you are looking for . Numerous television shows have been produced that document the murder in greater detail than this movie purports to do . The producers of this movie undertook this project with a great confidence that this will succeed in the same way as the movie `` LA Confidential , '' which is based on the James Ellroy novel , but their calculations were erroneous . James Ellroy also wrote this novel about Black dahlia case but not so much about the murder per se , but about the cops of LAPD ; the divisiveness , corruption , and coercion . The movie has plenty of sexual perversion , tramps , lesbian cocktail lounges of 1940s Los Angeles , and m&eacute;nage a trios , violence and crime not directly related to the Black Dahlia case . Many of historical facts surrounding Elizabeth Short and her father were wrong . Her father lived near San Francisco not LA.You do n't hear about Black Dahlia murder until about 20-25 minutes into the movie and the main thing you learn about the murder victim is that she slept around with almost any man or a woman for a cigarette and sandwich . Unfortunately this is not what is said about the unfortunate victim , Elizabeth Short in many investigative television shows.Scarlet Johansson and Hilary Swank are two of the finest performers of Hollywood but unfortunately their talents are not used appropriately . Poor Johansson is subjected to a strange and sometimes humiliating m&eacute;nage a trios with her boy friend Aaron Eckhart -LRB- as ` Mr. Fire ' -RRB- and his pal Josh Hartnett -LRB- as ` Mr. Ice ' -RRB- . Did it make any difference to the movie if this relationship did n't exist ? I ca n't help but compare this movie with `` LA Confidential . '' I think the performance of Josh Harnett as a tough cop of LAPD is far superior to the performance of Russell Crowe .1 . L.A. Confidential2.The Black Dahlia3.The Black Dahlia4.Severed
 What a disappointment . The film looks great , but that 's about all that can be said about it . None of the major actors are convincing as mid-1940s characters - they are just people who have dressed up in costumes , but , do n't have any sense of the period . Everything about them screams 2006 . Brian de Palma has made his share of unsuccessful films , but until now at least they were all interesting . The script is confusing -LRB- is it a flashback or not ? -RRB- , there are all kinds of side stories , and it 's only at the end that the director and writer suddenly remember that they are supposed to be making a film based on a real killing , and hurriedly come up with as contrived an ending as one might ever see .
 This movie s * cked . The plot was poorly developed , the acting was estranged and it could have been better . It sucked
 I am a movie buff and have seen thousands of movies in my 71 years , but this film was one of the worst I have ever had the displeasure to watch . Story line is terrible . The main character seems to be either walking the streets or sitting in a diner . What a waste of acting talent!One star and that 's for the actors who showed up .
 Missing substance , a lot . No rational for the storyline with the end coming years after the start . I thought the parts well played , but too disjointed to follow . The 2 is because I rented this movie with greater expectations . Is this what happens when everyone does a great job , and there is a movie in there somewhere ? It just got lost .
 This movie is just plain awful . It was so bad that I could hardly pay any attention to it . It barely even had a storyline . It was completely boring . The only reason I even bothered to finish watching it is because James Franco is in it . Otherwise , I would n't have even finished it .
 Fans of the `` Melting Pot '' books by Eastman , Talbot and Bisley will quickly be disappointed . The Heavy Metal magazine guys took a great series , borrowed the characters and rewrote the story . Except for references to names and places , there is little resemblance to the original story . If the objective was to tell a completely different story , Heavy Metal did n't need `` Melting Pot '' at all . `` Heavy Metal 2000 '' fails to deliver what `` Heavy Metal '' did . Apparently marketing did n't feel that audiences would be able to relate to non-human characters , so they made all of main characters human . In fact , there isnt ' even a `` Julie '' in the original story . I find it amusing that the writers did n't even put forth the creative effort to at least think of a ficitious name for actress Julie Strain -LRB- except for an awkward reference to `` FAKK2 '' -RRB- . Clearly this movie was produced solely to advance the career of this actress . After all , I believe her husband owns Heavy Metal magazine . This is an abomination to the legitimate work put into the `` Melting Pot '' . Eastman , et . al. should be ashamed for allowing this to happen to their work.If you are a `` Melting Pot '' fan , please do n't purchase this video . It IS N'T `` Melting Pot Animated '' . If you are a teenage `` Heavy Metal '' fan and just want a little T&A thrown in , MAYBE this is for you . You 're better off buying the original `` Heavy Metal '' video as this is much , much better both in character development , as well as deeper story-telling . However , I will say that the CGI animation was very good . The character animation was rather flat -LRB- like your Saturday-morning cartoons -- think `` Titan A.E '' -RRB- . Lots and lots of marketing went into this film , and they 'll probably make more money on after-market merchandising . The film , however , fails miserably to live up to the hype . Many fans who waited for YEARS for this animated feature will be disappointed .
 If you are looking for a movie as good as the original `` Heavy Metal '' , pass on this one . It is a vehicle for letting Julie Strain waggle her assets in Anime format . The voice acting is incredibly bad . The animation is not nearly as good as the original . I watched it hoping for much much better . See it if you must but you have been warned .
 Ok so why did Kevin Eastman destroy the Heavy Metal Magazine and culture . He had so much to work with but instead decided to go the opposite of the originators . Classic stories such as The Ape and Den are no more and instead we are left with a low quality B movie comic strip . The new movie Heavy Metal F.A.K.K 2 is a complete joke . Instead of making a high quality A move he went back a step and created a low quality B movie that fits more into the category of higher end porn . I have nothing wrong with pornography . Whatever works for people is fine with me . But Heavy Metal was never meant to be porn . It was meant to have erotic images and stories but decent stories , not stories that revolve around some second rate actresses buxom . Ever since Eastman bought Heavy Metal in '95 he has brought into a constant downward spiral . Pretty soon the magazine will be so bad i will be ashamed just to buy for colorful toilet paper . What it really needs right now are the classic artists and writers that made it great to begin with to speak out and admit that it is no where as good as it was . Now it should be just labled as porn instead of fantasy . I miss the old days of Heavy Metal . We need a real Heavy Metal magazine again . One without Eastman in charge . One with decent stories . One with the class and high quality writing that the originals -LRB- 70 's and 80 's -RRB- had . The magazine still has a lot of potential if we can get a decent lead editor in charge of it .
 Well it is here . The update to Heavy Metal has a quality feel to it , the sound quality is good compared to the original , the animation quality is better than the original , and the intergrated 3D animation was well done . It just does n't do it for me . All the elements are up to date , but the story , cuts , and flow are not much to hold you . As a Heavy Metal Fan it is worth while to see . I would not recomend it to anyone otherwise . It is just a little less interesting than episodic Anim&eacute;
 Like my title suggests this movie is a vain attempt to take credit from the first movie to sell sub-par music to a new generation of viewers . The first Heavy Metal obviously had some thought put into the scenes and the pace of the story line . The artistry was phenomanal in the first movie , much better than the mish mosh of computer graphics and hand drawn animation in Heavy Metal 2000 . The first movie made sure the music reinforced and enhanced whatever scene was being played , the second , well the music really did not add much if anything at all the movie . To sum up ... boring plot , no imagination , and a sound track to not die for . My advice ? Use the DVD as a coaster and read a good Frank Herbert novel instead .
 todays metal almost has no listenership , why ? it has so little melody , gone in this movie are good melodic metal songs from 80 's bands who could sing , instead we get the awful thrash metal that helped make metal one of the least popular types of music on the planet . sure people like the old stuff but todays metal is sucko mostly so by using that type of thrash junk in this they insured few could sit through the movie . I liked the story but you had to suffer through the music .
 I remember that the original was a bunch of loosely connected stories . This one tells one tale , not too badly , but also too interested in including specific elements that had to be part of the movie 's image more than letting the story flow . Of these `` required '' elements , it of course had to be science fiction , there had to be a lot of violence , plus completely gratuitous nudity featuring totally buff women with improbable breasts . I like that a lot of effort was made to tell a whole story , but it looks like a bunch of producers got together , figured out the lowest common denominator for their audience , and dished out standard movie fare for them , cafeteria-style . With the same resources , they could have taken the `` Final Fantasy '' route , at least plot-wise , but chose the easy road .
 I did n't know there was such a thing as b-type cartoons but this one is definitely b-rated . If you know that going in , it 's actually quite funny to see bad acting extended to cartoon characters . Lot 's of blood and guts in minute sepia tone and of course a gratuitous boob shot -LRB- or two , or six -RRB- if you 're into that.Basic story
 This film is better than the original Heavy Metal , which is not saying much . The animation is far superior , the story admittedly stronger . However , many of the characters , including the heroie , are absolutely mean . Julie is a strong character , yes . But does strong necessarily mean hard ? Her sister is much more likable . I hope Julie Strain is nothing like her character . Also , there is too much gore . If you have to see it , wait to watch it on cable instead .
 When you hear sequel or the `` updated '' version of anything these days , you either have to shudder with fear , or approach it apprehensively . Such is the case with this movie , which is complete garbage . The animation is a slight improvement over the original , but most of the time , it is just goofy to look at -LRB- the `` surprise '' villan in the final scene for example -RRB- . This is nothing more than a gory , porno movie with all of the necessary ingredients that make porno movies
 Oh , boy , were we disappointed ! We 've waited for several years for this episode . And for our patience what is our reward ? Junk . The story is childish . The art is boring after the first 10 minutes . The soundtrack detracts -LRB- if that 's possible -RRB- . I have been an enthusiastic and loyal fan/subscriber/collector of Heavy Metal magazine since 1977 and to be honest , I ca n't imagine this horrible movie coming from the same shop . T&A are the only redeeming bits that keep this space clunker from losing all it 's stars . If you want to experience some of HM 's finest work , rent the original HM movie on DVD .
 I wo n't waste a lot time in this review . Simply awful . The animation is weak -LRB- a few noteworthy parts -RRB- , the music forgettable , and the story predictable . The original Heavy Metal film had more going for it . I like the original and the mazazine that inspired both films , but this release is sad .
 Alright attempt to follow up of the Classic original . It was entertaining and the music was alright , but over all it was OK . It does not compare to the original .
 I got this and the original after seeing the South Park tribute . The original was fantastic , but this was disappointing at best . Save your money and pass on this one .
 I bought the dual DVD package with both 1981 and 2000 Heavy Metal movies . The 1981 was an enchantment ! True , free , creative , poetic , powerful , humorous , ... In fact , far and away from `` politically correct '' that is the rule everywhere now . How refreshing ! In comparison , the 2000 opus is predictable , polished , not funny one bit , boring , tasteless , and in its way , conventionnal . -LRB- and we could do without the heavy promotion of Julie Strain ... -RRB- . The 1981 is up there , with an unique atmosphere , `` true '' with all its imprefection . The 2000 polished version is down here , has no juice , and never `` gets off '' ...
 Compared to the first one this sucked . The animation was horrible and lacked detail . The music was poorly timed and cut into . This basically was made for Julie Strain by her writer husband . The idiot tried so hard to make her character so bad as $ that she came across as a bunch of fail .
 The original Heavy Metal is a classic . The sequel fails to live up to expectations . The animation seems rushed and badly done throughout .
 Direct to video . Running time
 I have been a reader of HM magazine since I was a boy . I was and still am a great fan of the first film . HM2K is a big disappointment for me . Instead of offering some of today 's best sci-fi writers an opportunity to contribute a compilation of short stories for the new film , the film makers went with a poorly developed feature length tale that is as predictable and boring as a merry-go-round at the county fare . Despite the aid of modern computers the animation lacks in style and detail as compared with the original film . Even the music is poor this time around ! The first film was a successful attempt to translate the style of the magazine to the big screen . HM2K is clearly an attempt to provide the publishers wife -LRB- Julie Strain -RRB- with star billing in her own film . Trust me on this one ... THIS MOVIE BITES !!
 Watch the last segment of the original Heavy Metal called `` Tarna '' instead . The plot scheme of HM2K is lifted directly from that . They took a tight short story from one film and stretched it out needlessly here.The details have changed , but it 's still the same story.The same major plot points exist
 The story of this film would have been better had they used the so-called film adaption of the summer 1999 magazine ... when i read that i was blown away and could n't wait for the film to be released . Now i can see why this film was never released theatrically . The 2D Animation reminds me of saturday morning cartoons . . The 3D animation for the spaceships does n't blend well with the 2D stuff . What 's with all the fade to black after every other scene ? Felt like i was watching something on tv with the commercials missing . Music snippets did n't last too long . . all around crap ... I love the sndtrk ... I still buy the magazine ... And yeah I own the DVD and would n't give it up . Heavy Metal collector the last 15 yrs . the 1980 film was by far better
 The appeal of the original was that it was an animated version of the magazine . The appeal of the origial magazine was the mixture of styles , and the effortless `` bad boy '' attitude it exuded as a whole . As to the meandering plot ? That was part of the appeal . If you did n't like one approach , there were at least three or more others that would turn you on ! Heavy Metal 2000 misses the point entirely . It was flat , boring and felt like `` Walt Disney Gets a Woody '' . I mean , it even had the same visual style of `` Beauty and the Beast '' . The effortless adolescent raunch of # 1 was replaced with the forced , `` Are n't we bad ? tee-hee ! `` And get a load of the hero , a whiny genXer that the original Den would have snapped in two . He was n't cool , he was a pain ! The heroine just kept missing the mark . The whole thing was kid stuff!Don ' t waste your money , rent the second one and buy the first one and prepare to leave your brain at home !
 I really tried to like this movie since the first Heavy Metal was favorite in my household along with a more obscure Rock & Rule movie which really no one has seen but me and other weird people . Anyway , the plot is almost non-existent like in the Fast and the Furious but I can at least I can that movie without feeling nausated not so for Heavy Metal
 Loosely connected to the first HM of ' 81 , this sequel has a single tale of lust and immortality in place of the anthology of the older movie . While mining an asteroid , one of the miners finds a crystal shard - the key to a fountain of immortality . The fountain itself is on another planet thousands of light years away . Unfortunately , the miner is played -LRB- okay , `` voiced '' -RRB- by Michael Ironside and , faster than you can say `` Oh No , General Katana is approaching !! '' the key consumes the miner 's soul and sends him off on a quest of conquest to find the well . First off , he must ravage a remote planet whose few human inhabitants contain traces of an element that staves off death . While successfully carting away most of the population of this distant planet , he misses Julie - a six-foot hottie with a big gun and a bottomless reservoir of rage . The two battle across the galaxy - first to satisfy her thirst for revenge , but then for the sake of immortality itself.Even having been warned , this flick is still a big disappointment . The first movie was guilty fun - catering and yet lampooning the rock-fan in each of us . The animation was crude , yet in a charming way that today 's assembly-line animation or CGI will never know . -LRB- Imagine a story built on all those way-out 1970 's album covers , and you get the idea . -RRB- With animation reflecting an era that predated Japanimation , `` Heavy Metal '' grew better with age - a time capsule of bad music and laughably bad humor . The new movie offers none of that - no memorable lines , images or characters . Though patterned largely on `` Taarna , the Terakien '' from the first movie , HM2 has none of the spirit or wit of the earlier story , and Julie emotes less character -LRB- which is bad when you remember that Taarna was mute -RRB- . In short , the movie offers less than a fraction of the entertainment value of a single episode of `` Heavy Metal '' the magazine .
 ... to see just how bad it is . Unlike it 's predecessor Heavy Metal 2k has one single 90 minute story arch talking place in the far future , using both hand drawn animation and very bad CGI , bad even for 2000 . The basic plot is that a miner named Tyler -LRB- Michael Ironsides -RRB- stumbles across a green glowing crystal that is a literal key to the fountain of youth . The only draw back is that the moment he touches it Tyler goes completely bonkers and starts killing a lot of people.The `` Key '' draws Tyler to a settlement called Eden , full of people who haves traces of the life giving compound in them , giving them a healthy good looking looks , Tyler probtly kills half of the population and kidnaps the rest , a lone survivor of the raid Julie -LRB- Julie Strian -RRB- begins a blind quest of revenge.Everything that could be bad in any given movie is bad in HM2K , the dialog is terrible , both written and performed , the camera work is terrible , there 's no back story to speak of , tere are loop holes that even a baby can see , not even a connection to the first firm with the Loc-Nar , which the key is suppose to be a shard from , except that it 's green . Also there are not special features on this DVD !!!!! I do n't mind the violence or the nudity , in fact I want to see more of that in western animation , but this movie is just as forgettable as any other movie that Julie Strian stars in .
 Well , you know where I stand . When I sit down for a couple hours to watch a movie I expect to be shown something thought-out , clever , and well-rendered into the film format . Actually nothing in this is worth watching . It 's not science fiction , it 's stupid fiction . The best thing about Heavy Metal 2000 is the over-the-top cover art on the DVD.Here 's the plot
 `` Heavy Metal 2000 '' is absolutely perfect for thirteen year old boys -LRB- who wo n't know any better -RRB- and other pervs that still have a picture of that `` Star Trek Voyager '' girl stuck on their wall . Now why would I say that ? T&A , blood , guns , and outer space all done in the most laughable way imaginable . If that sounds good to you , then you should stop reading this and buy it ; you 'll love it . But if that does n't appeal to you -LRB- gee , I wonder why -RRB- , then pass . This movie is drenched in sex . There 's as many sexual scenes -LRB- nudity , sex , and sexual ` jokes ' -RRB- as there is guns in the film ; and you have your predictable shower and seduction scene too . And it almost worked for this guy too . But , I have brain cells and a love for movies with an actual story in it . `` Heavy Metal 2000 '' have neither . The story was horrible . The bad guy has a key to immortality and Julie -LRB- that was her name , right ? -RRB- stalks him after he kills everyone in her town . None of the characters are interesting except for the film 's heroine Julie . Julie is your typical cartoon version of Angelina Jolie -LRB- huge breasts , skimpy outfits , always seems to lose her clothes , and a bad attitude ; just like Mrs. Jolie herself ! -LRB- joke -RRB- -RRB- and is just as ridiculous as Lara Croft . Her appearance does n't bother me , but the film would n't have suffered at all if she was a guy instead . Julie has a way of getting stuck in a lot of ridiculous situations . For example , the seduction scene with Tyler and the part were she has to kiss some alien slob to get across lava -LRB- as Julie says , ` If this is what it takes to get Tyler ... ' I mean , come on ! How lame is that ? -RRB- . And that 's the other reason I did n't like it , they should 've concentrated on the story , not her . She does get extra points for lame one-liners that actually work and , let 's face it , any woman who could kill Pikachu is a-ok . With the exception of Julie 's voice , none of the voice actors are convincing . Where 's Matt Stone and Trey Parker when you need them ? The animation does help save the film . It 's definitely not `` Ghost In The Shell '' , but it does look nice . Throw in some computer graphics for good measure , and you have a slick looking film . But not enough to save it . It gets boring often and you wish there were more suprises thrown in -LRB- not that lame attempt at a surprise for the ending either , that was predictable as well -RRB- . You 've heard me bash the film , so why the two stars instead of one ? Well , the action scenes are good , the animation is good , Julie -LRB- so what if she 's a cartoon centerfold ? -RRB- , and I 'm being really generous . I doubt I 'll ever watch this again though , I 'll just stick with `` Akira '' .
 I just want to say off the bat , that I do n't find anything attractive about 6-foot chicks . At ALL . How is that sexy ? How ? HOW ? The ideal woman should be shorter . Cute . Petite . Athletic . You know the deal.With that said , this movie is a train wreck . A sheer train wreck . I 'd rather stab myself in the eye than watch this -LRB- ... -RRB- again . How did this lame -LRB- ... -RRB- story even get the title of `` Heavy Metal '' ? The characters are ugly and unappealing . The plot is a bigger mess than my workbench . The animation is decent - the HAND-DRAWN animation . The computerized stuff is ugly and jarring . It looks totally out of place - especially during the oh-so-confusing ending . The action is stupid and repetive . The dialogue is a joke -LRB- `` You fools ! You FOOLS ! HAHAHAHAAHA -RRB- . Everything is a joke . The people who even enjoyed this movie are sad , pathetic jokes . -LRB- ... -RRB- This `` cartoon '' is n't even worth using as toilet paper . Buy drugs instead , they 're better for you.The people who made the original 1981 classic should be ashamed .
 this one is not really worth the small price you pay , , not like original at all . Left me feeling limp
 i have seen this episode before and it is my favorite of the whole series so you can imagine my disappointment when i downloaded it and all it did was skip and stop every 5 to 10 seconds the entire episode . it was very irritating and made it impossible to follow the dialogue .
 Even when they regularly borrow material from the Simpsons , the laughs are few and far between on South Park . But the award for the worst episode is when Kenny dies . Get animation on the cutting edge ; buy a Family Guy DVD .
 Anyone that would buy this knows what to expect ... the cartoons are hilarious.Unfortunately , I am very disappointed with this DVD set . The sound is very quiet , so you 'll have to crank your volume . The video is TERRIBLE ... . how can you screw up transferring computer animation to DVD !?!??! The outlines of the characters appear speckled in many places and I 've seen other complaints about the video being over compressed . The picture is what I 'd expect to see if somebody made a 3rd generation VHS copy of the program ... it 's that bad and THAT noticible.I 'll not buy another southpark DVD set , not until they start doing a better job with the transfers .
 The show is fantastic , would rate 5 stars . The audio on this dvd set however , really deserves a 0 . Be prepared to crank your receivers to the limit to hear the show ! Plus , I am really steamed that since Warner decided to not allow the commentary for season one unless it was edited , that Matt and Trey did n't bother to do anything for this box , and most likely never will again . I always wondered why there was no commentary for the film then heard Matt and Trey were upset with Paramount and did n't do it out of spite . Nice going Warner , I wanted to hear them discuss episodes like the classic `` Not Without My Anus '' !!!
 I gave it a 2 star rating because it did n't really get into the killings . I lived in Rochester , NY back then . It all happened around the time my daughter was born . I knew a uncle to one of the girls . Yes , to this date they have not found the killer . It had the whole city in such a state that people from all walks of life were afraid for thier children . This movie could have more about the killings but , it 's a good movie to watch .
 This movie might have been crafted into , at least , a fairly conventional cops & serial killer movie , but fails . It 's a waste of a pretty decent supporting cast , including Timothy Hutton , who does n't appear to get the kind and quality of work he deserves . There are many problems , including a silly answer to the whodunnit that you can see coming up the street way , way early . And then , once revealed , the plot gets even worse . Most problematic , I 'm afraid , is Eliza Dushku 's performance . Actors talk about how hard it is to `` do crazy '' and this is as glaring an example I know of how NOT to portray a person with mental illness . She 's got all kinds of weird tics and an arm that seems to always be threatening to go Dr. Strangelove on her . I 'd diagnose any number of neurological illnesses before the schizophrenia which is supposed to be her affliction . Her hallucinations are straight out of The Ring . Avoid this stinker .
 I thought this movie was terrible . I really liked Wrong Turn but this was completely different . VERY BORING ! Not recommended !!!
 the actual story was poor , but it was filmed in my hometown of Rochester NY so I enjoyed seeing locations that I knew
 The real Alphabet Killer story would be a great subject for a film , but this version immediately drives off reality road into fantasy land and eventually ends in BS-ville . It 's the type of movie you wonder why they even bothered to base on a real event . Clearly the writer had somewhere else they wanted to go . Why did n't they just go there without the `` based on true events '' tag . Not worth the time it takes to watch it . Even though Eliza Dushku is trying really hard to act her way out of this bad movie , her efforts fail .
 I have been a big fan of Eliza Dushku since I saw her in `` Bring it On ! '' I also like her character in TV series `` Tru Calling . '' She was in `` Wrong Turn , '' which is not surely the greatest horror movie , but still worth watching . That is why I am interested in `` The Alphabet Killer '' directed by Rob Schmidt , who is also the director of `` Wrong Turn . '' Moreover , this serial killer suspense is , the film claims , `` based on the truth . `` In fact , `` The Alphabet Killer '' is very loosely based on the `` Alphabet Murders '' that took place in Rochester , in the 1970s , but the film 's script focuses a police detective Megan Paige -LRB- Eliza Dushku -RRB- investigating a brutal murder of young girl Carla Castillo -LRB- victims ' names are changed -RRB- . Megan is an able police officer and her fellow detectives -LRB- including her boyfriend Kenneth played by Cary Elwes -RRB- know that , but she becomes too obsessed with the case . She starts seeing things and hearing voices , but is this because she is `` delusional '' ? Or is it because of some supernatural power she alone can feel?Two years later , after medical treatment , Megan is back in the police department . Then a dead body of a girl is found . The killer is still on the loose.The story intrigued me at first , but about 30 or 40 minutes in , I started to lose interest . The acting is very good . The grayish-colored photography captures the bleak atmosphere . But the film does n't tell us much about the cases or weird things Megan sees or hears . Eliza Dushku does her best , but her character and pains does n't convince because we are not given the detailed account of the murder cases , not even the hypothetic theories . In fact , the character of Megan aside , the storyline is pretty conventional.A detective story with an emotionally unstable heroine is not a bad idea . The problem here is that her `` delusions '' have little to do with the way the film resolves its rather predictable whodunit part . It is a pity that the cast and the subject matter deserve a better story like , say , `` Zodiac . ''
 One of the worst jumbled movies I have ever seen in my life . This might have made sense if I had been stoned , but to me it had no real value at all and if the reason you rented the movie was to see Eliza Dushku topless , then you best be quick about it . This movie was supposed to be based on the true story of the double initial killings in Rochester , NY . Not my cup of tea for sure , but then you may just like it , who knows .
 The story plot seemed a little lame . If I was not a huge fan of Eliza Dushka , I probably would not have wasted my time with this one . It was a bonus that she did give a little flash of her lovely breasts . I would only recommend this for someone else who just wants to watch her acting and see her tits .
 This film is horrible . It starts out beautifully , with the little girl trying to tame the fox . She forgets the fox is wild . The film is awesomely picturesque and delightful until the last 15 or so minutes . I would not allow young children to view this . It would horrify them and give them nightmares ! The little girl -LRB- whose parents are mysteriously absent -RRB- gains the fox 's trust , and so she puts a scarf around the fox 's neck and ties a rope to it like one would to a dog . The fox chews off the rope , but the scarf remains on it 's neck and it runs away . Next we see the girl coax the fox into her house and up to the second floor of her bedroom . She closes the door . The fox panics . It wants out . She wo n't let it out . It jumps through the window breaking the glass , and lands on cement two floors down , apparently dead because a selfish girl wants to possess him and control him . It is clear the fox is dead . She carries it to it 's den where it 's offspring live who are n't fully grown yet . Much later she spies the fox , seeing it alive when she thought it dead . The fox only looks at her in horror and goes on it 's way . She decides foxes and humans can not be friends . An awful film . I do not recommend it at all to anyone . It will horrify you .
 I ca n't believe that this film has gotten such good ratings . I bought it to share with an 8 year old girl and fortunately had the good sense to view it before I shared it.The girl wanders off into the woods alone without her family 's knowledge , approaches wild animals -LRB- fox , bear , wolves , etc. . . -RRB- gets lost in the woods over night and practically kills her fox friend . She then drops the near dead fox off at his den and walks away as if it were a throw away toy . I was disgusted by the film .
 Allow me to describe my experience of watching this film with an analogy . It 's like watching someone baking you a cake , using all of the best ingredients , cooking it perfectly , frosting it , decorating it , and then , just before they give it to you ... they poop on it . Just a little , tiny poop , but , really , any amount is enough to contaminate the entire cake , rendering it repulsive and inedible.Let me explain why this is.When I first saw the title , the cover art , and synopsis on the back of the DVD case , I thought that this movie would be a refreshing change of pace , something enjoyable and beautiful . Foxes are among my favorite animals , and I have always loved watching movies that showcase the beauty of nature . Plus , I thought that the vicarious experience of befriending and playing with a wild fox would be fun.And I was right . The cinematography is gorgeous , the fox is beautiful and a joy to see , the mountains and forests are some of the most breathtaking shots of nature I have ever seen , and watching the girl befriending the fox was a lot of fun . Halfway through the movie , I had already decided that this was going to rank among my favorite movies of all time.HOWEVER ! Without revealing anything specifically , something happens in the last ten or so minutes that completely destroys all feelings of well-being that the previous hour or so had instilled in me . -LRB- This may be a small spoiler , but I 'll put it this way
 If this film has a good feature , it is probably the landscape photography . But it ends there . Along with a disjointed storyline that frequently leaves the viewer hanging -LRB- how did the girl get out of the cave ? -RRB- , the film is nothing more than a series of episodes strung together in the editing room . It is so clumsily put together , it would n't pass muster as a student 's first year film project . If there is a story , it is this
 This film is a situation comedy based on laughing at people in awkward situations . If you have a taste for that kind of thing than this movie is for you . Otherwise forget it .
 A film mocking corporate life , placed in one of my favorite countries , Denmark
 I think von Trier is proud of this film stylistically . But when it comes to fun , I do not find this movie very funny . It seems to be a movie for the movie wise heads . But as a normal spectator I do not find it that very entertaining . Anyway there is here and there a joke which made me laugh in the movie . It seems like Trier likes to dig beyond the surface of modern man . In this film the scene is corporate Denmark . One must hope that one day Trier will grow up and leave all that art crap , overcome his fear of air travel , and go to Hollywood !
 I guess you could say I 'm a Lars von Trier fan , this being the fifth film of his I 've seen -LRB- the best by far is Breaking the Waves -RRB- , but this one was an utter disappointment . I was curious to see how he would pull off a comedy , but there is only one joke told seventeen different ways . I laughed the first time . The actors , who do their best , are wasted . The camera roams around looking for something to do . In short , a good one to skip .
 I had high hopes for School for Scoundrels , and that may have added to my eventual disappointment in the film . I should have set my expectations lower but both Thornton and Heder are capable of delivering the laughs - just not in this movie.The movie 's plot , while basic , should have been funny . Heder is a loser with no courage and a panicky/fainting personality . He is sent by a friend who boasts that he 's seeing `` two Asian girls at the same time '' to Thornton -LRB- Dr. P. -RRB- who teaches a rough class that supposedly stiffens spines and will make its students over into lions for $ 5000 . This revolves around hurting the students , yelling at them -LRB- and in the case of Lesher , even raping them -RRB- . Yup , Michael Clark Duncan -LRB- who plays Thornton 's assistant -RRB- starts out as his usual no-nonsense gruff self and then becomes something more creepy and ugly as the movie winds down . Was the image of Duncan raping these losers supposed to add humor to the story?Anyway , as we all know from the previews Heder finds the lion within -LRB- Thornton 's tutelage notwithstanding -RRB- and a new competitive side of Thornton emerges . Not to be upstaged by Heder he moves in on Heder 's girl -LRB- Jacinda Barrett -RRB- . The movie has been slow up till now , the laughs mild and sparse , but things look like they 'll be picking up finally . Heder and Thornton spar for Barrett 's attention and give us some genuine laughs , but as soon as it gets going it falls into the realm of the implausible and not-so-very-funny . When Barrett 's apartment is broken into and vandalized -LRB- supposedly by Heder -RRB- there is n't much to laugh at anymore - except maybe that the movie expects us to believe that she ca n't see through what is happening around her . In fact the scenarios become so ludicrous and ugly that you may be shaking your head in disgust , but not laughing . And Heder 's girl ? Well , she starts to look less and less like a prize worth fighting for as the movie progresses . All the while you have to listen to Barrett 's roommate spout nonsense toward Heder 's character because everyone knows that you ca n't have a comedy without the quirky roommate right ? In this case her quirks are more aggravation and annoyance than anything else.In the end , Ben Stiller shows up with bad hair , bad accent and cats , and with his help Heder is ready to take on Thornton to try and win Barrett 's affection , or save Barrett from Thornton , or beat Thornton , or something like that.Like I said , Thornton and Heder have shown in other movies that they do know how to do comedy , but their performances here are shallow at best . For all the work Thornton had to put into this he could have been reading from que cards the whole time , but that hardly matters his character never breaks free from its mold . Heder is somewhat charming and likeable but spends far too much time being the brooding , loser punching bag . The supporting cast comes and goes but never offers any lasting impression and their inclusion in the film feels like it is by requisite and not the decision of the people in charge for making this movie.Like the supporting cast , the jokes are just the requisite ones and bring no originality to the film , its like no one is even trying with this one the jokes are so dumb . Dumb humor is fine in a dumb humor movie , but School For Scoundrels is n't content to be a dumb humor movie and takes itself way too serious - and tries to force feed the audience with that crap . No thought and no fun ; the movie does n't have anything to stand on.You may enjoy the film if you are a fan of Thornton or Heder . But if you are like me you will feel more ripped off than satisfied by School For Scoundrels .
 This is a god-awful remake of a brilliantly funny British comedy from 1960 of the same nameSchool for Scoundrelsstarring the hilariously subtle Alastair Simm as the professor . Simm as `` Potter '' guides his students through the art of `` one-upsmanship '' by subtly undermining them , making them ill at ease , and feeling inadequate while maintaining the demeanor and guise of being a perfect gentleman at all times . Billy Bob 's mean , paint-balling , yelling jackass Bad Santa rehash just does n't compare ... Please , check out the original -- do n't waste your time on this Dog !!!!!
 I have n't seen such a negative , sub-standard movie in years . The preview looked great but I do n't think I laughed once while watching the real thing .
 this is one steaming heap of poo , Billy Boob Thornton has sunk as low as he possibly can , and Jon Heder , just make Napoleon Dynamite Strikes Again , Napoleon Dynamite works at Burger King , Napoleon Dynamite Joins the Army and so on - stop trying to show the world your acting and comedy range , it shows in this stinker . I would feel bad taking this to a flea market and conning someone out of two bucks for this waste of film . I will have to watch Dirty Rotten Scoundrels for a week to get the vision of School for Scoundrels out of my head . And calling it `` Unrated '' ? Why ? was it because this flick is so bad that the even the rating system did n't know what to call it ?
 You know what I realized today as I watched `` School For Scoundrels '' , starring Billy Bob Thornton and Jon Heder ? Since I have started writing movie reviews , I have used a 5 Star rating system and today , I realized there is a rating that I have never used . No , `` School for Scoundrels '' is n't so good that it needs a rating higher than 5 . It is so bad it needs a rating lower than 1 star . So , here it is . My first rating of ... 0 Stars.Roger Waddell -LRB- Jon Heder -RRB- , a meek New York City meter maid , is having a bad time at work -LRB- anytime someone confronts him , he offers to pay their ticket -RRB- and in his social life -LRB- he ca n't muster the courage to ask his neighbor , Amanda -LRB- Jacinda Barrett , `` Poseidon '' , `` The Last Kiss '' -RRB- out on a date -RRB- . When his third `` Little Brother '' in a row dumps him , the recreation center manager -LRB- David Cross -RRB- suggests he call a mysterious phone number , just like he did . It changed his life . Sitting at home , Roger calls the number and reaches Dr. P -LRB- Billy Bob Thornton -RRB- who instructs him to show up at the Learning Annex carrying a manila envelope with $ 5,000 cash . When he arrives , he and another new student meet Lesher -LRB- Michael Clarke Duncan -RRB- , Dr. P 's assistant . Soon , they learn Dr. P is running a very unorthodox class in how to gain confidence and change your life . Looking at the collection of sad sacks , he becomes disgusted and ends class early . Then Lesher hands out beepers . They must carry the beepers and initiate a confrontation with someone nearby when instructed . Other items on the curriculum include a paintball course for the students , wearing no protective gear , classes in ` how to win the girl ' with Lesher playing the female role and more . Soon , Roger begins to excel in the class and gains the confidence to ask Amanda out on a date . But Dr. P is a competitive guy and does n't like to be upstaged by his students , so he begins to romance Amanda in an attempt to steal her away from him . `` School For Scoundrels '' , written and directed by Todd Phillips -LRB- `` Old School '' , `` Road Trip '' -RRB- , has a very promising premise , we have seen similar set-ups in hundreds of comedies , but every joke is just wrong , oddly paced and there are no laughs throughout this tedious , tedious film.I heard part of an interview with Phillips on NPR 's `` Fresh Air '' in which he stated he wrote the role of Dr. P specifically for Thornton . The actor needs to be more cautious of such flattery in the future . The problem is that we never learn why Dr. P acts like he does . He is a real jerk towards these guys . Sure , they need some coaching , they need some guidance , but Dr. P just does mean things to them , or stereotypical things . In the session when he coaches the men how to treat a lady , he instructs them to `` Lie , lie , lie , then lie some more . '' `` Never pay a compliment ' . Yawn . We have heard these instructions in hundreds of sitcoms . In `` Scoundrels '' , Roger tries to use some of this advice during his date with Amanda . Yes , you would expect that . But when you expect so many things to happen , and they do , the writer and director should take these situations to another level . Phillips does n't even take some of them to the level we would expect . During the date , Roger tries to use the advice , but he ca n't really , he 's too good natured , and Amanda ends up loving him . In other words , many of the expected jokes have no payoff resulting in a tedious , tedious exercise.Another possible saving grace to such a film might come from the actor 's performances . But there again , we come up with zilch . Because we never learn anything about Dr. P , his actions have little or no meaning and there is no comedy involved in any of it . Billy Bob Thornton seems to be doing little more than collecting a paycheck . He never imbues the character with anything unusual or interesting as he has done so memorably in the past . Watching Thornton in this ` comedy ' , I could n't help but think of another one of his films . The trailers for `` Bad Santa '' looked like `` Scoundrels '' actually is , a poor excuse for a comedy . The difference is `` Bad Santa '' was a great black comedy . In `` Scoundrels '' , the set-up is wasted , the actors are wasted and any comedic momentum is completely obliterated by the writing and directing . This results in a tedious , tedious exercise.I fear Jon Heder may be a one-hit wonder . I have yet to see him appear in anything with the promise or brilliance of his debut film `` Napoleon Dynamite '' . But then again , I avoided `` The Benchwarmers '' , his last film starring Rob Schneider and David Spade . I know , I know . I 'm sure it was a comedic gem . But is Heder always going to play a hapless nerd ? In `` Scoundrels '' , he is given a lot of opportunity to create laughter , but these moments just fall flat . In the opening minutes , as he patrols a neighborhood and then gives a ticket to a car parked next to a curb , two big African American guys run out and start pleading with him to stop writing the ticket . This is mildly amusing . Then , when he explains the ticket was already sent to headquarters , they start to threaten him and he jumps into the Meter Maid car and speeds away at 5 mph . Also , mildly amusing . But when the two guys take out a gun and shoot at his vehicle , causing the tires to go flat . Roger has a panic attack and faints and the amusement is gone . There is also the previously mentioned date with Amanda . Thankfully , this scene does n't go the expected ` sit-com ' route . But then again , it does n't go anywhere.Jacinda Barrett is more bland than anything else . Her main purpose in the film is to play sweet and gullible . On the one hand , Amanda has to accept a date with Roger , to show he can get a date with a woman . On the other hand , her character loses any credibility she may have had when she falls for Dr. P.Ben Stiller makes a cameo , as heavily touted in the previews , but did n't take a credit in the beginning of the film . I think there was a loophole in his contract somewhere allowing the studio to promote his involvement . He plays one of Dr. P 's former students , who now lives in Upstate New York with 50 cats . His performance is n't even that funny.David Cross , Horatio Sanz -LRB- `` Saturday Night Live '' -RRB- and Michael Clarke Duncan also collect paychecks in this thoroughly tedious exercise.All blame for this film lies at the feet of writer and director Todd Phillips . Why did he think this film was funny ? `` Old School '' and `` Road Trip '' each had their moments . In `` Scoundrels '' , there is a running joke about Lesher raping male students . The third time they mentioned it , I was still laughing . At one point , someone breaks into Amanda 's apartment painting graffiti everywhere indicating Roger was the culprit . Amanda is gullible enough to believe this . Then , Roger shows up at a tennis court and horns in on a game between Dr. P and Amanda . Every time Roger serves , he manages to hit Dr. P. Naturally , this will do nothing but drive her into his arms . But Roger does n't appear to have seen that episode of `` Three 's Company '' . Please do me a favor and avoid this tedious , tedious excuse for a comedy . Promise me?Did I mention it was a tedious , tedious exercise ?
 This movie starts with a absurd love triangle between a loser and con artist . A set up perhaps similar to something about mary.But instead of trying to get laughs - the film spends most of its time trying to be sincere and emotionally deep and believable . I gues the film tries to be a romantic comedy . Unfortunately , all the action is between the rivals , the chick doesnt get enough screen time -LRB- she seems kinda bland and nice -RRB- , plus the initial romance is never really established . SO the emotional heart of the film is missing . Most of the emotion of this film is the brooding of a gloomy loser.there are a few jokes . the only time the film goes into real comedy territory is the very very end . and its not really that funny .
 I wish I could return it.This may be fine for modern dance , but for anyone looking for belly dance , look elsewhere . I have an open mind about dance , and I know belly dance takes many forms . She does incorporate some belly dance moves , but that is not the dance form she teaches.I strongly suggest you do a video search on this video before you buy it . The clips from her dance at the end will quickly tell you if this is a video you want . I wish I had checked!Also watch out , as several of the warm ups and moves can be harmful to the knees , neck , and/or spine -LRB- knees especially ! -RRB-
 The women in this dvd look angry and robotic . I know that tribal dance is different but I ended up donating this dvd and do n't miss it .
 I was really hoping for something different , interesting , and a bit more on the side of Tribal Belly Dance.What this is , is Tribal heavily mixed with hip hop . I found it to be an unattractive combination.What 's worse is the instruction was poor , especially for beginners.I suppose if your just looking for a work-out this would be fine but , not for Tribal Style instruction .
 I understand that the DVD is about Tribal Fusion Bellydance -LRB- so I knew not to expect anything authentic or Egyptian etc -RRB- but I think there was so much fusion that you really could n't call it belly dance any more.It was more hip hop than anything else.If it were n't for the title , would someone with no experience of belly dance recognise it as such?I did n't like the performance at the end -LRB- for the reasons above -RRB- or the music -LRB- very bland and monotonous -RRB- .
 The sound quality of this movie was very poor . I wish I could get my money back . The movie itself was not too bad , however I did not like Armand Assante in the lead role .
 Bad acting , b rated movie and not the storyline we thought it was going to totally follow . Similar to it , though .
 Children of the Corn -LRB- CotC -RRB- scripts may have never been literary masterpieces , but for some reason , CotC 6 and 7 have scripts that seem like very early drafts -- or even as if they were only partially complete and the directors decided to just wing it for the rest of the film . It 's a shame because both films otherwise had the potential to be quite good.For CotC7 , a relatively oblique path was chosen -LRB- probably to the chagrin of those predisposed to purism -RRB- -- it 's more or less a `` haunted house '' film . This was promising to me , as by the time you get around to the seventh entry in a series , a change of pace is refreshing , and haunted house -LRB- really , haunted anything -RRB- films are probably my favorite horror subgenre.For the first 45 minutes or so , CotC7 was satisfying to me . In fact , for the first 10 or 15 minutes , it seemed reminiscent of the more recent 1408 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , which I loved . It had a good setting , a good premise , good atmosphere , creepy scenes , a bit of eye candy , and even a bit of odd humor.But right about the halfway mark , it starts to unravel . Mysterious characters -LRB- many supernatural -RRB- are never explained , and they keep growing in number . A couple scenes featured supernatural characters that do n't cohere with the rest of the film -- for example , one has a zombie or adult burn victim . The film starts getting choppy , and it begins to feel more like a series of pointless and disconnected `` scary '' set-pieces . Worse , there was a stable of interesting human characters who were never explored enough -- we 're just teased with them and then they 're usually quickly dispatched with relatively generic horror film deaths . And the crux of the story -- Jamie 's -LRB- Claudette Mink -RRB- missing grandmother -- remains murky through the end . The biggest tragedy is that the ball was dropped . With just a bit more work on the script -- another two or three drafts , maybe -- this could have been one of the better entries of this uneven series .
 This movie was awful . Apart from the bad acting , the killings were funny too . They characters had no development either , they were all unnecessary . It was n't scary at all , just funny . LOOK OUT FOR THE KILLER CORN ! AAAH ! The high point of the movie is when you see the gun-nut character in his apartment . If you look to the left of him right after he closes the door , you can see the mic in the mirror ! I laughed for about 5 minutes after that one . Do n't waste your time on this garbage .
 The beginning is extreamly boring but the end I would give five stars . The music was good too but other then that BORING !
 Of all the COTC sequels , this one by far is the worst of the series . It doesnt even have anything to do with the other ones , besides a brief mention of gatlin and `` He who walks behind the rows '' but its just a very brief mention and doesnt really tie into the horrible plot . Also let me say that I , m not strict when rating horror movies , I have liked a lot of them , while others hated them , but I dont see how anyone could watch this movie all the way through without falling asleep or simply dying of total boredom . I mean the only words that the kids use through the first hour of the film is `` Kill '' over and over , It really gets annoying , and the death scenes are also very weak with little to no gore , The sequels before had very graphic , bloody murders . Check this one out only if your a DIE HARD FAN of the series.Rated R for mild violence , language , some nudity and drug use
 I am getting sick and tired of people making uneeded sequels to movies like the original C.O.T.C. Quit this sequel crap , please . If you want to se a good sequel running series , watch Friday The 13th .
 i hate to say this , but this is a terrible sequel.i usually like COTC , a lot.1-3 were good and i have n't seen 4-6 yet so i ca n't tell you about those.But this one , no i do n't like this one.i would n't recommend this to anyone -LRB- unless you want to see someone you hate suffer -RRB- .
 Its pretty bad that Dimension films wants a seventh Children Of The Corn . Isaac 's Return was pretty good but revalation ? The story goes that a pair of FBI agents track down a serial killer to a small town , and find out about the town 's children and their evil cult . Another sequel dozzer and if ya ask me its not worth watching
 No other author in recent memory has had as much consistent success selling books as Stephen King . For roughly three decades the Maine writer churned out book after book , each one selling more and more copies . He 's a world unto himself , the lucky fellow ! He 's so successful that he could throw out his pens , put away his typewriters , bury his word processor six feet under , never write another word in his life , and STILL have enough money to wallpaper the Great Wall of China five times over . In many respects , it 's Stephen King 's world and the rest of us are just living in it . But , and this is a gigantic but , an enormous number of metaphysically bad films based on his novels threaten to put a serious dent in his legacy . We all know the good ones , the ones that not only scared audiences stiff but also helped propel King 's career to even greater heights . `` Carrie '' is probably the best example , followed by `` The Shawshank Redemption '' and `` The Dead Zone . '' These are wonderful , magical films that one can watch again and again without wearying of them . Then there are the rest
 Alright , I believe enough is finally enough . Children of the Corn
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece , because she has been to see the Chincoteague ponies and owns her own horses . This is basically a home video of horses on someone 's farm that she could have made with a video camera in her own yard . There is no talking on the video - just an occasional word or two by the person doing the filming . The horses in the video are pretty , but some type of narration would have made this video much better . It is not at all what we expected .
 I got this video which was truly a home video in a fancy box . There was no information at all . No credits , nothing . The producers missed the boat on this video , would not recommend it . Very disappointing .
 This video was little more than -LRB- very -RRB- shaky home video of ponies in a backyard pasture . My seven year old daughter is intrigued with everything Misty and I thought it would be fun for her to watch a documentary and learn more about the lives of the ponies . This was definitely not that . She watches very little tv and is usually captivated by anything on screen -- especially horses -- but this did not hold her attention past the first five minutes . And the constantly shaking and bumping footage made my head ache !! Clearly , the five star ratings were given by friends or family of the director.To charge $ 19.95 for this is robbery !!
 One giant mistake . I watched this movie based on the comments of the of the previous viewers and I just could n't believe my eyes of the concoction of somebody in Hollywood . In short , this film indicates to me how stupid some writers are . Definately a waste of money . Not even worth $ 0.25 . A good production for say some company in 4th rate country , just maybe ...
 Well , where do we begin ? With a title that promises to be a trashy fun time only to be let down by the reality of what the production has to realistically offer
 I got this out of the $ 5 bin at Wal-Mart . It was worth every penny and less . Lorenzo Lamas 's career has managed to dig below its nadir . to . In a career of bad project choices I think that Lorenzo Lamas has reached his peak . I 'll bet Steven Sagal passed on this . Did I say passed ? I meant to spell it with an `` i. '' The dialogue was Gawd-Awful . There were chunks of exposition that were there just to fill in the backstory for viewers . It must have been as excruciating to act in this embarrassment of a film as it was to watch . Doctor Frankenstein could n't bring this script to life . I have training in hazmat and even I would n't approach this if I knew how toxic it was .
 Some of these cheezy `` B '' movies are so bad , they are funny without trying to be . MS vs GO is not one of these . There were a few moments that got a chuckle , usually from the really bad computer graphics , or poor location choices -LRB- The San Francisco International Airport is nowhere near a beach ... which was supposed to be Half Moon Bay ... really bad with locations here -RRB- or the bad military graphics ... When Mega Shark is flanking the destroyer , tiny explosions are seen coming from the boats guns , which are not even raised shooting straight forward . I was also amazing how 99 % of the Japanese actors spoke perfect American/English . Not that I was expecting realism here ... Does n't anybody look at these mistakes while editing or making the movie.This movie could have been made by an elementary school video class . Debbie Gibson did an okay job , as did her Japanese love interest , but that `` Irish '' guy ... what a bozo !
 Come ! See a giant prehistoric Megaladon shark jump from the ocean depths into the sky to snatch an airliner out of the sky ! Come ! See a prehistoric octopus single handidly -LRB- get it ? -RRB- take out an oil platform ! Come ! See a giant prehistoric Megaladon shark , who seems to get bigger throughout the movie , take a bite out of a U.S. Navy battleship ! Come ! See a giant prehistoric Megaladon shark take a bite out of a major U.S. landmark!Seriously though - Wow , just wow , that 's all I can say . I 'm a fan of B movies and the cheesier the better . I also rarely , IF EVER , would utter the comment `` that was the worst movie that I have ever seen '' . However , I found myself saying just that as I watched this cinematic cheese fest . Basically , this movie is about a prehistoric Megaladon shark and octupus who are awakened out of a prehistoric deep freeze by a government -LRB- at least I think it was a government experiment , it never says -RRB- experiment . Debbie Gibson just happens to be under water in a mini-sub when this happens and catches it on tape . She , along with other scientists and a lone survivor of one of the beast attackes -LRB- who , for some unexplained reason is locked away forever in prison for surviving the attack -RRB- , then began to be followed by `` the government '' for whatever reason . The two beasts then begin to wreak global havoc -LRB- if taking out a few ships can really be considered global havoc and a threat to mankind -RRB- and must be stopped . As has already been stated by others -LRB- and in case you are clueless , it 's all meant as sarcasm -RRB- , Debbie Gibson and Lorenzo Lamas give Academy Award winning performances -LRB- as does the rest of the cast which is like 20 people -RRB- in this film . Debbie Gibson is some kind of marine biologist/scientist and Lorenzo Lamas is the black suit wearing , pony tailed , secret government / military operative -LRB- or whatever he was supposed to be since they do n't bother telling you -RRB- happily sacrificing U.S. service personnel in the name of eradicating the global meance of the shark and octopus.If you like cheese with your movie -LRB- and I 'm talking Limberger here -RRB- , completely ridiculous scripts that were written by 10 year olds who somehow got enough money from someone to make a movie , CGI effects made by the same 10 year old on their desktop computer , the same background/supplemental/CGI scene shown over and over again instead of filming something different , watching people who must have been picked off of the street at the last minute try to act , and sitting through a movie that begins to make taking your own life seem like a pleasant alternative , than this is the THE MOVIE for you - let me tell you !
 This movie is just awful.I watched it for fun and it was painful to watch the whole thing.Graphics are poor.Plot is poor.Acting is bad.There are alot of political inserts.comments against USA politics . - water boarding - global warming - save the whales.pass this by . burn it if you own it .
 I got this hoping it would be so bad it would be good . Turns out it 's so bad it 's just plain old BAD!In many ways it pointless trying to apply rational criticism to a film like this , nevertheless ... dreadful script -LRB- including lines such as ' I managed to speak with one of the only survivors ! ' -RRB- , dire acting , utterly unrealistic sets and about six SFX shots just repeated endlessly . All extremely amateurish . Oh , and what was all that black and white flash-cutting about?The one thing I could n't work out was whether the film is deliberately being ironic or is meant to be taken at face value . Either way , I could n't care less.Maybe if you 've downed a bottle of wine , are in giggly mood and with friends , it might be fun . Otherwise , and to repeat myself
 Quick , what 's part-shark , part-octopus , and gorges itself on stupid morons just dying to be eaten?Before there was Sharktopus , there was Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus.It all starts with Debbie Gibson in a submarine . Read that carefully . Debbie . Gibson . Submarine . Got that ? Good.So the U.S. government is trying to shatter the ice shelf , which accidentally releases a carcharocles megalodon -LRB- Mega Shark -RRB- and octopus giganteus -LRB- Giant Octopus -RRB- . Never mind that they were frozen in ice and instantly come to life as soon as the iceberg is shattered . Point being they 're free to continue their battle , which is to chase each other around in the ocean , destroying battleships , submarines , and slow-moving jetliners in the process.Then Lorenzo Lamas shows up as a government representative , with an evil-mandated ponytail -LRB- of course -RRB- . The entire purpose of his existence is apparently to contradict everything Gibson says with a snarky aside.As an acting exercise , this is a terrible film . The stultifying presence of Lamas ' perpetual sneer and Gibson 's wide-eyed , heavily-made up gawk create such a black hole of suck that the only reason the octopus and the shark do n't get pulled into it is because they 're so big.As a gore-fest , this is a terrible film . The monsters are so large that there really is n't any gore to speak of . They just smash poorly rendered CG of planes , trains , and automobiles.As a kaiju monster battle , this is a terrible film . The monsters never appear in their full glory ; instead , the octopus lamely wraps a tentacle or two around the shark . Then , because the guys at movie house Asylum obviously did n't have enough budget , they replay the scene again . Then they flip it and replay it again in the vain hope you do n't notice . We noticed.As a film , this is a terrible film . The hand actor who uses different nail polish to pilot the submarine is obviously not Gibson , who does n't wear the same polish . `` Science '' consists of brightly colored beakers poured into test tubes . Battleships fire in just one direction -LRB- forward -RRB- even though the giant monsters - the proverbial broad side of a barn - are right next to them ... because Asylum could n't get stock footage of the guns turning.Don ' t be fooled by the fact that the trailer for this movie went viral . Those are the only good scenes in the entire film , and they alone are not enough to save it . No , nothing can save it ; not even the combined superpowers of Debbie Gibson and Lorenzo Lamas.Sharktopus eats this movie for breakfast .
 The title should say , `` Do n't expect much . '' I expected a bad script , bad acting , bad science , and bad special effects . In that regard I was n't disappointed . If you decide to turn it off after a giant shark jumps out of the water and takes a jet out of the sky , wait . We later find out they can travel 500 knots , but have trouble catching a nuclear sub doing less than say , 40 knots . No wait . These nuclear subs have something called `` emergency turbos '' so maybe they can go faster . Sailors on nuclear subs do n't carry handguns . Really . Who would they shoot underwater ? At one point they flash the locations of the recent attacks . Nearly all were in the Pacific ocean as expected . There were 3 in the Atlantic . As Sarah Palin might tweet , `` WTF ? '' These creatures for some unexplained reason are impervious to conventional weapons so the military led by our secret government kidnaps three scientists to employ them for information on how to kill them . They get right on the task by mixing water tainted with various vegetable dies . We discover red water added to blue water makes purple water and that blonds love Japanese men who try to act like Sulu as much as Orientals love blonds . After a romp in a closet , they figure out they can lure the creatures into certain ports -LRB- San Francisco and Tokoyo -RRB- which have a natural shelf and then trap them . The idea being they can get in , but somehow they ca n't get out , unless they catch a ride with a plane flying overhead . They then manufacture a phermone of an extinct animal for which they would normally have no idea where to start . We know they are successful because when they mix two liquids together it turns florescent green and Debbie Gibson smiles.At one point Japanese and American subs are in the same area . All the American subs are destroyed but one . The Japanese civilian scientist asks , which one is it , as Debbie or now Deborah Gibson is on one of them . The captain says , `` No way of telling . '' After making subs -LRB- this film and Moby Dick -RRB- do all kinds of things beyond any smidgeon of realism , they claim they `` ca n't tell . '' Really they can tell . Each sub has its own unique underwater signature.The creatures look very artificial . But what did you expect ? If you enjoy getting stoned and watching `` Lost in Space '' episodes , give this one 5 stars.Movie drops f-bomb once , no nudity , no sex scenes .
 IF IT WERE POSSIBLE , ZERO STARS OR -5 WOULD BE A BETTER RATING.Just watched this `` movie '' on SyFy Channel . I will never get that 2 hours back . There are some very poor movie shots of USS Missouri -LRB- BB-63 -RRB- , which is identified as a `` destroyer . '' The commanding officer of this destroyer is a Submariner , not a surface sailor -LRB- not in my navy -RRB- . Later they show a foreign Frigate and identify it as another US Destroyer , once again a submarine CO. . Did the writer , producer , director , ever even hear of the US Navy . let alone interface with it ? Since when does the Modern US Navy run submarines in `` Wolf Packs ? `` Alright , enough about the Navy Bloopers . Dialog , special effects , script , `` acting , '' and everything else is just abominably poor . Read a book , take a nap , get drunk , just do not waste time on this farce ! Worst movie of the century award should be given . This movie makes me long for the old `` B '' Movies of the 60 's . I fully believe that this was re-released under a different cover because the reviews of the original were so bad . This was like watching a Porsche wreck by running into a Ferrari , so bad it makes you want to puke , but you just have to see it . No matter how bad it gets , it then gets worse .
 The title should say , `` Do n't expect much . '' I expected a bad script , bad acting , bad science , and bad special effects . In that regard I was n't disappointed . If you decide to turn it off after a giant shark jumps out of the water and takes a jet out of the sky , wait . We later find out they can travel 500 knots , but have trouble catching a nuclear sub doing less than say , 40 knots . No wait . These nuclear subs have something called `` emergency turbos '' so maybe they can go faster . Sailors on nuclear subs do n't carry handguns . Really . Who would they shoot underwater ? At one point they flash the locations of the recent attacks . Nearly all were in the Pacific ocean as expected . There were 3 in the Atlantic . As Sarah Palin might tweet , `` WTF ? '' These creatures for some unexplained reason are impervious to conventional weapons so the military led by our secret government kidnaps three scientists to employ them for information on how to kill them . They get right on the task by mixing water tainted with various vegetable dies . We discover red water added to blue water makes purple water and that blonds love Japanese men who try to act like Sulu as much as Orientals love blonds . After a romp in a closet , they figure out they can lure the creatures into certain ports -LRB- San Francisco and Tokoyo -RRB- which have a natural shelf and then trap them . The idea being they can get in , but somehow they ca n't get out , unless they catch a ride with a plane flying overhead . They then manufacture a phermone of an extinct animal for which they would normally have no idea where to start . We know they are successful because when they mix two liquids together it turns florescent green and Debbie Gibson smiles.At one point Japanese and American subs are in the same area . All the American subs are destroyed but one . The Japanese civilian scientist asks , which one is it , as Debbie or now Deborah Gibson is on one of them . The captain says , `` No way of telling . '' After making subs -LRB- this film and Moby Dick -RRB- do all kinds of things beyond any smidgeon of realism , they claim they `` ca n't tell . '' Really they can tell . Each sub has its own unique underwater signature.The creatures look very artificial . But what did you expect ? If you enjoy getting stoned and watching Lost in Space , give this one 5 stars . Movie drops f-bomb once , no nudity , no sex scenes .
 was n't expecting much from this but I did expect a crappy cgi fight between a giant shark and octopus instead I was given shaky cameras and reaction shots spliced into the same 3 second footage of the shark swimming forward over and over and over again . The title monsters are absent through most of this film with the majority of their actions happening off screen as for the fight you see 10 seconds of the octopus wrapped around a mildly thrashing shark then they sink into darkness . The acting is bad but I can forgive that in a B movie but the sheer laziness of the production ruins any camp value it might have .
 What a sophomoric title for a review . I feel ashamed for having written it . But the reality of the situation is , I could n't think of a more apt summary for this full frontal assault on B-movies . Because who would expect anything other than a B-movie with a title like Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus ? B-movies are meant to be fun , which makes this effrontery on the part of the filmmakers - if they can even be called that - more than a bit perplexing . Is this the quality to be expected on SyFy from now on?An utter waste of time and resources that does n't even deserve a proper review . The script , acting , cinematography , music are all equally horrible . And despite the fact that fairly impressive special effects are routinely created on very modest budgets nowadays - YouTube is rife with `` homemade '' short films that boast great effects work - not only is there nothing special about the effects that are pawned off in this atrocity , they are downright insulting . 8-bit video games from the 80s look better than this mess.The reviewer who said that the cover is the best part about the movie is right . I concur . What a stark contrast to the efforts of Full Moon from the 90s . That 's how B-movies are done . Would that be so hard ? Asylum represents the worst bottom feeders of filmdom . Stay away .
 Contains spoilers ... I do n't know why I keep doing these things to myself . This is the movie equivalent of self-harming . Maybe it 's a cry for attention.This `` masterpiece '' from the aptly named `` Asylum '' production company is about a prehistoric Megalodon -LRB- Mega shark , get it ? -RRB- and a giant octopus -LRB- pretty straightforward that one -RRB- that were locked in battle 10 million years ago and frozen in ice . They manage to get free -LRB- somehow they are still alive !!! -RRB- by some US government interference -LRB- grrrrrrr ! Those guys , do n't get me started ! -RRB- and they race off around the world causing various disasters -LRB- the monsters , not the US government -RRB- . These disasters include some of the most ridiculous scenes I have ever witnessed in a film.At one point the `` mega shark '' jumps into the air to attack a jet airliner !!! Considering that aircraft like that usually fly at over 30,000 ft , that has to rank simply stupid . No matter what film it 's in . It also bites a chunk out of the Golden Gate Bridge!Anyway some `` scientists '' get hijacked by a government official -LRB- grrrrrrr ! -RRB- , who turns out to be Falcon Crest 's Lorenzo Lamas and they have to come up with plan to capture/kill the silly creatures . One of the scientists is Debbie Gibson , teen pop sensation from the 80 's ! She 's accompanied by a stereotypical Japanese guy -LRB- sayonara ! -RRB- and a Dubliner -LRB- Jaysis howaya ! -RRB- So , er ... the world is in pretty safe hands . Either way , through the use of incredibly ridiculous plot devices -LRB- even for a film with this title -RRB- they manage to get the two terrible CGI leviathan 's to have a fight ... hence the name.The producers of this rubbish are so desperate to latch onto that dubious B-movie glory , that everything is played straight as if they were trying to make a serious movie in the first place and ended up with an Ed Wood feature instead . The problem is that Ed Wood really was trying to make serious pictures and failed , due to various reasons , but left us with with some B-movie gold -LRB- although I have to admit I 've never been a fan -RRB- . However , ` Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus ' is flashing it 's mediocrity all over the place and hoping that it 'll fall into that category and because of that distain for the audience , it 's ends up being un-enjoyable . Unfortunately , explaining the premise of this film is SO much better than having to actually sit through it . The movie is just too stupid to be entertaining . It 's knowingly trying to hit that `` so bad it 's good '' vibe , but it fails miserably because it 's doing it in a deliberate way . The film makers have completely missed the point that the `` so bad it 's good '' vibe happens by accident , not by design .
 I bought this movie for my little bro since he liked sharks and the movie sucked , i dont recommend it to be honest .
 OK , I 'm a classic sci-fi/horror fan . I adore so many of the films from the 50s and 60s that most critics and die-hard fans hate , but this film was more than this ` B ' film fan could endure!I can honestly say , if you viewed the trailer for this film , you saw the best aspects of it ! This film really could have been a lot of fun , given the idea , but I ca n't even say I had fun watching this one . Very flat an uninspired acting , bad CGI and probably the worst mistake ... no eye-popping kills , which , let 's be honest , the only reason most would even give a film like this a chance , to begin with.Save the money you 'd spend on this and the time you would waste and check out some real classic ` B ' film !
 Well of course I knew this was gon na be bad , but with the trailer showing the Mega Shark eating a passenger airplane , the film was screaming out to be watched!But yes , it is really bad . 95 % of the film is spent watching the cast emote and talk about the two monsters and only 5 % of screen time is devoted to actually showing them . The budget must have been really low because even with this tiny amount of on screen time the filmmakers still repeat several of the shots multiple times , such as the Mega Shark -LRB- I love calling it that ! -RRB- bombing through the water towards the camera , or the Giant Octopus opening and closing its tentacles like an umbrella.Nearly all the creature shots are underwater and VERY murky , and the few that are n't are SO brief that you can barely see them . Let me list them : Mega Shark attacks a plane
 I guess it was just too good to be true . Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus , with the object of one of my teen crushes right there in the middle of the action . Man , I had been looking forward to this movie so much , especially after seeing the cheesy greatness of Mega Piranha . Sadly , I must report that Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus just does n't deliver the goods . Rather than letting us sit back and revel in the prehistorically gigantic havoc wreaked by our two title characters , some nimrod went and used up most of the time with a poorly written , downright stupid storyline.As the story is told to us , a Megaladon and a giant octopus chose to stay and fight when all the rest of their species were fleeing the effects of the Ice Age -LRB- as if the Ice Age just suddenly happened overnight rather than over the course of a few million years -RRB- . There they stayed , frozen in ice , until some stupid government project accidentally unleashed them on the world . The next thing you know , both military and civilian vessels are being attacked all over the world . The US military throws its collective hands up in the air after failing to kill the giant shark with a few naval guns , while the Japanese are apparently content to put all of its government trust in some junior scientist who comes to America to join forces with a university professor and his former student . Normally , as we all know , the Japanese would find some little boy in short pants and put him in charge of a whole task force , so I do n't know what they were thinking here . Anyway , our trio of scientific geniuses comes up with a plan to lure the creatures into San Francisco Bay and Tokyo Bay . You can guess how well that works out.The absolute highlight of this entire movie involves Mega Shark and a commercial jet -LRB- Michael Jordan has nothing on Mega Shark -RRB- . It 's all downhill after that scene - and , unfortunately , that scene takes place fairly early in the movie . Except for a grumpy Lorenzo Lamas , this whole film is basically an exhibition of bad acting . I was a Debbie Gibson fan long after it was no longer a cool thing to be , but Deborah is less than convincing here as a renegade marine biologist and - as much as it pains me to say it - she has not aged all that well . She 's still a better actor than her co-star Vic Chao , though . The romantic subplot that develops between their two characters has to be the most tepid and lifeless romance in the history of cinema.Even though this is the most disappointing of all the Asylum monster movies I 've seen , Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus has the distinction of being the first Asylum production to be given a theatrical release . According to IMDB , it only opened on one screen in the UK , but I guess that 's enough to count as an official theatrical release . I can also report that , having done Mega Shark wrong with this movie 's inane plot , Asylum brought him back to fight a giant crocodile in the much more entertaining Mega Shark vs Crocosaurus .
 Why even watch Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus ? Well , I like giant monster movies and the Blue Ray was only five bucks at the store , so how wrong could I go ? I guess the first clue was that the movie starred Deborah Gibson , the former teen pop star from the 1980s known then as Debbie Gibson . Gibson may be a has-been as a singer -LRB- or maybe she 's still okay , I do n't follow her music -RRB- , but as an actress , she 's practically a never-was . She is not just a bad actress , she 's a BAD actress . The only thing that helps her performance is that she 's surrounded by many other bad actors and actresses.The plot involves Gibson as a marine biologist who witnesses the title monsters being freed from a glacier , where they proceed to go their separate ways and wreak havoc in the sea lanes . Mega Shark is so big , it can leap out of the ocean and grab a plane or the Golden Gate Bridge in its mouth . Giant Octopus treats submarines as if they were bath toys . Both travel super fast and can not be stopped by naval destroyers.Of course , in a movie like this , science and even plausibility can be thrown out the window , but that 's still no excuse for the many other flaws in this movie . From the get-go , there are continuity problems , as we see Gibson 's close-up hand with dark nail polish , and then in the same scene , with no polish . Almost every actor seems to be reading off of cue cards , with the rare overacting ham providing a distraction from all the stiff acting . There are dozens of clich&eacute;s , including the secretive government agents , many in suits and dark sunglasses . Oh , and then there 's the awful directing ... All of which would be no problem at all if the main event is any good . You do n't watch Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus for the writing , acting or directing . You watch it for the monster-on-monster action . Even this is a disappointment ; by the time we get to the big fight , there 's barely fifteen minutes left in the movie , and the fight takes maybe three of those minutes , with action that is murky , hard to follow and kind of boring . Obviously , everything is CGI , but still , we do n't see that much , as if the director is flinching away from the key scenes . This is not so-bad-it 's good ; it 's just cynical moviemaking at its worst .
 Just watched this `` movie '' on SyFy Channel . I will never get that 2 hours back . There are some very poor movie shots of USS Missouri -LRB- BB-63 -RRB- , which is identified as a `` destroyer . '' The commanding officer of this destroyer is a Submariner , not a surface sailor -LRB- not in my navy -RRB- . Later they show a foreign Frigate and identify it as another US Destroyer , once again a submarine CO. . Did the writer , producer , director , ever even hear of the US Navy . let alone interface with it ? Since when does the Modern US Navy run submarines in `` Wolf Packs ? `` Alright , enough about the Navy Bloopers . Dialog , special effects , script , and everything else is just a waste of time . Read a book , take a nap , get drunk , just do not waste time on this farce ! Worst movie of the century award should be given . This movie makes me long for the old `` B '' Movies of the 60 's .
 The title sounds epic like one of theThe Godzilla Collectionmovies , but this is n't as fun to watch . If you are n't bored to tears within a few minutes of Mega Shark leaping out of the water to down a 747 and sinking a Navy destroyer you 're watching some really bad movies . Far to much epicly uninteresting dialogue by mediocre actors -LRB- Lamas and Gibson made a bad choice making this movie -RRB- staring at black and white pictures of a shark on a computer and child like drawings on paper should tell you something . The most dramatic part is when the shark attacks their sub and they play the music really , really loud and fast and the actors fall all over to pretend the sub is in the sharks jaws . I think the director and script writer conspiracy to make these people look incredibly bad would have gotten better screenplay . You 'll find more suspense staring at a cat napping . The only thing that can save this movie for you is if you are with a group of inebriated friends that are easily amused by bad movies . Okay I admit I was amused some because of how bad it was without being blasted but it may have been because I had n't enough sleep the night before . I 'm glad I watched this for free on the SciFi channel or I might have felt more cheated and dirty . If you enjoyed this I recommend seeing a psychiatrist.P.S . With this budget I could have made a far more interesting movie about Klingons and their voyage to Uranus.CA Luster
 This is one of those movies you can say you 've seen once , and that 's enough . Fuzzy images and short of FX ... could have been much better this movie fails to impress . Title picture is misleading . Yes we know the critter is in the water , and we actually to get to see a cruise ship , but the actual attack with the ship being pulled under is presumably off screen as the movie flashes to the next scene .
 This was n't great , but it wasnt poor either . I really did not like the CGI effects in this . I thought that that Octopus was really the best part of the movie but it wasnt on screen long enough.Characters were bland which is par for the course of made for DVD or TV movies . No blood , gore , nudity , vomit , etc which to me is a rare treat . Its about the monsters but alas the fight between the 2 monsters does n't occur until the very end . Mostly this had more of the Mega Shark in it.Simply story , you 've seen it before - a huge iceberg breaks releasing 2 prehistoric creatures that are ` unstoppable ' . . they obviously hadnt watched superior movies on how to stop giant Sharks and OctopiWorth renting because it was kind of entertaining if nothing else ... Deborah Gibson and Lorenzo Lamas are pretty much wasted here . . But I did like the Giant Octopus for the little time it was on screen :-RRB- 2 stars for that !
 As an avid Deborah Gibson fan , I jumped right on up and bought this movie . BIG MISATKE there . I made my 3 friends watch it with me , and it so so terrible , so awful , that we did n't even get through 45 minutes.There is NO PLOT , there IS terrible acting , and you ca n't understand anything Deborah Gibson says because of her lisp . This is coming from a true Deborah Gibson fan of over 10 years - do n't buy this , do n't even rent it . If you get it as a gift , throw it away!Any review over 2 stars with positive feedback is a LIE
 Fortunately this movie was only 90 minutes instead of 2 hours long , because 30 minutes was too much for this movie . About the only entertaining moment was when the giant shark jumped thousands of feet into the air to grab the airliner , but that 's only about 5 seconds of the movie , and you still have the other 90 minutes . The scene with the giant octopus smacking another plane out of the sky actually does n't appear in the movie -- only in the previews . At least you would have had 10 seconds of entertainment out of the 90 minutes.The acting is well , amateurish , the only half-way decent one being the old scientist , ca n't recall his name . But anyway , I 've seen better acting in high school plays.This movie was n't worth the $ 3.99 I paid to rent it on FIOS on Demand . This movie probably deserves one star but I give it two stars just because I feel sorry for the actors who probably had no other prospects than to take this job . If you 've seen the previews you 've seen the best this movie has to offer , so pass this turkey up and save your money.If you 're a fan of really hokey , cheesy movies like that horrible version of Isaac Asimov 's Nightfall that came out around 20 years ago or Ed Wood 's Plan 9 from Outer Space , then maybe this is for you , but if not avoid this one like the plague.By the way , that Nightfall movie has 25 reviews on Amazon , 21 of them being 1 star . To say something positive about this movie , at least it beat Nightfall .
 We rented this movie-knowing it would be cheesy . Boy were we way off . This is the WORST movie * EVER * made , and saying that , know that I am a HUUUGE Deborah Debbie Gibson fan , and even still , I could n't stand this movie no matter how many drinks I had . I 'm so glad I did n't buy it but mad that I spent 3.99 st Blockbuster renting it . I would rather have my hands slammed in a car door , then be kneed in the groin and then have salt spilled in open wounds than to se this moive again . No plot , bad acting -- even the SHARK had bad acting . I 'm ashamed to be a Debbie Gibon fan .
 I 've had a crush on Debbie Gibson for 20 years , but not even she can save this movie . It 's a shame , too , because if they 'd just turned it up another notch , it would have been awful enough to be funny.Gibson plays an oceanographer who 's piloting a mini-sub off the Alaskan coast when the U.S. Navy drops a secret sonar device into the water . The device shatters some deep-sea ice and releases two prehistoric creatures
 I always laugh about those who make a review about the worst movie they 've ever seen . Now , it happened to me . Really the worst ! Deborah , i love you , and you are great , but this movie is truly awful .
 I bought this as a birthday gift for my boyfriend who is a serious Debbie Gibson fan - teenage crush kind of thing . He loved it -LRB- OK , he loved Debbie Gibson -RRB- but this has to be one of the worst movies I have had to endure ! The only one worse than this was Clash of the Titans . My boyfriend specifically requested this movie for his birthday , otherwise I never would have wasted my money . If you just have to see this piece of trash , rent it -LRB- if you can -RRB- or buy it used -LRB- unless you are stuck , like me , with buying it as a gift - too tacky to give some one a used DVD as a gift -RRB- .
 The cover art is the only good thing about this trash . This movie is terrible . It has bad special effects and absurd dialogue . The majority of the cast could n't act to save their life . The accent of the `` professor '' kept going in and out and even when it was in it was a terrible attempt at an irish accent . This movie is just as bad as every other Asylum movie and 10 times as bad as any Sci Fi Channel original you 've ever seen . An example of how bad this movie is
 I love creature movies . This movie was the worst . Did not even watch all of it , it was that bad . The actors , shark and octopus were pathetic . A total waste of $ 20.00 .
 I wish it were possible to give a movie `` minus 5 stars '' ! Any one of you who believes the 4 and 5 star reviews saying this is a great movie with great acting and great action sequences is simply too stupid to live ! These reviews are nothing but FAKE posts from people involved with making / selling the movie for the `` studio '' ! The 68 second trailer tells you EVERYTHING you need to know ... `` Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus '' is THE DUMBEST `` MOVIE '' -LRB- I use the term movie loosely -RRB- EVER MADE ... PERIOD!Many of us are suckers for the idea of a giant shark or gargantuan octopus ... but a shark so big it can bite a Navy Ship / Golden Gate Bridge in half ... or jump 30,000 feet in the sky ? An octopus so big it could swat a Navy Fighter out of the sky?Next thing you know , they will have a shark so big , it can swallow an Aircraft Carrier WHOLE , or an octopus so big , it could reach out of N.Y. Harbour and rip the Empire State Building apart!If the Acadamy Awards had a `` worst film of the year award '' this movie would win hands down -LRB- or should I say `` tentacles down '' ? -RRB- . Just watch `` Jaws '' for the 1000th time , `` It Came From Beneath the Sea '' or the Made-For-Television movie `` Beast '' -LRB- with William Peterson from C.S.I. -RRB- .
 Saw the DVD box , turned it over and saw Asylum , promptly put the box face down . This company 's use of Amazon to write fake glowing reviews of their `` products '' is sad . My 1 star rating is an attempt to lower the overall rating to help fight these scammers .
 I love shark movies . Not even my love could make me like this hunk of crap . When Debbie Gibson is the best actor in the movie what does that tell you ? Lorenzo LameAss was horrible beyond words ! What is up with all the politcal undertones ? Are you really trying to preach in this flick ? How does a shark tackle a plane at 30,000 feet ? WTF were you smoking ? WTF are you reviewers smoking ? You must have either worked on the film or are related to losers who made this ! WARNING
 Could n't pay me $ 18.49 to own this . If you want Hollywood to up the quality level of movie entertainment , please do n't endorse something that is obviously such trash.Watching a documentary on how & why this movie was made would have more redeeming qualities and probably be alot more interesting .
 This movie has about as much imagination and creativity as the title!My brain took a REAL BEATING watching this one ! I really could not believe my eyes.This film contains the worst acting in the history of cinema ! It is typical TRASH from Asylum . They had such a great opportunity to make a fun giant monster movie and they blew it ! They should take all the original negatives from this film , burn them , then bury the ashes in an undisclosed location , put the director in a Turkish prison , then make all the actors pay restitution to an oceanographic institution of their choice . This disc would make a better use as a urinal cake !! This TRULY is one of the worst films I have ever seen . You have been warned !!!
 I do n't see how they could have possibly made a worse film . I 'm a huge fan of campy horror movies -LRB- I own all the Godzilla , Ghidrah , and Gamera films for example , as well as a nice collection of horror cheese from Lake Placid to House -RRB- . I 've always enjoyed such things . Yes , I even own many of Ed Wood 's cinematic atrocities.But , as others have said , this film does n't even qualify in the `` so bad it 's good '' category . Some years ago I wrote a column called `` Zippers '' . In it , I would point out the mistakes made in films . Sometimes it was as small as a cigarette burning backwards and other times it was something huge like the self-repairing yellow Porche in `` Commando '' . This alleged film has so many errors that I was constantly distracted from the movie itself . For example :1 . The actual battle that the movie title comes from takes place after an hour of each creature being in separate oceans .2 . The battle is mostly made up of 2 or 3 clips , each about 2 seconds long , played repeatedly as jump cuts .3 . Several times we see the massive shark roughly 10 yards behind a sub . Yet when the sub fires the stern torpedoes at the beast , the creature is nowhere to be seen and we see the torpedoes racing through a completely empty sea .4 . A sub - complete with a super secret joystick driven control panel AND turbo power - is reported as 20 meters away from hitting an undersea rock outcropping . Roughly 20 seconds later , a crewman announces that they are now 15 meters away . Then , after still more time passes , just 10 meters away . I could row a danged destroyer quicker .5 . Ahh never mind . There were over 75 such errors I found just in a single viewing of this Blu Ray . If I were to really list them , we 'd be here for days even without me complaining about the massive loss of life in Japan that we are told about , but never get so much of a glimpse of . Way to save on the budget guys!This clunker is more lame than a 1-legged man with a broken ankle.I 've read bad reviews of films I love hundreds of times . Some people just do n't appreciate the pure campy joy of watching a deliberately cheesy movies like the Puppet Master series from Full Moon studios -LRB- or anything else Full Moon produces for that matter -RRB- or the trash masterpieces from Troma studios . This is not one of those . I LOVE such brainless fun!Fans of the type of `` funny '' and low budget movies that Roger Corman built his career upon - take this from a fellow cheese-a-holic and MST3K junkie . If you buy this movie you will lose money , time out of your life , and quite possibly lower your IQ by several dozen points . If you ca n't survive without seeing pictures of an adult Debbie Gibson , just surf the web or watch the trailer online for free . Her presence is only there to create a curiosity factor -LRB- much like Tiffany in Mega Pirannha -RRB- and her acting while not atrocious , is not reason enough to watch this movie.Since viewing , I 've scrubbed and scrubbed and just ca n't get rid of this unsightly film .
 Lets get a very poor computer simulation of a giant shark jumping out of the water and bring down a commercial 737 airplane . Wow !!!! SURE LOOKED REAL TO ME . Everything in this movie is bad except Debbie Gibson -LRB- She 's pretty -RRB- but she ca n't act . She should have stuck to singing . Lorenzo Lamas must have had some important bills to pay and was desperate for money . Why else would he or anyone else want to be in this trash can of a film . You want to see the movie . Look at the cover . That 's about as good as it gets
 You have to see to believe how bad this movie is , not to mention the acting and directing ... makes ed wood look like coppola
 This film succeeded in a few ways such as marketing and financing but it flunked in other ways such as the movie its self ... it was dreaded!Plot
 `` When the shark bites , with his teeth dear , CGI blood starts to spread . But as octo-pi have green blood , there 's never -LRB- no never -RRB- a trace of red ... `` I spotted this in the $ 5 bin at Best Buy , and could n't resist . `` MS vs GO '' is beyond ludicrous . The sight of a -LRB- roughly -RRB- 1000-foot -LRB- !!! -RRB- shark leaping into the air a height several times its body length -LRB- !!!! -RRB- and snatching/snacking an airplane -LRB- !!!!! -RRB- has to be one of the most-idiotic scenes in the history of motion pictures.The acting and directing are on the same level . The actors exude an almost-continual cheeriness that 's completely out of place . The director has no concept of pacing or tone . He does n't make the least effort to create a sense of fear or dread , or even / frighten / the audience , something that even awful '50s flicks attempt.If `` MS vs GO '' is / supposed / to be a spoof , ya coulda fooled / me / . The closest it approaches satire is the way the Japanese scientist -LRB- Vic Chao -RRB- talks like the scientists & reporters in a Godzilla movie . The writer -LRB- one `` Ace Hannah '' -- is that the screenwriting equivalent of Alan Smithee ? -RRB- misses many opportunities to skewer the genre.The CGI is cheap-looking , but appears to have been so expensive -LRB- relative to the minuscule budget -RRB- that the same shots are used over and over and over again . Even after the shark has bitten off part of a tentacle , the following scenes show the octopus intact . The shark more or less resembles a shark , but the octopus looks like a cheap plastic toy . And when they finally battle it out , it looks like / two / cheap plastic toys struggling in a bathtub of dirty water . Say what you like about the films surrounding them , but Ray Harryhausen 's stop-motion animation had / style / , something utterly missing from this film . The closest it gets to style is -- what appears to be -- the dying octopus waving `` bye-bye '' at the end.A great party flick . But make a note of the best sections so you can skip to them . Your friends are n't likely to tolerate sitting through all 90 minutes .
 In a brilliant bit of bad movie magic , 2011 heralds the arrival of the epic SyFy channel original movie `` Mega Python vs Gatoroid . '' Not only is this another stunning example of a creature feature showdown between unlikely foes , it brings the estimable talents of two former pop princesses together . If you lived through the late eighties , you 'll instantly be attracted to the idea of seeing Tiffany and Debbie Gibson go at it in a full fledged catfight . The film 's comic rivalry is ludicrous and delightful ! It 's inspired casting , to be sure , because both ladies have previously graced the small screen in films featuring mutated monster mayhem . Debbie Gibson got the ball rolling with `` Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus '' while Tiffany took on `` Mega Piranha . '' For the record , the star rating system used to evaluate these films will , obviously , be adjusted for a bad movie criteria . What makes a bad movie great ? In my opinion -LRB- and my opinion only -RRB- it 's the fun quotient and the commitment of the actors.Here 's my breakdown of the three films :5 Stars
 In a brilliant bit of bad movie magic , 2011 heralds the arrival of the epic SyFy channel original movie `` Mega Python vs Gatoroid . '' Not only is this another stunning example of a creature feature showdown between unlikely foes , it brings the estimable talents of two former pop princesses together . If you lived through the late eighties , you 'll instantly be attracted to the idea of seeing Tiffany and Debbie Gibson go at it in a full fledged catfight . The film 's comic rivalry is ludicrous and delightful ! It 's inspired casting , to be sure , because both ladies have previously graced the small screen in films featuring mutated monster mayhem . Debbie Gibson got the ball rolling with `` Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus '' while Tiffany took on `` Mega Piranha . '' For the record , the star rating system used to evaluate these films will , obviously , be adjusted for a bad movie criteria . What makes a bad movie great ? In my opinion -LRB- and my opinion only -RRB- it 's the fun quotient and the commitment of the actors.Here 's my breakdown of the three films :5 Stars
 Illegally used sonar equipment causes whales to go crazy and intentionally run full throttle into the continental ice shelf . This breaks open part of the ice and releases a prehistoric octopus and shark that had been frozen in suspended animation . All of this is witnessed by former 80s teen pop star Debbie Gibson -LRB- Whoops . Sorry . I meant Deborah . I feel like the intern who accidently called Rick Schroder `` Ricky '' on the `` NYPD Blue '' set -RRB- who had taken a minisub for a joyride ! This costs our sexy oceanographer her job -LRB- which would , technically , put her `` Out of the Blue '' ... lol ... hehe ... get it ? ... As in deep , blue sea while referring to her first album ? ... darn it , I 'm showing my age . -RRB- , but does n't stop Debs from further investigating the event with her old Irish teacher after she finds a reeeeally big tooth in a washed up whale carcus . Throw in a Japanese scientist and a militant Lorenzo Lamas and we have ourselves a makeshift A-Team on the hunt for our thawed out and ticked off devils of the deep . Any more cheese accumulation and Wisconsin would probably sue . Only problem is , the case would get thrown out of court for being plain old boring and unsatisfactory . The monster scenes are far too minimal and repetitive -LRB- it does not count as a different shark scene just because the picture is flipped to show him swimming a different direction -RRB- , while we 're subjected to a lot of scientific gibberish and , yes , a romantic subplot . Even Doc Noc 's guilty pleasures for cheap monster mashes from `` The Asylum '' can not overcome this flick 's faults . A Mega mess . 2.75 / 10
 This movie is incredibly boring . I 'm so glad that I did n't buy this . I caught it on Netflix earlier , and it 's insanely bad . During an underwater experiment , a mega Shark and a Giant Octopus are freed from being frozen in a glacier . The Government tries to get them to battle each other . There was hardly any fighting scenes . I would not recommend MEGA SHARK VS. GIANT OCTOPUS !!!
 Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus -LRB- 2009 -RRB- sounds like a monster battle flick from the 60 's , and it 's a rather poorly done , drawn out adventure , featuring two creatures that come to life after being freed from being frozen in ice . The monsters are not presented very well , and hardly appear until the end.Singer / actress Deborah Gibson -LRB- Electric Youth -RRB- , is oceanographer Emma MacNeil , she is teamed with her old college professor Lamar Sanders -LRB- Sean Lawlor -RRB- , and Dr. Seiji Shimada -LRB- Vic Chao -RRB- from Japan , to try and figure out what they are up against . MacNeil and Shimada become lovers , and tumble onto the idea of using pheromones to trap the beasts . Shimada heads back to Tokyo to try and bait the giant octopus , while the US team try to tackle the mega shark in the San Francisco area . The shark is unbelievably huge , and its behavior is completely ridiculous , leaping out of the ocean to chomp on an airliner , and also the Golden Gate Bridge ! Failing to stop either creature , the last option plan is to pit them against each other.This is a terribly unrealistic film that disrespects the US Navy , by presenting the service as completely incompetent , inept , and lacking in military discipline . The huge mega shark , somehow falls off sonar screens , and then pops up and destroys a navy destroyer . A submarine achieves unrealistic speeds , and features a mutinous helmsman , and a suicidal commander . This is complete madness , where because of the incompetence of Navy personnel , the civilian scientists assume command positions.In a starring role , Deborah Gibson 's performance may surprise some , as she does OK with some pretty dreadful material . The philosophical Chao sprouts out his lines , seemingly channeling Sulu from Star Trek . A ponytailed Lorenzo Lamas , plays a total irritating and obnoxious bureaucrat , who is mysteriously in charge of the operation.The special effects are not very impressive , as the creatures are mostly seen battling each other in dark murky waters . In addition to trashing the US Navy , the ending of the movie is completely lame and weak . If you are an old Debbie Gibson fan , you might want to see how the lady is holding up nearing forty , but otherwise there is n't much to recommend about this one , written and directed by Jack Perez -LRB- La Cucaracha -RRB- . It 's closer to one and a half stars . Save some cash , and look for it on SyFy .
 If you 're even contemplating watching this movie , you already know it 's not an underwater version ofJurassic Park -LRB- Widescreen Collector 's Edition -RRB- . So , with that said , how bad is this movie ? Pretty bad.An experimental sonar system sets free two prehistoric beasts that have been in suspended animation , frozen for millions of years up near Alaska . One is a giant octopus and the other one is a megalodon . They were frozen while duking it out millions of yrs ago . Guess what ? You guessed it - now they 're ready for Round 2 . The Sy Fy channel has put out a plethora of monster movies , and some are pretty fun . This one is kinda fun . Unfortunately , the FX are far more cheesy than even most Sy Fy flicks . On top of that , the `` seawater '' is tinted so dark that you can barely make out what 's going on.This is an example of a movie that is made without the producers or anyone else affiliated with the project knowing ANYTHING about the military . There is a battleship in the film & they call it a destroyer . What 's worse , the film-makers have obviously never seen a battleship 's 18 inch guns firing , as the salvos fired in no way resemble the way it really looks.Also , there is a fighter pilot flying an F-14 -LRB- Navy -RRB- and he is addressed as a Colonel -LRB- there are no Colonels in the Navy ! -RRB- . Lorenzo Lamas remarks that they 're unable to locate the sea beasts with SR-71s . Hello ! SR-71s have been moth-bolled since the early 80s ! They were made obsolete by spy satellites . If he had said they were searching for them with P-3 Orions , then that would @ least be semi-plausible . OK , I know that B-movies are not supposed to be nit-picked . I will end this review with the one aspect that makes the present film remotely intriguing
 Ok first off like the million others out there i have not seen a direct to DVD movie before its been released unlike the above reviews . This is an obvious ploy of advertisers to boost sales . But seriously these reviews are way overblown . You could of just said `` Hey this movie is suprisingly decent for a direct to DVD '' and people would believe it and maybe buy it . Jules verne ???? Lorenzo Lamos career performance ... Come on man .
 The above entitled collection was a real disappointment . Not at all what I expected and definitely not worth the money . Quite frankly , I was so disappointed I threw them in the trash . I know there has to be good W.C. Fields films out there , however W.C. Fields
 Ah the 60s - thin acting , thinner scripts . Rented because I 'm a huge fan of heist capers . Unfortunately , ` Merry Go Round ' is a rather fragile piece of filmmaking . Trying too hard to be clever and failing . Too coy to be slick . Too plastic to be real . And infinitely too convoluted to make any sense.In this film , Coburn plays Eli Kotch , a con-man and Lothario thief who uses his skills pursuing housemaids in order to pry his way to the goodies ; both literal and figurative t&eacute;ndr&eacute;s des marchandises . It 's a decent scam , but he has eyes on a much bigger prize . He 's tired of making just enough until he has to do it all over again . So he plans on a heist that will set him up for life , one big score that will allow him to walk away and drink margaritas on a beach forever.Seems pretty straight-forward , but the filmmakers pursue a plaintively obtuse and twisted path to reach that simple goal.One issue I had , and it 's only one to illustrate a point , was why Eli needed to recruit his ` assistant ' from the east coast , only to have her relocate to the west coast ? It 's not explained , and I sincerely doubt there is an explanation . Not a reasonable or logical one at least . Again , that 's just one issue . There are many more like it in this production.It was the Sixties , and this kind of plot hole seems par for the course for many B-movies that did not go straight for the easy money via sexploitation or sensationalism . The mid-60s were a transitional period in Hollywood , a time where things were about to creatively explode as rogue filmmakers and independents were about to shakeup the industry for the next twenty years . And flat films of the old guard , like ` Merry Go Round ' , in many ways helped prepare for the coming new wave of cinema ; a tepid calm before the amazing storm of unique vision and incredible exploration.I have nothing but respect for Coburn , but his talent during this period is sketchy . Given the right role , he could compare favorably with the top stars of his time . But often , the weaknesses of his abilities revealed themselves as ridiculous overacting and overreach . He was always most believable as a carefree wisecracking hipster or a laconic cold manipulator . The effusive gentleman thief was never his game.Overall , a convoluted mess with little action , poor characterizations , and a deeply unsatisfying end . I will say this though , due to the sheer length the film takes to finally execute the heist , there 's a nice bit of building tension as you wonder if they get away with it . But that 's not nearly enough of a payoff , much like what Eli himself receives , to recommend this to anyone but to the hardest hardcore fans of heist films or James Coburn .
 Boring from beginning to end.If I had seen it I wouid n't have bot it.Why did I buy it?Catchy title , James Coburn , 4 star reviews by Fan-atics . I hope my buyer loves it .
 This video was a bit weird . It had some good potential but did n't live up to it in my opinion . If you are a fan of this game , then yes , you have to see it . But for the rest of us why bother ?
 Viewed
 This movie has no point . It is a series of random events that sometime relate to one another . The acting was descent , but the lack of plot nd story made the movie annoying to watch . You will find yourself waiting for the movie to end and then wishing for it to do so .
 This movie is wack.Spike was probably really sniffing glue when he directed this movie.Spike next time do not sniff . -LRB- u must smoke boodah -RRB- . PEACE
 Alfred Woodard was the only good quality about this film . She 's a wonderful actress that can make even a horrible role interesting . In short this is just another Spike Lee -- message to society like film where he tries to teach some urban lesson through an inadequate movie . That 's all good and dandy if the movie measures up to the hype . But I 've seen too many black films with the same plot and they were all done ten times better than this . The only thing Crooklyn did was show me how the seventies was . Other than that the story was old , cliched and unnecessary . The little girl was drab and her brothers were fairly interesting but the story did n't spend any time on them . The girl was supposed to be the main character but after a while I forgot she was even in the film . Except for her standing in a few doorways , the movie seemed like it was coming more from the mother 's point of view than the girl 's . Spike once again strings together a bunch of mindless scenes to complete a disappointing movie that comes up incredibly short of what it needed to be . Do n't waste your time on this .
 i went to watch this movie and its in full screen but the case says widescreen . i would like the rickt disc
 Could have been so much better . OK story line , but poor audio and shallow character development leave you bored quickly . Recommend skipping , is n't worth your time or money .
 Judge Patrick Bromley , DVD Verdict -- So , first the positive
 Picture is blurry . Not as clear as it should be . Maybe cause its the first season ?!?! Love the show tho .
 Ordered and received the item quickly . The problem lies inside the DVD case . When you have more than 1 DVD to any bundle/set you should NEVER - EVER - NOT EVER - attempt to stack DVDs on top of the other . First , they do n't stay ... thus causing scratches to happen to the DVD . SECONDLY you waste your customer 's time in constantly trying to make sure they are properly placed so that they do n't fall off which causes permanent damage to the DVD.Why not spend 50 cents more and place them back to back , like the other multi-DVD sets I own . It 's not like your not charging a high price to purchase this product.This really bites . Now whenever I want to watch it in the future or lend it out to my DVD buddies , I will have to warn them of the cheaply made packaging and issues with the DVDs constantly slipping off and then verify that they are not scratched after each use.LOUSY PACKAGING ...
 The repetitive story of american TV is exasperating.Why not make a drama with some depth , instead of the same likable people , that are good looking , have a good life ... That is dramatic at times , funny at times , and incredibly silly and empty most of the time ? This is the sorry excuse to invade us with stupidest ads , who are the real drivers here . the same hit show , over and over and over again.C ` mon.LA Law happened . Long . Many . Similar . Mediocre Copies . Ago .
 yeah , yeah , yeah we know this is the big Hollywood version . . but you have to see the original Playhouse 90 version , with Cliff Robertson and Piper Laurie !! its available on VHS -LRB- I have it -RRB- and 10 times better than this retread ... Piper Laurie was incredible ... CLiff Robertson says that when he lost the film version to Lemmon , Lemmon said `` I did n't think you 'd be able to play comedy '' ... to which Robertson replied ; `` I did n't think ` Days of Wine & Roses ' was a comedy '' . . it 's all there in the supplemental material on the VHS ... see it instead of this version !!
 I was unaware that there were `` Zone '' issues and I could n't play a UK DVD in Texas . Should 've been a clear warning on the selection and not on the package after I bought it.And I did n't need suggestions to purchase a universal code player !
 The DVD was riddled with pithy comments by the director who is himself a recovering alcoholic . I found these interuptions most annoying since theydrowned out the dialogue of the movie .
 The problem with melodramas about alcoholics is that they have a clarity their subject lack . In ` The Days Of Wine And Roses ' , a film that repeats all the errors of its famous predecessor , Wilder 's ` The Lost Weekend ' , the various factors that lead Jack Lemmon , and then his wife Lee Remick , to become alcoholics , are clearly illustrated . He hates the humiliation and pressure of a job where ` public relations officer ' is a synonym for ` pimp ' , and where he has to hustle and lie to market his boss . He hates himself , and ca n't face his wife . He has a social inferiority complex too - his parents were vaudeville performers , not the ideal background for an ambitious executive . So he drinks . Because he ca n't drink alone , he gets his abstemious wife to join him . He is demoted , and moves to Texas - due to loneliness and the fear of her husband 's violent moods , as well as a terror of disappointing a strict father , and possibly because she was a bright career woman reduced to motherhood , she too souses herself . Director Blake Edwards ' camera is often to be found in a god 's eye position looking down on his characters , like a judge , or scientist . By isolating the causes and effects of alcoholism so clearly , the problem can be located , maybe even treated . Preachy lectures -LRB- about not being preachy -RRB- and the obligatory Alcoholics Anonymous scene -LRB- whose brief is explained at length , as in a public information film -RRB- are prominent . Because Edwards keeps his distance from the characters , we can only look on at them , removed - any joy they personally get from alcohol is made to seem desperate , grotesque and dangerous to us . Despite the moody photography , the young -LRB- ish -RRB- stars and the lounge-jazz soundtrack -LRB- drowning in moonriverisms -RRB- , this is the Issue Picture about Alcoholism Stanley Kramer never made.Normally , accuracy in a film never bothers me - the fewer facts clogging up the narrative the better . But the filmmakers ' decision to elucidate or preach has a direct bearing on the movie . Genuine alcoholism has no clear , direct cause - people usually drift into it imperceptibly for a variety of insignificant , but accumulative reasons . There are rarely easily sign-posted , dramatic , ` Meaningful ' moments when all is either lost or salvaged . We never sense with this film the messiness of alcoholism , the smells , the fluids , the desperation , the bleariness , the staleness , the impotence , the shift in outlook or sensibility . I 'm sure the characters feel all these things , but we 're not shown them . Instead , they get to speak Wilder-like epigrams full of irony , word-play , poetic quotations and cogent self-pity . Remick 's decline is signalled by exchanging poetry for cartoons - chucking Ernest Dowson for Tex Avery displays excellent judgement , and the filmmakers ' elitist inability to see this suggests what 's wrong with ` Roses ' . At the time , Lemmon was applauded for his unexpected dramatic prowess , but his character here is an extension of the neurotic , white-collar executives worn down by the rat-race he always played . Both he and Remick , despite their best and sincere efforts , are phony approximations or genteel impersonations of drunkenness . Charles Bickford as Remick 's stern father , with his narrow code of decency and integrity , and complete inability to comprehend such crises of modern life that might lead a younger generation to intoxicate themselves for escape , shames them both .
 I ca n't review an item you have n't sent me yet .
 i had seen this movie years ago and loved it , but this cd was terrible . it stopped every few minutes . i feel i 'm owed a new one . i would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Be careful ordering this it is from the UK and is in a different format than US . I cant watch it on my player . Be careful !
 Bad acting , bad script , bad special affects . Just plain bad all around . I think the cost of the DVD was more than the entire budget to make the film .
 Since this movie 's creation and release I learned that it is not a Rin Tin Tin dog in the movie , but dogs from a Bolivian breeder . It is not based on the actual Rin Tin Tin line and is a total shame on the trademark name of Rin Tin Tin . This is a lawsuit in the making and I only hope the owners of the REAL Rin Tin TIn do something about it . You can go to the actual Rin Tin Tin web site and find out that the makers of this movie knew at the time that they were violating the trademark and released it anyway . The entire movie is a lie that can only hurt the Rin TIn TIn name .
 Based on other reviews I expected good family entertainment . Sadly , this showoffers only disgusting , failed attempts at humor along with a script that ` spainful to watch . We consider this purchase a complete waste of money .
 Not particularly funny or interesting . I have enjoyed several of the series on MTV and I expected the best of the best . Not so by far . Very little creativity in the stunts performed . A waste in my opinion .
 There was a time when wearing a chicken suit was sufficiently humiliating to get a camera pointed at you but , as we see in this movie , it 's now necessary to drink urine instead . Perhaps next time we 'll see a human sacrifice and no-one other than a participant in this movie is more deserving of such a role . It 's not all that surprising to see geeks biting the heads off chickens - anyone with minimal talent and a thirst for attention will do it - the real question is why the audience would be entertained by such incredibly stupid behavior .
 Summary : A bunch of guys - obviously getting paid - do all of the super-stupid stuff that teens and young men in their early twenties dream up when they are drinking , including
 This was the dumbest movie that was every made ! I read the reveiws prior to taking my teenage daughter and friends to this movie . I would not waste the money to go and see it , if I had known what it was about !
 I watched about 15 minutes of this movie . When one of the actors used the bathroom in his pants and you got to see it , I got up and left . It is the most repulsive movie I have ever seen !!
 Did you ever wonder why animals eat their young ? I am a kind of person who does not believe in political correctness of anykind and will always come to the aid of someone that does n't believe in it either but this movie is the most demeaning film that Hollywood could ever produce . Doing your own thing is great but when it comes to stupid stunts that can kill you is another . We have to remember that the youth of today are not the most well educated -LRB- especially in America -RRB- and having them see this film is like holding a piece of red meat to a lion.This movie is in very bad taste -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . We can only hope that this film will be short lived .
 I Saw this idiotic movie , i 'm still finding out how this movie is funny , destruction of property , loitering , seeing a guy bowl a ball with him at the end of the lane . Is this some kind of live action cartoon or morons doing stupid things to get some in trouble . Face it if you like Backyard Wrestling -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- you would like this poor piece of -LSB- garbage -RSB- `` movie '' , if you can call it that ! no plot , no story , in mean to a reason to watch it , just people doing things , BORING , take it from me , Tom Green is the worstest comedie ever , and this `` movie '' should be dispose of !
 This is like a male version of Paris Hilton but wihout the money , the class , and the IQ . It would n't suprise me if Al Qaida uses it as a training film to help terrorists kill Americans without feeling guilty .
 Jackass is quite possibly the stupidest , most low-brow comedy tv show i hav ever seen . ... i would much rather watch comedies that make you think and use punch lines that dont involve a visit to the emergency room . the simpsons , seinfled and south park . now those are real comedies . johnny knoxville is just some guy who ended up getting a show on mtv . it 's not like it 's that hard , cuz they dont even play videos anymore . but thats not the point . jackass is stupid ...
 Although I do love Bam Margera , I have to say that this movie was not all that . I 'll admit , there were some parts that made me giggle , but most of the parts made me shake my head and say , `` What morons ! `` The movie gets old really fast , I must admit . I think it was just a scam to get more money since they knew they made it off the show . I do n't see how so many people are like , `` LyKe OmG , tHiS mOvIe WaS lykE tHe GrEaTeSt MoViE eVeR !!!!!! '' because there was hardly anything humorous about it.I guess if you have that sense of humor , then you 'll like it . But I personally do not find sand vaginas and the constant hitting of the testicles funny at all .
 I would give this movie a one star rating but I have to admit I laughed a whole bunch of the time . Why do I laugh ? Because these morons decide to do the stupidest things to get themselves into a whole bunch of crap . But they 'll do anything . Its even scary what type of idiots are on the street today , what sort of moron you might come across . Nonetheless , it was funny . And disgusting . But funny ... Overall
 If you want to see a guy eat a urine favored snow cone and then vomit , a toy car x-rayed after being lubercated and inserted in a man 's colon , & an obese man and his midgit side kick run around nude . Then this is the documentry of morons made just for you . I agree that these days you have to do alot to shock an audiance . But when you have to look foolish , why bother ? Yes the film was a box office hit , so expect sequels . Even though it 's all in bad taste , for some reason it will attract movie goers . In Jack@ss 2 , I 'm hoping for a hot tub party full of bubbling sewer , and maybe they will dig up a corpse and make out with it . What ever happens I wo n't see it first hand , I 'll hear about it second and that 's bad enough . A hardly deserved 2 stars is all I could do .
 This is by far the dumbest movie that I 've seen so far . The only things in it that I thought were kind of funny were the parts where Steve-O is trying to go across the pit full of aligators with dead chickens strapped to his butt and the part where Jhonny Knoxville is trying out the rocket skates in the park . All in all I do n't recomend this movie , it 's just stupid .
 Remember the good ole days of comedy ? Well , now we have Jackass The Movie . Based on the television show on Mtv -LRB- incase you kids do n't know . It used to stand for Music Television -RRB- . After Mtv dissed all the music videos off the air -LRB- except for at 5 a.m. -RRB- they made Jackass . A show about people hurting themselves for money . Then this vile disgrace of American culture came out ` Jackass the movie ' . Be stunned
 Not for the easily offendedThis movie convinced that the MPAA is braindead . It should have gotten an NC-17 rating . What makes me even more upset is that this movie made so close to my hometown . It has given the area much unwanted publicity . To be fair I watched the movie before writing this review . Though many in their late teens to mid 20 will like this , if you like south park you still may be offended by this .
 I 've been buying and ` crusing ' Amazon.com for a long time ... have been panned by friends by some of my ` less than popular ' flicks ... but never have i seen such a waste of quasi film making in my life . Of course , if i write negatively about this so called film ; people will be drawn to it.the film was disgusting ... human feces ... actually scenes of throwing up ... . ridiculous stunts ... . you name it ... the MTV generation is NOT the same generation i came from . We valued talent , and yes , it may have been ` dated ' at least there was THAT talent and creativity . Twenty years ago in high school i could have done much better than this trash.its trash trash trash , and the jokes on YOU who buys it ! for they did hardly anything worthwhile to steal your BUCK ! thank God in heaven the movie was lent to me for a few hours and I DID not buy it
 America now is a lost generation . A bunch of white boys making complete idot 's out of themselves out in public . Their giving U.S. a bad name to other countries . Also men are getting a bad . I wish the show `` Jackass '' would get canceled off of MTV .
 I just got through watching this rental about 5 minutes ago ... I 'm really , REALLY glad that I did n't pay full price to see this at the movies.I loved Jackass when it was on MTV ... . but the movie just did n't make me laugh nearly as hard ; in fact I kinda felt sorry for Knoxville and the gang.I feel like everyone was trying so hard to be explicit , that they forgot about being funny.In several skits you can almost tell that they are forcing themselves to laugh alot at stuff that 's only mildly amusing.However there were some funny parts , all be it far and few inbetween : the night pandas skit , Wee Man in the cone , the golfersand of course hearing Bam 's dad cuss during the fireworks!By the way there SHOULD have been ALOT more Wee Man , and ALOT less of that one guy dancing as the male stripper.I ca n't think of his name , but he 's my least favorite of the Jackass crew.Seeing that skit one time ... maybe ... would be funny ... kinda ... . BUT SIX TIMES !? Have the fast forward button on your remote handy.Some of the stunts were a little too hardcore for me A.K.A papercuts , baby croc clamping on a nipple , syringe to the back of the head , and shark stuck to arm.Also you can only think it 's funny so many times to see someone throw up ... then it just gets old.Lastly , I like nudity in my movies ... FEMALE NUDITY ! Why was there so much male nudity ?? Sorry but I do n't , nor would I ever want to see THAT much of a Jackass.They could 've at least hired a couple babes to take off their tops and even things out!It 's almost like some of these guys are bisexual or something ... Even with the `` bonus footage '' this DVD is not that great.Save your money and buy seasons 1 and 2 on DVD.They 're alot funnier .
 I am not a huge fan of the show . I watch it occasionally for a few laughs , and I thought the movie would be even better . Perhaps my hopes were too high for the show . The opening shot with the whole cast in one HUGE shopping cart , with Caramina Burana playing in the background briefly confirmed my hope that this movie was going to be awe-inspiring . What did I get ? An average uncensored episode of the TV show . Oh well .
 why this movie was made thats up for me to find out . . but anyways the jackasses are here with more gross out and stupid ** it that you may or may not handle and some will find it offensive . . idiots will find it funny . . because they have no taste whatsoever ... the funniest moment would have to be in the beginning where Johnny Knoxville rents a car and then demolishes it and returns it to the owner running away ... then it gets into real lame and crappy humor ...
 JACKASS THE MOVIE WAS THE SICKEST MOVIE I EVER SEENDONT BUY IT ITS SO STUPID , LAME , GROSS THIS MOVIEIS WEIRD WHAT EVER THEY DO DONT TRY IT AT HOME
 I watched the TV show many times ... i stopped watching it when I saw one of the Jackassess eating his own vomit -LRB- yeah ! you readed it well -RRB- ... I ca n't believe that someone compared this gross movie -LRB- where the Jackassess eat their own urine -RRB- with Citizen Kane .
 I get a kick out of seeing people fall down , crash on skateboards and bikes , etc. so it would seem that I would like this movie . While watching it I did n't find any of the stunts funny . The only time I even cracked a smile was when `` Wee-Man '' walked around Tokyo hidden under a giant traffic cone.For one I thought there was a lot of Candid Camera/Tom Green rip off filler -LRB- shoplifting old guy , alligator in the kitchen , etc. -RRB- that was not funny in the least . The rest of the stunts were , in my opinion , not that outrageous . I felt that the `` actors '' were excessively exaggerating the pain/discomfort that there actions caused in order to make a better movie.I felt ripped off watching this movie after checking it out from the library for free . Charging people to see it in a theater seems almost criminal to me .
 How shall I put it ? These immature ... -LRB- and that 's giving ... a bad name -RRB- have put together a semi-documentary that would have the torturers of the Inquisition look like bleeding hearts . There is nothing entertaining in this movie , unless of course , you enjoy seeingotherwise humans act like they have suddenly turned into sado-machochists . It is composed of a number of separate episodes that havethe members of this group try to out-do themselves by doing incredibly stupid and dangerous stunts that are not only not funny , but ifdone by , say a fraternity group , would have landed them in jail quicker that you could say `` Jackass ! '' Of course , there is the obligatory warning -LRB- both at the beginning and the end -RRB- telling one and all not to try these stunts at home ... . I say the warning was unnecessarybecause anyone who sees this movie and attempts ANY of the stunts deserves to land in jail or the hospital , whichever gets to him first !
 I would write a review if this movie had one reason for writing one , Since it does n't the only thing i can say is your wasting your time even reading reviews about this movie let alone watching it . So Unless your pre-adult and trying to shock your parents and or impress your friends save your cash . This Movie is n't even worth the one star i gave it however i 'm not sure you can give a movie no stars . I 'd give it 5 stars if they 'd take it out of print and burn the master tape : -RRB-
 I recently watched part of this movie at a friends house and although there are some funny parts , I have a hard time believing how can someone `` get a kick '' observing some crazy guy playing with his own frozen urine and then eating it like an ice cream cone or even taking a dump in his own pants and then showing it like some kind of trophy.SOS America , wake up , you 're becoming the clown of the world .
 Juvenile , undeveloped , bone headed , asinine , self loathing , pathetic , transparent , pack mentality closet cases inflicting self torture often involving genetalia and nudity , disguised as male bonding and `` har ... har ... har ... '' outrageousness , in lieu of actually having gay sex with each other . Boys , stop hurting yourselves and just cross pork swords already ! Geeessshhhhh !
 The only thing worse than this movie was the jackasses I had to watch it with .
 I catch the Jackass show occasionally on Mtv and I watch and laugh at it but I do seriously think these guys are complete fools . I rented the film and I have to say I was SO bored by the time they got half way done with it hardly if any of these stunts were funny and instead you get alot of uncensored garbage like alot of bare bottom and we are talking some fat people here to and alot of vomiting . I find alot of things funny and it does not take much for me to laugh but none of this stuff made me hardly crack a smile . I do n't watch movies so I could see a guy take a wicked poopoo in a hardware store toilet and I do n't find beating your father up and practically raping him on the toilet funny either . I was not amused I was not TOTALLY grossed out either . This movie was lacking creative effort almost like about 95 % of it . My eyes got sleepy half way through because I was not shocked by what I saw just disguisted and unimpressed . It is clear to see these guys who most of them are in there early to mid-20 's never got out of being 13 or 14 years old . Any adult will not laugh at this horrible picture because this is foolish guys getting rich from fools like us watching this movie .
 This movie is one of my absolute favorites ! If you liked the show , you 'll love the movie . Although , this edition of the DVD kinda ' sucks . All Paramount did was take the deleted scenes from the original release and add them into the actual for this cut and of course , throw a teaser trailer for Jackass Number Two on there . If you already own the first edition DVD like most of us , skip this one .
 Although I used to be a Jackass fanatic , it is now too much for me to handle . Call me crazy , but I do n't find anything funny about someone -LSB- throwing up -RSB- repeatedly . I also do not find people running into a variety of things time and time again for hours upon hours . . funny . However if you like things such as that . . I 'm sure you 'd love this movie.The only part in the movie I found to be hilarious , was when two people dressed up as burglars and fell through a building 's ceiling into a group of working people . Well , that was all right , but the part that made it great was the man jumping up and taking off out the building and down the block , while the other people sat there scratching their heads.As for the rest of it . . it was not worth my time .
 This movie sucks for 98 % of it 's duration . Party Boy Chris Pontius is the only guy that made me laugh for a second . Everybody else 's antics just made me sick , and I did not know if I wanted to kick their ass for it or throw up !
 The 2 stars is for the music alone . The movie is vulgar and pointless . I 'm certainly no prude , but watching some guy do a bowel movement in public or another inserting toy cars into his hind end really is n't my idea of entertainment . Nothing is sadder than watchng a sorry group of druggies trying for the attention that their parents never gave them . If this what we 've come to , then I 'm sorry for all of us .
 I bought this dvd for a specific research need . This kind of humor simply is not my cup of tea . It is vulgar and peurile to me .
 ... so I ended up seeing more of this movie than I should have . I expected to see pranks like the Rent-A-Car demolition derby , or blowing the horn at golfers when they tee off . Or the type of stunts after which you go `` what was that guy thinking '' , like the one when the guy gets shot in the abdomen . For the record , I think it 's stupid as hell , but if that 's what they want to do with their body , and since they -LRB- obviously -RRB- suffer the consequences , I say
 This was just about the most frightening movie I 've ever tried to watch -LRB- I only got to the part where one of the stuck-in-adolescence-fools was going to defecate in some poor store owner 's toilet . -RRB- Did n't laugh once.This movie was just mean and seeing males in their early 20 's doing really disgusting things made me think :1 . They are all mentally arrested at age 14.2 . They got too much or not enough attention from mommy .3 . There are no boundaries in life and that 's scary . A country ca n't survive that mentality -LRB- or lack of . -RRB- These are brutes who would run over an injured animal in the streets for laughs . Bring back the draft . It 's the only hope for these large , disgusting , belching , flatulent aging teen-agers . -LRB- Judging from some of the spelling from supporters of this stupid movie , maybe they should spend more time with their faces in a book or dictionary . -RRB-
 I had never seen any of the Jackass `` bits '' on MTV before watching this movie . I found the whole premise of what was filmed to be totally inane and asinine . I understand why the DVD approach was necessary to get the completely idiotic stunts out to whomever would find anything these morons would do as entertaining -- much of this movie is not for TV , even late at night on cable . The stupid part of my whole experience was may continuing to watch in the interest that something redeeming was bound to be presented -- such was not the case . Save your money , and your time , and pass this one up . I only gave it 1 star because there was no option for zero !
 Im a fan of the series but the movie fails in comparison.Sure it has its moments ... but its not worth it.Go out and rent it somewhere , or wait till its in the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- bin at -LSB- a local store -RSB- in about a couple of years.If you think you want it for the xtras-well there not worth watching ... there is only so many times you can watch that one guy -LRB- cant think of his name right now -RRB- rip his pants off and dance in front of a huge crowd of people.The only REALLY funny part in the movie is when Steve-O jumps into a ceiling fan.But other than that ... your not going to laugh as hard as you would watching it on MTV .
 This movie -LRB- if you can even call it a movie -RRB- , is a new low in what `` entertainment '' is these days . It 's definitely one of the most disgusting movies I 've ever seen . Some of the stunts in the film were funny , but there was too much repetition . Too much nudity , vomiting , and `` other '' things that you need to see for yourself . I did n't find it to be as funny as it was hyped up to be , but it was a little entertaining nonetheless .
 ** 1/2 About the only thing that can be safely said about the gross-out fest &#65533; Jackass &#65533; The Movie &#65533; is that it is definitely an acquired taste . You will be either delighted or appalled by the masochistic antics contained in this film , and if you ever needed proof that there is a distinct cultural divide existing in this nation today , &#65533; Jackass &#65533; provides it in spades.For those who do not know , &#65533; Jackass &#65533; is the brainchild of Johnny Knoxville and his assorted buddies who have made a lucrative industry out of devising and performing death - and injury-defying stunts so that likeminded individuals , from the comfort and safety of their couches and theater seats , can at least get a vicarious thrill by watching others act out what they themselves wish they had the nerve -LRB- or stupidity -RRB- to do . -LRB- The film , of course , comes with a &#65533; don &#65533; t try this at home &#65533; proviso that is as transparently insincere as it is obviously ineffective -RRB- . &#65533; Jackass &#65533; is like the ultimate boys-will-be-boys extravaganza , a fifth grade prankster &#65533; s dream come true . Not only do the &#65533; men &#65533; perform the stunts , but they spend most of their time in convulsive hysterics responding to them . On-screen vomiting , defecating , intentional bloodletting and the imbibing of urine are just a few of the goodies offered up for the audience &#65533; s delectation by the makers of the film . Think of this as the dark side of the Peter Pan Syndrome , a tribute to adult men who have serious maturity issues and who clearly refuse &#65533; to grow up . &#65533; Like most compilation films , &#65533; Jackass &#65533; The Movie &#65533; is a hit-and-miss proposition . Some of the &#65533; stunts &#65533; are clever and amusing , and there is a certain anarchic kick to be derived from seeing these guys pushing back the boundaries of conventional common sense and good taste . But there &#65533; s also a certain mean-spirited tone to so much of what we see on screen that it interferes with our enjoyment of vast portions of the movie . Personally , I don &#65533; t care if these guys want to injure , maim or even kill themselves to get their kicks , but why do they have to get so many of their laughs at the expense of other people ? A number of the &#65533; bits &#65533; seem designed to do little more than humiliate hardworking business people , innocent bystanders and even members of their own families . In making a cruel version of &#65533; Candid Camera , &#65533; the filmmakers only heighten their own smugness and attitude of superiority , helping to alienate all but the group &#65533; s most fanatical followers . What also surprises me &#65533; given the general nature of the film &#65533; s target audience , that is &#65533; is just how homoerotic in tone many of these stunts turn out to be . I &#65533; m not saying that as a judgment against the film , but I do find it to be an interesting observation.I don &#65533; t want to belabor the issues too much here , and I certainly don &#65533; t believe that the success of this film -LRB- and the TV show that spawned it -RRB- in any way foretells the imminent collapse of Western Civilization , as others have charged . That is clearly an overreaction . &#65533; Jackass &#65533; The Movie &#65533; is obviously intended for a very specific niche audience and , in those terms , I guess , it gets the job done . Just make sure you &#65533; re in that niche before spending your hard-earned money to see it . You &#65533; ve been forewarned .
 Sigh , it 's finally happened
 Jackass is funny when it comes to the crazy and creative stunts they do . I 've always thought it was commendable how they put their bodies on the line to bring us a laugh , but ... I guess Johnny Knoxville needed an R-rated movie to show his boys puking in restaurants and crapping in hardware store toilet models . I do n't know how anyone can find that funny . I have a sick sense of humor , but this stuff went beyond my level.If there had been some kind of plot at least this might have gotten a 3 out of 5 for attempting something worthwhile for Jackass fans , but I guess that 's to much to ask . It staggers blindly from one scene to another and , as I said before , Knoxville could n't resist not having his most disgusting stunts put on film .
 A star rating would be inaccurate on so many levels to describe this `` movie '' , so here is what I have to offer.See it if you enjoy the television show . It offers a few poop jokes , four vomiting scenes , crude stunts , male nudity , cringe-inducing golf-cart wrecks , concussions , and a guy trampoline-ing into a spinning ceiling fan , and other antics ranging from the daring to the raunchy , and more than once the skits just feel self-serving and bloated and unfunny , which is a killer for this movie.Avoid it if you would find these things offensive or disgusting to the point of dry heaving.And as for myself ? I laughed ... more than once , ...
 The title of this movie is deceptive advertising , the war is a backdrop to a very predictable love triangle . There is about 15 minutes of decent action which recreates -LRB- but does not credit -RRB- the Point du Hoc battle . Robert Tayor is sincere but 10 years to old to be a Captain leading troops in 1946 . Dana Wynter is pretty enough to inspire two manly suitors but oddly does n't seem to have any real passionate feelings for either . The brit commando third of this triangle is likable but out of the picture for all but a few minutes at the beginning and at the end . In short , a chic flic spun with a not very compelling tried and true wartime love triangle . Solid actors try but fail with mediocre material .
 Disapointing . I was looking forward to a good action movie , but most of the movie is a love story , and the movie only gets to D-Day at the very end . The title is misleading .
 Michael Bay must have studied this film before he made his own execrable `` Pearl Harbor . '' In both cases , the filmmakers cynically titled their product after a famous WWII battle although they were really more interested in developing a dull , cliched love triangle than honestly confronting and exploring the meaning , experience , and drama of a significant historical event . At least , Bay relieved the tedium with some action . `` D-Day '' director Henry Koster does n't address the actual invasion until the final ten minutes or so of this overlong film , and by then it is far too little far too late . Robert Taylor , Dana Wynter , and Richard Todd deliver their performances with all the animation of store-front mannequins . Taylor is far too old for this role , but Wynter , at least , is very nice to look at .
 I will ALWAYS check with the reviews here on Amazon before I purchase another `` Classic War '' movie . I purchased this at Suncoast video and was expecting an epic WWII movie , you can all imagine my disappointment after sitting through 1-1/2 hours of this mess .
 This movie is 1 hour and 46 minutes long . There is about 15 minutes of war footage related to D-Day . The other 1 hour and 30 minutes consist of 2 flashbacks by 2 soldiers . The flashbacks have to do with the woman they love . Each man is in love with the same woman , and the two men know each other.I would n't call this a war movie . I would call it a drama/love story with a war theme on the side.When I read the movie description , I was uncertain about it . Since there was no way to tell how much `` love story '' there was , or how much war footage there would be , I decided to give it a chance . Instead of sitting through the love story , I fast forwarded through it , and I 'm really glad I did . It saved a bunch of time , which I was able to use for other stuff.Try renting it before buying it , unless you like 85 % drama/love story and only 15 % war footage , which I do n't . To see some of my favorite military/war DVDs , click on my name , then click on `` Listmania ! Lists '' .
 I purchased this thinking that it might be a mediocre war movie . It does not even rise to that level . It is merely a well acted soap opera . Good actors for that but no war film
 Yes , the title `` D-Day the Sixth of June '' is irritatingly misleading . This movie spends most of its time chronicling the tawdry tale of a married U.S. military officer who has an affair with a British USO-type woman who is engaged to be married to a courageous British officer . The battle scenes are sporadic , and the story creaks along slowly . The handsome Robert Taylor and the beautiful Dana Wynter are basically wasted because their roles are so unsympathetic . The characters that they portray have few qualms about cheating on their loved ones.The movie also is not helped by a repetitious , sappy musical score that includes the sentimental song `` You 'll Never Know -LRB- How Much I Love You -RRB- '' which accompanies the illicit lovers as they unapologetically indulge in their affair . `` D-Day the Sixth of June '' is strictly for diehard fans of Taylor or Wynter . And perhaps not even those fans will be able to swallow this drivel .
 You 've got to feel a little sad for Dana in this one . Her American lover went home to his wife ; her English lover trod on a bomb ; and her father shot himself . Well , that 's life I guess . There is some interest , but not a lot , in trying to figure out along the way how the story is going to get wrapped up . On the marginally plus side , it seems a fairly accurate depiction of how the war panned out for some women in Britain ; and it captures something of the atmosphere on the home front . Not much about the action on the other front . I suppose most of the audience were pleased it had n't happened to them .
 For the first five minutes I thought that this was going to be one of the best war movies I 'd ever see , but then suddenly the movie back tracks to the years preceeding the D-Day invasion to document the love triangle that developed between a gorgeous woman and two of the officers in the commando unit . This lasts for much of the rest of the movie , with only five or ten minutes in the end consisting of a reasonably decent combat sequence . Personally , I 'm not a huge fan of infidelity being masked as `` romance , '' which made the movie all the more annoying to watch . This should simply not be considered a `` war movie '' or a `` classic '' .
 Exploitation fodder with a deceptive title , `` Zombie Island Massacre '' -LRB- 1984 -RRB- only succeeds in killing your time . Bad acting galore but no Caribbean zombies - let alone massacre - in this dreary slasher flick . Not even recommended for Rita Jenrette fans -LRB- if any exist -RRB- .
 1 -RRB- the movie stars a bunch of kids who quite frankly can not act .2 -RRB- the movie plot revolves around stupid special effects and computer graphics that are the quality of 3D renderings of the 1980s .3 -RRB- the plot is simply stupid ... if this were to happen in real life , a simple look at the e-mail headers by any IT department head in the country would have solved everything . and not to mention ... a power surge will not reverse code instructions for a wire transfer -- it will fry your computer.It was an accident that a company would actually distribute this ...
 This movie was actually a lot of fun , if poorly acted at times . If you 're looking for something in the slasher genre , you could do a lot worse than this one . Great for killing a couple of hours on a lazy afternoon - especially if you have bills to pay or laundry to fold . It 's a perfect brain-candy accompaniment to that kind of a day .
 The killer gatecrashes the house party , one of those mind-numbingly boring movie set-ups were no one really looks like they are having any fun at all , he is hardly what you would call stealth like . Smashing through glass , victims running screaming , axe thumping into walls , doors , furniture , you know the sort of thing , this guy seems to WANT people to know where he is . Either that or he has cottoned on to how stupid these kids really are . And boy are they stupid!Considering all the commotion our anorak-wearing killer -LRB- anorak ? Urban Legends anybody ? -RRB- is making , the most you get out of those yet to meet their maker is an irritatingly dumb , ` Did you hear that ? ' What you mean all that screaming and glass shattering , nah , did n't hear a thing ! Other plot details that irk are as follows ... would you REALLY play a game of prank telephone calling if the last time you did you saw everyone 's parents chopped up ? Um , no ! And just what are the chances of calling that very same number by chance again and failing to dial * 67 prior to making the call AGAIN so the killer now knows your number ? This all makes even less sense when the big reveal to who the killer -LRB- s -RRB- is come the movie 's climax.The plot absurdities pile up right to and including the shock twist , which is n't , and an open ending which just makes for a huge groan . Rutger Hauer -LRB- as Detective John Criton -RRB- , whom the movie is sold on , is only in it for like five teeny weenie minutes and looks like he just got off a three week bender . Dead Tone is definitely one phone call you 'll wan na miss .
 < strong > Dead Tone < / strong > -LRB- Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor , 2007 -RRB- Did I really just watch a horror movie introduced by Flavor Flav ? I did . Which leads to the question
 Wish I had known in advance that Flava Flav had his hand in making this film ... I could of saved myself some grief ! This movie was horrible , plain and simple .
 I do n't even own this movie , I do n't know why it shows up as a movie I have purchased , and wants me to review it
 Let 's be clear about those rave reviews for this
 Beware!I bough the film in blu ray format edited by Twilight Time at a rather hefty price . Unfortunately it does not play . the menu shows up but I can not activate the start bouton on my all zones LG blu ray player . I own more than 500 blu rays old and new , all playing well , so I do not think its a software update issue , but rather a production defect . Has someone else experienced the same?The Roots of Heaven -LRB- 1958 -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 John Huston -LRB- Dir -RRB- once said , The toughest films to make sometimes turn out the worst , like Roots Of Heaven.He was so right.Errol Flynn gets top billing -LRB- Dont go get a cup of coffee or you might miss him . -RRB- A bad film with a great cast that went to waste.Trevor Hoeard -LRB- William Holden was the first pick , but thankfully , he was not avaiable -RRB- , Eddie Albert , Orson Welles , Paul Lucas , Juliette Grego , etcId pass on this one.Errol made one last film after this.Cuban Rebel Girls . -LRB- Bad as bad can be . -RRB- Two sad farewells to a great actor that made many screen classics .
 The only reason to want to view this nastiness is for America Olivio 's performance . Other than that it 's a total waste of time . She does a genuinely good job playing a gal who will invade a house and use common household items , tools , chemicals , etc. to torture , maim and finally kill the inhabitants . She has genuine quirkiness in her delivery that makes the rest of this inept garbage nearly palatable.This is a torture movie plain and simple . There is no plot . There is no motive . She just does what she does for no apparent reason and dances away down the street at the end . So , you would figure they would put their money on the torture/gore scenes , but they could n't even get that right . My guess is that the budget restricted them from doing a decent job , but even the make-up effects were inept . They got none of this right.This is a Canadian production and it looks as though it was put together by guys right out of film school . Almost all of the actors are within a couple years of age from one another . They probably hired all their friends . The directing , acting , effects were all lousy . The sound mixing was terrible . I was constantly adjusting the volume to either hear better or keep from being blasted out of my seat . The music was OK . I think that means it did n't stick out as being particularly sucky.America Olivio is the only character with any degree of personality . All the rest are pretty much just grist for the mill . Even the one guy you hope might overcome his situation is as `` plain as paper . '' Unless you have an unquenchable thirst for this sort of thing , I 'd take a pass .
 This movie reminds me of the age-old question of whether nothing is still nothing , or whether by virtue of the label given it , the nothing has become something . Truly if Neighbor is anything , it is a whole lot of nothing strung together across a temporal divide of 90 minutes , that director Robert Angelo Masciantonio challenges you , the viewer to navigate without rolling your eyes or having a spasmodic twitch for the remote control to change the channel for something with more depth . As for depth , this movie is one of the few perfectly existential films I 've ever seen . Truly it lives in the moment . None of the characters need bothered to have had names , for they are just nothing -LRB- that word again ! -RRB- more than meat for the protagonist ; in fact , they might as well have been called Meat 1 , Meat 2 , etc. . As for the protagonist , America Olivo at first came across as very interesting . Indeed , I was initially drawn in by her flighty , disjointed and even edgy performance . Sadly , she got bit by that existential bug as well , because at no point is any freaking clue given as to why she does what she does . Disagree if you will , but since she is the character that supposedly propels the story along , there should be some kind of reason moving her . If there is no reason , you have no story , and if there is no story there is no point in watching -- then it really is torture porn , but the torture is on the viewer for the lack of payoff . Oh , that 's the genius of the film ? Then if that 's the case , someone knows a lot about nothing .
 well , basically this film is about a psychotic killer who goes about in a killing spree in the suburbs and basically kills a lot of people in very sadistic ways . i suppose for some people it might not matter why she is this way but for me i just had a hard time in supsending my disbelief when in came to the fact she would go into the peoples ' homes , and use them as if they were her home while taking their time with them . she would drink from their glasses , shower and change her clothes there and was not shown making any attempts at being careful of leaving any evidence behind . basically she was leaving her fingerprints and d.n.a everywhere letting any law enforcing agency know that it was a dark haired female doing the killings.if she did n't care about being caught , ok whatever but i could n't help thinking the fact that she would very soon be caught . that aside , if u ' r fan of gory-torture stuff u may like this film . i think it could have been beeter if they had given the killer more backgorund info , however contrived it might be and if she ... um , would be doing her deeds wearing latex gloves and whatever . anyway , it 's basically a film about a psycopathic killer who is easy on the eyes and likes to kill and torture
 For starters let me say I like blood , gore and violence as much as the next hacker fan , but are we all so bored that we have to watch this kind of trash , what has happened to story lines that make since . So they let us get to know the characters and the psychotic killer bitch a little bit and that 's suppose to make this thing worth watching . The attempt at humor was very weak and no one had any chemistry with one another . Save your money with this one , unless you just get off on watching a chick slaughter people for no reason , -LRB- Plus one baby off camera -RRB- but I guess there are some viewers out there who like this crap or these dumbass movies would n't be made .
 Robert Angelo Masciantonio has created a film here that serious horror fans would call `` polarizing '' by definition , but given how bold `` polarizing '' sounds , I 'm going to go with `` frustrating '' instead . Some are toting this movie as yet another entry in the `` gorno '' genre , but I ca n't disagree more . Hostel was everything that Neighbor was not
 This movie delivered gore and all that but the script is stupid , the acting is bad and the movie was a waste of my time .
 I love horror movies . I can tolerate violence . What I can not stomach is someone trying to make an `` Arty '' film of a horror movie by filling it with mind-numbing gore , no character development , and no plot . I was truly worsened as a human being by wasting 93 minutes of my life viewing what I can only call the WORST film I have ever viewed . I will be contacting WalMart . I thought they objected to movies like this and it would have to bear at least a NC17 rating .
 How on earth could this lump of excrement get over a 2 star rating by anyone outside of the folks involved in the making of this `` movie '' is beyond me.I as a movie watcher enjoy a good torture porn as much as the next horror fan but when the movie makes no since and has the most jumbled up bunch of parts that are just thrown together to make a story it just will not work . If you can make since of this POC I will be very surprised.The acting is over the top bad on all sides and I pray to god I never see the lead actress face again . Take my word for it this is a total waste of your time .
 This straight to dvd movie is about as low budget as it gets . At first I thought one of the supporting characters had killed her off . Then the movie moves ahead like it never happened . Most of the special effects look very fake and cheaply made . They are so fake it ruins the hint of gore I was expecting . The main character actress does a fare job but this about the only redeeming quality in this hole movie .
 Holy smokes , how does stuff like this get greenlit ? I can only imagine people who worked on this terrible waste of film gave it its good reviews because no one with half a brain including gore-loving teenagers could find this thing remotely entertaining.Everything that can be bad about a movie is here - bad acting , bad directing , bad acting - it stinks to high heaven . It 's not even Showgirls bad where it 's so bad you can make fun of it - this guy thinks he 's made a good movie.If you value your time , do not waste it on this garbage . I would n't even recommend getting it bittorrent or borrowing it for free because you will be mad at yourself for wasting time on it . It 's quite possible the worst movie ever made and I 'm pretty tolerant when it comes to a lot of bad movies . Hopefully everyone involved with this production will be banned from movies forever .
 That was evident about the first 20 seconds of the news broadcast that never really mentioned or implied the DESCRIPTION or the SEX of the murderer.And that was about the least apparent of the problems of this movie . Where the film `` HOSTEL '' found a way of veiling horrendous acts in cinematic beauty , `` neighbor '' -LRB- lack of capitalization is purposeful -RRB- takes the grotesque and the ludicrous and disrobes them leaving all before you naked and distasteful -LRB- while in the background one can hear from the makers what may be the equivalent of the snickering belch of an infantile ten year drinking his first beer while reading some 3rd rate pulp graphic novel -RRB- . It would be difficult to tell just what are the worst aspects of this ... er ... production.It could be the acting . The actress portraying the murderess ran the gamut from not being able to feign lunatic concern with a frown to not convincing you of maniacal glee by smiling . Wait - smiling and frowning are really not much of a gamut are they ? Except for one brief decent 45 second acting done by ADULT Tracy Toth in a bit role , it 's truly bad.Or could it be the dialogue ? Spoken prose possibly only inspired by dinner talk at some fraternity named DELTA UPSILON MU . -LRB- One wonders if they left off the BETA in order not to be quite so obvious . -RRB- At one point early in the story three of the characters are walking in an alley . Their conversation is about something they have just experienced : `` I ca n't believe it !?! '' `` That movie was bad ... that movie was just PLAIN BAD!Hey , they could have written this review!Even the gratuitous and unrelated music video thrown in on the DVD by some group with a name akin to `` Pitiful Profit '' , `` Lowered Expectations '' or `` Talent Discount '' -LRB- why advertise the group 's true moniker ? -RRB- might get some votes.Please tell us this was the fifth grade class project of the Woodrow Wilson Progressive School of the Arts , and that producers and actors were wearing lifts in their flip-flops attempting to be adults ... PLEASE !
 You know all of those lists that people make with movies that are so bad they 're good ? Well this movie is n't one of them . NEIGHBOR is one of those movies that tries to ride the coattails of the current popular wave but does n't live up to the rest or even come close to it . This time around the film du jour is torture porn.The story revolves around `` the girl '' -LRB- American Olivo -RRB- and yes , that 's her character 's name . `` The girl '' is a psycho who watches people , goes to their homes and then tortures them to death . Her catch phrase revolves around wanting to see what would happen or if something would work that she 's heard of . For instance would someone really be electrocuted if a hair dryer were dropped into a bathtub full of water they were in ? You get the picture.We move on to a group of friends that at one time were a garage band hoping to make it big . The leader of the group is Dan ... at least I think that 's his name ... I 've tried to wipe so much of this movie from my mind I 'm not sure . Anyway , Dan has a girlfriend he 's hoping to make up with while at the same time eyeing the local barmaid at the hangout this trio of friends frequents . It is there that he is spotted by `` the girl '' . Of course she follows him home and somehow the next thing he finds is himself tied to a chair and `` the girl '' figuring out just what to do with him . How about for starters she digs the claw end of a hammer into his shin and pulls up on it ? That way the special effects guy gets to introduce some nice gore into the film . Not enough ? Then let 's take that drill she was walking around with and drill through his big toe , all on camera.Bit by bit `` the girl '' tortures Dan over and over again with new ways to inflict pain upon him . So much so that he eventually escapes into his own mind , reliving many of the boring , mundane things we witnessed earlier . But then he returns for us to witness more torture.When his friends show up , none of them seem smart enough to take out the single psycho and they too become victims . Eventually even his girlfriend shows to be tortured with a particularly gruesome hacksaw across the mouth scene that will give normal people chills and gore fans orgasms.I just do n't get the whole genre . I love horror films but never felt that these sorts of films fell into that category . I 've considered them more for fans of special effects than of films . I 've thought that the whole idea of horror in a film was taken too literally in these types , focusing on the most disgusting thing possible rather than the subtle type of terror that lasts with you for days and gets into your mind.Perhaps these films are homage to the drive in exploitation classics that featured gruesome gore in the past . But then even those films had a story . These seem made just to get the gore out there as cheaply and easily as possible . If that 's all that matters to you , you 'll love this movie . Otherwise you 're wasting your time.SPOILER ALERTIf you do n't want to waste the time with this movie , here is what happens . `` The girl '' tortures everyone she comes into contact with in the film . Dan was planning a party to celebrate the group and his friends all show at the end of the film and the party begins . All the while , the tortured bodies of the band are in the basement rec room . `` The girl '' walks among the guests and heads out , taking time to talk to a vapid young girl and then moving on , walking down the street to find her next victim . So with the exception of offering a bunch of gore effects , the film is basically pointless . Well until someone comes along and tries to explain the `` artistic merits '' of this film and the social implications offered that are metaphors for the real world . Give me a break .
 Neighbor is a plotless movie that is strictly made to show a series of sadistic and horrifyingly systematic torture and slaughter of helpless victims . The sadist is a young woman , obviously insane but no explanation is given who she is and why she is doing these unflinchingly depicted murders . The unknown actress playing the role has to know this will be her first and last movie role because who in their right mind would ever hire her unless it was the Marquis DeSade.Since there is no real storyline I will cite a few of the ways people are tortured so this will be a warning to whether someone out there would ever want to watch this sickening piece of trash.A young girl has her mouth sawed open leaving her with a lop-sided grin that stretches ear to ear.This same young girl is cut open from the crook of her elbow to her wrist until her blood gushes out faster than an over-flowing bathtub . However the stage blood in this scene is not even convincing stage blood and looks like watered down tomato juice.She really goes to town on this same girls ' boyfriend . She uses a sharp instrument to turn his big toes to mush . This is the nicest thing she does to him . She also punctures his cheek with a dentists ' pick . uses an electric drill to bore through his thigh and de-caps his knee with a pizza cutter . She also inserts a long sharp instrument into the young mans ' penis and although it 's obvious it was a prosthetic the scene is so vivid and squeamish I felt the pain in my own penis.The sadistic young woman also electrocutes , poisons and burns someone alive.This , I hesitate to call it a movie is a gorehounds delight and from the five-star `` plant '' reviewers you would think this is the best movie ever made . It is n't . Not by a long shot . And since there is no reason for the gruesome going-ons -LRB- even Freddy Krueger had a motive in the original `` Nightmare On Elm Street -RRB- , i can not recommend this sadistic piece of trash but it does deliver in the gore department and blows even `` Hostel '' in the torture genre out of the water.I happened to see the R-eated version of this picture and there is an unrated directors cut out there . God help us .
 Justin Bieber
 What a waste of money this was . They did n't even have Justin sing one song so I could see if I wanted to buy his other dvd .
 wow ... this was boring !! the narrorator was corny and lame as well as the unknown people talking about justin !! the movie is caled Justin bieber : the untold story of his rise to fame ... the untold part is false advertising they just re-itterate everything from never say never along with the same clips that they play over and over blah well atleast it was only 5 dollars ! i didnt even take the time out to finish watching it .
 creepy and terrible , this `` movie '' played like a reel of obsessed adults living far far away from the spotlight.do not watch this movie or rent it . you will be supporting bad filmaking
 The screen quality is not so good , not HD , like watching an old TV set :-LRB- I think unofficial stuff are bad and do not deserve to charge you anything .
 Do n't bother.Basically none of the scenes from the trailer are in the film in any greater length than that of in the trailer . In other words if you wanted to see more of the awesome redhead your out of luck , or thing topless big breasted woman shaking them by the rocks , or the girl carrying the melons then you 're out of luck.Don ' t waste your time or money like I did , I took one for the team , so heed my warning.I paid the $ 7.99 to own this and it 's a waste , I ca n't figure out how to download it -LRB- I think you can only do that if you have a kindle -RRB- . So I got screwed by amazon and by the misleading trailer of this film .
 Acting was terrible and I thought there was going to be more nudity but it turned out just to be a s *** ty waste of my time .
 Stay away from this movie , this movie is not worth the rental , let along buy it , run , run , run , low quality
 Have you ever wondered why high-priced , high roller and powerful actors take on roles in bad movies ? That 's the question you 'll ask yourself if you watch this drivel.Perhaps the answer is three generations of Douglases -- Kirk , Michael and Cameron -- appear in `` It Runs in the Family '' . The two older Douglases play Jewish -LRB- Gromberg -RRB- lawyers -LRB- Kirk a retired former partner now overcoming a stroke -RRB- while son Asher -LRB- Cameron -RRB- is a slacker attending college . The cast includes Bernadette Peters as Michael 's wife and Rory Culkin and their younger son.My onscreen guide said the movie was taken from a short story by the guy that wrote `` Christmas Story '' and was supposed to be a followup on that success based on memories of the pre-teen son , which would be Culkin . Whomever wrote that never saw this movie!This script was apparently about family dysfunction , since the dad wants to do the nasty with a woman he knows from a soup kitchen , the college boy ca n't keep his pants on and ends up in trouble with the cops over drugs , and the younger son also has a romantic entanglement with a skag he knows from school . The old man 's wife dies , too , pushing him into Michael 's disheveled household.This sounds formulaic except the formula does n't work . Instead of being drawn into the lives of these losers , you laugh at the silly predicaments created for them by the awkward script . There is hardly a moment in the entire film that represents anything remotely close to real family life . Every moment seems to be taken over by one calamity or another , usually of the male Douglases creation.For me , this was a memorable film in a negative way . If Michael Douglas made $ 20 million for this movie , the people that bankrolled this turkey should ask for a 95 percent refund . For , in addition to the movie being a loser , Michael Douglas is badly out of shape in it with a big gut that sticks out . So much for the beautiful people , eh?Unless you are a Douglas film completist or totally dedicated to seeing something starring a bunch of family members , steer clear of this bomb . It is funny , agreed , but not in positive ways .
 I heard this is a light-weight comedy about one family . Surely , it is intended as such , but the laugh comes not so often , and the story is too slow , or the characters are too many . The only unique point is that it features the Douglas family , particularly Michael and Kirk in one film -LRB- and as father and son -RRB- , but that fact does n't help at all when it takes more than ten minutes -LRB- in a roundabout way -RRB- to introduce all of them to us . Hey , we -LRB- I mean , those fans who would watch this film -RRB- all know that Kirk is the father of Michael , so why you take so long before starting things?Yes , three generations from the Douglas family show up in this film as the `` Grombergs '' a dysfunctional family whose members just do not how to communicate with each other . Grumpy Kirk Douglas is the center of the family -LRB- and the film -RRB- while his son Michael Douglas 's character faces the crisis of the family -LRB- in the shape of the suspected infidelty -RRB- . Each member has his/her problems , as this kind of film always show . So , you also see Diana Douglas -LRB- Michael 's mother -RRB- playing against Kirk Douglas while Cameron Douglas -LRB- Michael 's son -RRB- appears as ... er ... Michael 's character 's son , who is not doing well in university , and got into troubles , one drug-related . Now , the troubles with `` It Runs in the Family '' is that the film ALMOST touches the very biting truths about being in a family -- you can not get away from your children , siblings , or parents no matter what they are , or how they act . You sit through the embarrasing moments of the family 's annual gatherings , wishing that this would end soon , and the film tries to show such moments . But what it reveals in the overlong running time is nothing original or truthful to us . One example shows
 The best thing I can say for this movie is that I was never oppressively bored by it . It had various storylines that kept my interest to varying degrees , but none so poignant as to make the film highly memorable . The most lasting impression is that this is a collection of cliches that largely wastes most of its cast . For one , there 's Kirk Douglas , playing a character who would be right at home in GRUMPY OLD MEN 3 if such a film were to be made . One relative newcomer to the big screen represented herein is Michelle Monaghan . She comes the nearest to looking like a refreshing new talent with the potential to hold her own amidst three generations of the Douglas clan . Too bad she 's stuck in a role that is the movie 's most gratingly oppressive cliche -- a young woman who ca n't fall for a guy until she 's first called him some scum of the Earth , in this case comparing him to `` a zoo monkey rolling in its feces '' . Each movie with such a cliche gnaws away a little more at our hopes that in the real world , unlike in the cinematic one , everyone might be entitled to enough self-respect that she 'd have little chance to fall for him after telling him such a thing . By the way , why do movies never have a guy and a girl fall for each other after HE has called HER a `` zoo monkey rolling in its feces '' ? Rhetorical question , I 'm afraid . Too bad . Then there is Michael Douglas , playing a stock-character longsuffering husband/father/son . While volunteering at a soup kitchen he is virtually attacked by an agressive seductress in the form of a fellow volunteer . That incident leaves some evidence that will eventually -- you guessed it -- convince his wife that he has had an `` affair '' . His wife , played by Bernadette Peters , is another clicheed character , a cold wife toward her husband as he deals with the turmoil and chaos of his immediate and extended family . She subjects him to `` damned if you do and damned if you do n't '' conditions , berating him for not giving enough attention to his parents ' wishes , while at the same time resenting every moment of his attentions that his parents divert away from her . When she discovers evidence of his `` affair '' , her reaction is essentially one we 've seen in many other movies before . Insisting she knows all about what happened , his attempts to enlighten her with what really did happen and how he mostly resisted an aggressor are met with a protestation that she does n't want to hear the details . She insists on banning him from their bed until they seek marriage counseling . Considering that she is ostensibly a counselor herself , it 's hard to see how her rigid , no gray area reactions to things could bode well as to how counseling could do much for the couple . One final cliche is one we could only wish were less of a fantasy . It 's the cliche of the diminutive schoolboy -LRB- played in this case by Rory Culkin -RRB- who is tormented by bullies but ultimately musters the courage -LRB- Read
 This is simply ridiculously bad , just ridiculous . Many characters are introduced , many storylines are established -- and not ONE is developed satisfactorily . Novice filmmaking from everyone except the actors . No great performances here but all competent . I particularly enjoyed Rory Culkin as Michael Douglas 's young son . Culkin provides the film 's one genuinely funny moment when he asks a surprising question of his mother -LRB- who is concerned he is n't speaking to his parents enough -RRB- . It is always nice to see Kirk Douglas still performing and he has great courage to do so . However , giving him foul-mouthed dialogue and dirty jokes - as this film does - is not very dignified . Parents beware
 With the Douglas family and Bernadette Peters , I was looking forward to a great ensemble piece . I also noticed that it is described as a comedy . A good , intelligent comedy with what seemed to be a stellar cast was what I hoped to see.It is not a comedy - it is bleak and depressing . It is also cliched and indulgent . Many fragmented plot lines , no real story . The only characters I found to be tolerable where the two women of the family . The men seemed so one-dimensional , boorish and grating , there was little story to tell or little I even wanted to know about them . Even the women fit into the `` long-suffering wife '' cliche , which I found ridiculous.Also , as with the movie `` About Schmidt -LRB- also erroneously advertised as a comedy - WHY ? -RRB- , '' I did n't realize this movie was about family dynamics and the loss of a family member -LRB- at least as one of its many half-explored subplots -RRB- . I recently lost a parent and wish I had never watched either of these films so soon after . If I had known before renting them , I would n't have . So , you should know . I felt both were a cliched , superficial and disrespectfully -LRB- though I 'm sure unintentionally -RRB- callous regarding the experience of losing a parent . Took me a couple of days after to `` recover '' from the films . Someone suggested that this is a great film for the holidays . It defininitely is NOT if you recently have gone through this sort of loss . Beware.I stopped watching about 2/3 of the way through , something I rarely do , even with a film I do n't particularly like .
 I did not read any reviews before buyng this used at a video store , but it seemed so appealing based on its description and photo . I really wanted to like the movie and kept on watching even after the first 10 minutes when I had already realized I was just not going to like it . The acting is tremendous but I did not feel any chemistry between any of the guys and their women -LRB- not even rory and the runaway -RRB- except Kirk and Diana . It looks like it could have been a nice family movie , but it has two torrid ripping off of clothes to have instant sex scenes , a gratuitous scene of girl lying lewdly in thong underwear while talking on the phone to cameron , and a morning-after scene of Cameron beside a naked girl lying under the sheets though thankfully no sex was really shown . -RRB- I did like the dance scene between Kirk and Diana , the a little bit tender moments Michael showed sometimes with Bernadette , and the hilarious scene with the green thong underwear when Bernadette says
 In `` It Runs in the Family , '' real life father and son , Kirk and Michael Douglas , portray a fictional father and son who seem never to have gotten along very well in life . Despite the fact that we know that this filial conflict is what the film is supposed to be about , there is such a profusion of characters and subplots cluttering up the storyline that the central relationship is never as fully developed as it needs to be to make the concept work . I suspect that the fact that the elder Douglas is currently suffering from the debilitating effects of a stroke he had a few years back -LRB- resulting in his inability to speak clearly -RRB- necessitated this shift away from these two characters for an inordinate amount of the movie 's running time . Indeed , if there is one charge to be leveled against Jesse Wigutow 's all-over-the-map screenplay , it is that it is clearly trying to do too many things at once - and not doing any of them particularly well , I might add.Wigutow and director Fred Schepisi have provided us with a dizzying array of characters , some of whom make an impact on the audience and some of whom come across as mere devices to help pad out the enormously overstuffed plot . The multi-generational canvas is made up of Mitchell Gromberg , the curmudgeonly patriarch who seemingly never gave his son the love and encouragement he needed ; Alex Gromberg , Mitch 's liberal-minded attorney son who resents his father and worries that he may be no better a role model to his own boys than Mitchell was to him ; Evelyn Gromberg , the understanding matriarch who has always had to serve as broker and peacemaker between her two feuding `` boys ; '' Rebecca Gromberg , Alex ' levelheaded wife who worries -LRB- rightfully in one case -RRB- that both their children are headed for some kind of major trouble ; Asher Gromberg , their pot-pushing , ne'er - do-well son who sure could use some guidance from his hardworking , preoccupied father ; and , finally , Eli Gromberg , their eleven-year-old boy who gets beaten up regularly by the rampaging school bullies . Add to this list a bevy of friends , relatives , business associates and other assorted onlookers and hangers-on , few of whom are of any interest to us in the audience , and you have the recipe for one mighty messy and overcooked storyline . `` It Runs in the Family '' does achieve moments of pathos and power , particularly when it is focusing on the harsh realities of aging and losing a loved one , and the poignancy of time passing , but too often these moments are diluted by soap opera mechanics and an inappropriately slapstick tone -LRB- an impromptu , middle-of-the-night `` Viking '' funeral is particularly ludicrous and egregious in this respect -RRB- . Just as we are caught up in the problems of one character , we are deflected to those of another whom we could - quite frankly - care less about.One ca n't exactly fault the actors for not being to pull this material off . The two Douglases , Bernadette Peters , Diana Douglas and Rory Culkin do what they can with what they 've been given . What they really could have used was a more disciplined writer and director to keep the whole damn thing in better focus .
 This film was listed as a light-hearted comedy , however , there was absolutely NOTHING funny in this entire film . It is about a totally dysfunctional family -- two of the family members die , the son is a drug addict -- I just did not see any humor in this film at all . Actually , I found it to be totally depressing ! I certainly would not want someone who is already feeling down to see this movie , it might just send them over the edge .
 A reviewer here called this movie a ` vanity piece ' of the Douglas clan . That 's a bit harsh because many parts of the movie are actually quite endearing and could easily have been just about any family in a big city . The first 10 minutes leave you wishing for something to happen , a wish that unfortunately remains ungranted until the credits roll . Acting wise , it 's decent but amounts to little . Younger generation , in particular Rory Culkin as a young kid and Cameron Douglas -LRB- Michael Douglas ' real-life son -RRB- as a wannabe casanova tween , display an easy charm and grace that makes them watchable . I recommend getting a complete picture of the movie through its quicktime trailor , because the actual movie adds very little to that .
 There is nothing funny and entertaining about this movie . It is about three generations of a dysfunctional family . Kirk Douglas is extremely unlikable and Michael Douglas is no more appealing . The movie drags on and on about family problems that are purely depressing .
 This is the worst Micheal Douglas Movie I saw so far . It is about a dysfunctional Famliy . it has little comedy in it un like others that have dysfunctional families . it is downright boring .
 Sick , sadistic , ugly film ... revels in cruelty ... the teenager is so irritating , sarcastic , cruel and such an ugly character ... one psychopath tormenting another ... disgusting ...
 Well , this movie sucked.Yeah yeah , it 's about a young girl getting revenge on some guy for blah blah blah.Yes , the girl was smart , and yes it 's plausible ... sort of.The whole movie just comes of very formulaic.There 's really no surprise and the absence of any real explanation for who the girl is -LRB- other than the personification of revenge -RRB- just serves to make this coming off as trying to be deeper than it really is.It 's like they tried too hard.Oh yeah , and the dialog is corny too.Better luck next time , I guess .
 Absurd premise made even worse by repulsive plot . All I can see is a creepy 40 year-old male screen writer who has never had a girlfriend thinking , `` Yes ! This is edgy ! '' as he types away . The fatal flaw in this film is
 Predictably overpraised torture-swill that I watched on a pay-cableoutlet that , honest to God , followed their airing of this film with SAWIII , and then KINKY SEX CLUB -LRB- one of those faceless soft-core pornfilms they run in late night time-slots -RRB- ! An unfortunate anomaly ofprogramming , you say ? Business as usual , says I. Though HARD CANDYdepends upon the illusion of offering acerbic social commentary , itsonly value as cultural document is as a prosecution exhibitestablishing the media 's eager complicity in the continuing collapse ofWestern civilization - and that includes the critics . -LRB- Speaking ofwhom , I wonder how unanimous their praise would have been had this filmbeen about a 14-year-old BOY taunting and tormenting an adult malepedophile attempting to seduce him ? Ahh , but Hollywood does n't like todwell on the preponderance of homosexual pedophiles in the headlinesthey exploit for popular consumption . That sort of thing 's bad for theoverall agenda . -RRB- If you 're still burbling pop-sociology phrases like ` grrrl power ' and ` subversive gender/power reversal ' , adamant that HARDCANDY is provocative and powerful and that new standby for exploitativejunk , ` darkly witty ' , try this simple test . Mentally subtract all thehigh-tech 21st century tchotchkes from the scenario - the cell phonesand lap tops and such - and give HARD CANDY a 1930s , art-decoproduction design . Set it in Weimar Germany , and make it the tale of aworldly , predatory , pedophilic Jew getting his deserved comeuppance atthe hands of a plucky , self-reliant Aryan maiden of 14 . Voila ! It 's JUDSUSS with ropes and a scalpel ! Now sit back , and let your conditioningdo the rest .
 When I saw the preview for Hard Candy ahead of whatever artsy-fartsy movie I saw at the downtown cinema , I was excited . I thought it was really going to knock my socks off.Instead , I wasted a spot on my Netflix queue and got bored , yo.I will give it this
 I do n't know wehere to begin . The cast was wrong . The story was bland yet confusing . It 's portrayed as a horror/suspense flick and it 's probably more PG in my opinion and the ending was awful . It 's not worth the 90 minutes of my life + 8.50 .
 First of all I approached this as a Horror movie why Amazon was labeling it as such is a mystery to me . There was no horror in this film at all . There was little suspense . Then there was a story line thats like nothing I 've ever seen , yet its not possible for me to substantiate it by comments . You would have to watch it to see what I mean . The movie was bizzare . The storyline is too exxagerated , first of all its a petitie female who is supposed to be 14 and is some sort of vigilante . A 14 year old who is mature and smart beyond the level that the average A student with higher than average IQ 's could be . Then there is the fact that her victim is atleast double her size yet she is able to maneuver him around constantly . Then there is the fact , though I 'm not commonly disturbed , that the 14 year olds efforts have a disturbing motive . I spent a $ 1 for this film and consider that this was a waste of my buck and two hours . Boo ! Not literally though - no spook here . Lol .
 I wish I could have given this zero stars . This movie is pointless . The dialogue is cheesy and the girl -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- acts and talks far too sophisticated for a 14 year old . The whole reason for why Ellen Page 's character is seeking revenge on this seemingly nice guy is never revealed.The bottom line is the movie has a bad plot which is never fully explained and Ellen Page 's character is extremely unbelievable and annoying .
 I 'm trying to imagine what an empty , distasteful experience it must have been shooting the film , HARD CANDY.The crew was probably happy to be working . The actors , same . Just read the lines , do your best with what you have . The writer and director -LRB- or was it writer/director ? -RRB- ... not a deep thinker . If he 's overly enthusiastic , he must believe this is an awesome film that 's gon na knock people on their butts . If he 's introspective and brooding , he 's going to try to draw from good performances and mount the story as best he can.But what a cold mess this movie is.Both main characters are unworthy of more than five minutes of my time.He 's a creep for picking up a teenage girl and bringing her back for some -- `` wink , wink , nudge , nudge , phot-tog-graphy , he said . '' She quickly turns into such a nasty , psychotic presence that the viewer is left wondering for whom to root for . And to root for what ? Yes , go ahead and castrate him ! Yes , shake free from her ropes and kill her ! Any young teen girl that cool and sadistic may be just as dangerous to the population as a clumsy pedophile with a camera . Or was he a pedophile ? In all the back-and-forth accusations and humiliations , I did n't care what happened to either one of them . I did want to see either both going down horribly ... or both just walking away.For one to triumph over the other seemed ... hard and unsatisfying .
 Man , for receiving top billing on the movie , you 'd think that Sandra Oh would 've had more than two minutes of screen time as a curious neighbor delivering girl scout cookies.The DVD case says `` Fatal Attraction for a new generation '' . Not even close . This movie tried too hard to be good , and did n't come through.I was suckered in to watch it because I 'm a movie buff . I do n't regret watching it , but I wo n't be talking to many friends about it.I was disappointed with the product , wished that there was more Sandra Oh -LRB- based only on the billing -RRB- , and thought it dragged .
 What ? Where am I ? Okay , did I just wake up from a Horrible Nightmare or what ? I 'm telling you right now , this so-called film can startle my dreams into HELL , litterally ! I thought the story plot from this one would be harmless , boy , was I wrong . This was going way too far . Listen everybody , there 's a positive way to handle a Blood-Curdling crisis and there 's a negative way . Why does this movie have to hit very close to home anyway ? I was very ashamed after this was over . It was very immoral,shocking,disturbing,anti-social , twisted,one-sided , out of line and very hard to swallow . -LRB- i 'm not laughing . -RRB- Once Ellen Page 's character was in the guy 's house , she knew what she was doing . Because I kept telling myself that she had something up her sleeve , and I was right . That man was in for a Rude Awakening . The tables were turned , she was completely out of her rotten mind and she tried to find evidence against him . All she found , was one picture , one measley picture of an underage girl . This sets her character off , causing her to do the unthinkable to a man , who says he 's innocent . This so-called film caused me to feel sorry for the guy . He 's being tortured , accused , electricuted , humiliated , operated on and worst of all , horrified . He was the victem in all of this . The accuser was a rotten-minded teenage girl with a motive to bring a pedophile down to justice . I mean , for pete 's sake she got away with stuff nobody should get away with . I could n't put anything together to figure this film out . In reality , there are teens out there in the world who would NOT react the way Ellen 's character did . Thank God there is help when you need it . Look guys , Spoiler or not , the victem dies , the accuser gets away scott-free and it 's MESSED UP ! I 'm sorry , but this garbage needs to be banned , seriously . I do n't believe I was drawn to it . What the hell happened to good ol' Drama movies ? Does anybody know ? Well , there 's my answer
 Stagebound , interminably talky , contrived and dull , until it collapses into complete inanity in the final act . This movie has garnered a lot of cachet because people are scandalized by the subject matter . It 's really badly written , though . ` Freeway ' was a far superior film in every possible respect.Page is simply obnoxious . Wilson gives a better performance than the material deserves . And the director struggles vainly to make the boring single setting interesting , but his TV commercial background leaves him ill-equipped . Ignore the hype on this one - at least until you 've seen the excellent ` Freeway . '
 This movie I did n't like at all . This girl had more strength then a WWF wrestler . How in the world was she able to pick up this guy so that he is on the chair with a rope around his neck ? This girl was beyond possessed . They made the guy look really weak and boy was she controlling all through the movie . If you want to see a strong girl take revenage on someone then this is your movie to watch . Notice while she was on the roof with the guy that all of a sudden the gun is missing . Was n't she carrying a gun ? heck , why did n't she just shoot the darn guy . Oh that 's right , then the movie would only be a half hour movie . The director chose to take us on a long ride of watching the guy beg for his life . He could have just thrown her off the roof and then hang himself , now that would have been a better plot .
 Hard Candy . Geez , where to even start ? well , it starts off with hayley conversing with Jeff online , and they meet at a nearby cafe -LRB- hayley is 14 , Jeff 34 -RRB- and Hayley willingly goes back to Jeffs , where Jeff is tricked and tortured by Hayley . I watched this movie , and i had a hard time even stomaching this . I had to resist the urge to turn it over early in the movie , tho i just about turned it off and wondered if I could of rented a different movie , or saved that 2.99 for something else . Im here to help you , to tell you why it to me was an utter failure . Lets jump in , shall we ? 1 . the story
 Actually , do n't let my two-star rating mislead you
 After watching this movie , i have to tell you ... i thought it was horrible . The acting was lame at best , the script was terrible and unfolded like a ripped up napkin . The ending was an obvious attempt at a stupid twist which could be seen coming a mile away . Further more , this movie wasnt difficult to watch or taboo in anyway to me . It was just another crappily directed low-budgeted movie .
 Could have been interesting , on a tough topic . Midway through the movie , the viewer feels like one is tied down and forced to listen to a harsh lecture-one needs to be entertained in a movie , not tossed with one cliche after the other . A movie that in theory could happen in real life should show people behaving as they actually do , not as this movie does . Beyond ridiculous , a movie with no realism , and people behaving in ways that are laughable . Just because a movie is sick , does not make it good . in the end , a movie has to make at least some sense , and it HAS TO ENTERTAIN ! This movie does neither . I had to watch 10 sitcoms to get it 's foolishness out of my head .
 Not so much disturbing as just plain old boring ! Listening to Haley go on an on and on and him panting and breathing heaving for 90 minutes was a bit much . Truly one of the most drab movies I have ever seen .
 Yeeouch ! Think `` I Spit on Your Grave '' with a very good art director . `` Audition '' for the Lolita set . If you feel Kevin Bacon got off too easy in `` The Woodsman , '' or you enjoy sitting through entire `` Law and Order
 Well once again a movie doesnt live up to the hype . . We have seen it all before in blockbuster movies like Phantom Menace and in more smaller independant movies like Hostel ... The film is over rated and mass hyped so much its almost a tearful let down when you finaly get to see it.Hard Candy is a prime example . Lending a certain amount from a classic asian movie `` Audition '' , the film centers around a slightly un-hinged 14 year old on a mission to expose a supsected child abuser.The movie drags , although you will find yourself keeping on , thinking it will delve into a dark film much like `` Audition '' does , wrecking havoc on your senses . But no . After enduring a lot of bad 2 way conversation for at least 60 minutes , you reach a scene of sadaistc violence which realy is n't anything that will shock you , as its cleverly avoided at all costs , a true lack of daring on the film makers part . Not asking for gore at all but it trys to shock the viewer by suggestion , but fails on all levels.Dont get me wrong , the premise is all there , the story could be powerful and realy disturbing . The suggestive scenes could be realy shocking , but it just isnt.The film is inconsistant , once scene -LRB- not meaning to reveal a spoiler -RRB- sees the 14 year old over power a fully grown man , in fact she does it twice and it will leave you sitting there thinking `` nah ... doubt it '' . Also the girl is portrayed constantly as a realy intelligent person , someone who makes well thought out actions , but in a scene when she is confronted by a neighbour , she becomes someone else and the film loses balance , then she returns inside and then becomes the intelligent and plotting teen ... If you want a film which promises alot and fails to realy devliery anything , a film which avoids upsetting the viewer and suffers for it , a movie which lacks true direction and boldness , then go see it ... Im sure you will wake up when the cinema lights come on ... If on the other hand you havent seen this or Audition , id seriously suggest get the Asian classic , its along the same lines in a way but will truely make an impact on you and will be much more rewarding than this ... Appologies for an grammer and/or spelling mistakes , 1.52 am and im tired :op zzzz
 I watched this movie originally due to Ellen Page , who is one of my favorite actresses . This movie was the worst feature I have seen in a long time . Ellen 's character goes on some sort of crusade to torture a pedo -LRB- including castration . -RRB- Her character goes from bad to worse as the movie goes on . As always , she does an amazing job in the roll ; however by the end of it you hope the man who was supposed to be the villian will win . Most movies I buy I buy with the intention of watching more than one time . However , the one time I watched this was quite enough , and I truly could not make it through it again . Thank God Ellen has moved on in her career because this film could have truly damaged it .
 Total pile for crap . Do n't waste your time ... . anyone w / half a brain in their head will be watching the clock praying for the end of this movie . A definite skip .
 The only thing intriguing is the cover art of this DVD . Do n't be fooled.I did n't like the movie at all.I do n't see how any decent man can like this movie.Who made this crazy teenage gal a judge , jury and executioner when there 's reasonable doubt on the possible innocence of the accused man ? This movie is a total drag with stills homing in on the psychotic fanaticism of a teenage gal . She plays a honeypot trap on the man , stringing him along , making him invite her to his apartment , only to drug him and torture him without listening to his pleas . He 's a photographer and keeps pictures of female models , oooo , that 's a crime in her eyes and he must be tortured and punished for it . Wait , he also takes tons pictures of nature , etc. , but the crazy gal does n't want to see him as a conservationist or a freelancer for National Geographic , etc. . He has to have some hidden agenda for collecting pictures of female models ! OK . He must be guilty of something , and that alleged crime must be something related to a female victim or victims . Ca n't find proof or evidence ? Drug the guy , tie him up and do nasty things . Nevermind , he collects pictures of females , he must be guilty of something ! For over than an hour , you get to hear about the man 's elusive `` guilt '' of what the gal thinks he might have committed . She seduces him and then turns the tables on him and claims that it is `` his fault '' ! Classic psychotic behavior ! In the end , the crazy lunatic female bitch tricks the poor man into killing himself - which he does.Justice done , or justice abused?Justice is totally abused in this time-wasting movie `` Hard Candy '' . If you are the type who wants to shout `` gal power ! '' and would like to watch movies that empower women , try `` COLOMBIANA '' , the latest box office release this year 2011 , or `` Kill Bill '' . Kill Bill , Vols . 1 & 2ColombianaI Spit on Your GraveIf you want to watch movies with the theme of justice drilled into it , try these : The Punisher -LRB- Extended Cut -RRB- Taken -LRB- Single-Disc Extended Edition -RRB- Rambo - The Complete Collector 's Set -LRB- First Blood - Ultimate Edition / Rambo - First Blood Part II - Ultimate Edition / Rambo III - Ultimate Edition / John Rambo - Special Edition -RRB-
 > you 're a pedophile > no i 'm not > yes you are > ok maybe i am > i 'm going to cut your genitals off > you are ? > lol jk > ok > but seriously , hang yourself > ok * Theater erupts in applause *
 The equivalent of the remake of Texas Chainsaw Massacre , `` Hard Candy '' hardly packs a whallop . The film looks cheap , the actors are unconvincing and the story-line , to say the least , is boring , predictable , linear , and without depth . This is a sophmoric production . You will squirm but not much else . Do n't buy the hype that this is a new generation 's Fatal Attraction . That film had layers of meaning and subtle acting .
 This movie is nothing more than a public service announcement disguised as a movie , with a title and cover art designed to trick people into thinking it is a movie that it is not . Note how the girl 's face is not visible on the cover , because she is not very attractive , and by no means `` Hard Candy '' at all.It would be like having a movie titled `` Rock Concert '' and a photo of electric guitars and drums on a stage , and then the movie is actually about a classical pianist who teaches us all about how wrong it is to listen to rock music and goes around killing people who listen to Rock.Basically , here you have a movie disguised as one that will be about some real hot girl , and instead you have a homely looking `` tom boy '' -LRB- short hair and looks like a boy -RRB- that uses the internet to entice and trap a poor guy into meeting her , then she tricks him into taking her to his house , after he insisted it was not a good idea . She drugs him , ties him up and commits the most criminal acts of torture that makes Abu Ghraib look like a vacation resort in comparison.In real life , the guy would have yelled out for help when he had the chance when he was outside the house , and had this girl put away in prison , but instead , he decides to hang himself because she talks him into it ? His crime was trying to be a friend to someone so homely that she could n't get any dates or attention from anyone else , and to reward him for his kindness , she puts him through the horror of having his sack cut off and puting it down the garbage disposal?One of the directors or producers of the film , in one of the extra feature interviews provided on the DVD , admits that this movie has outraged so many people -LRB- he claims at least 25 % -RRB- enough to write and complain about it . He actually then takes that as a compliment and takes pride in the fact the movie angered so many people , saying if the movie could provide so much emotion in people , then it is a success.Anyone can produce a movie that outrages people , that does n't take any talent , good acting , interesting story line , or effort at all.Now make a movie that has everyone praising it , and you have something .
 Hard Candy is a bad movie that could have been a good movie , or even a very good movie.Its premise is provoking and highly original
 This visually spare movie has a very theatrical feel ; it 's shot almost entirely on a single set and has just three cast members . The performances of the two main actors are riveting and provide 90 minutes of compelling viewing . And it 's these performances alone that make the film worth watching.Sadly , Hard Candy is simply too implausible and exploitative to be of any real value . Page 's character is far more resourceful , remorseless , relentless , and self-assured than any 14-year-old . Her morality , which is pivotal , becomes increasingly ambiguous as the film progresses , and the violence , although it mostly takes place out of shot , verges uncomfortably close to torture porn , displacing any message that might have been intended , and polarising the viewer 's sympathies . The shock tactics used here , which would be perfectly acceptable in a horror vehicle , are out of place in a film such as this .
 The title `` Hard Candy '' is so enticing ; sexual and dangerous . The film itself is somewhat like a Tootsie Roll pop -- in that it has an annoying layer on the outside that prevents you from getting to the core . The problem Hard Candy is that it takes too many `` licks '' to get to the center!What I found about this `` candy '' was that the first 40 minutes of the film are n't `` hard '' at all . Leave it to -LSB- ... -RSB- to make things interesting . Bodily mutilation can sometimes do that , I suppose.There are few things in today 's world that frighten a parent more than pedophiles or the abduction of their child , and Hard Candy tries to capitalize on these fears . There are just too many problems with the film to make it a chilling and memorable one . For example , the young girl is far too cunning and crafty for her age . Its simply unbelievable that she could could pull of most of the things that she does.One very good thing about Hard Candy was that the viewer is never quite sure if the man is rightfully accused ; the young girl becomes the villain.The major underlying theme of Hard Candy however , seems to be about vengeance , which only satisfies to a certain degree . Good films based on such premises appeal only to the desire for retribution and leaves one feeling satisfied only for a brief moment in time .
 Ellen Page was so annoying in this movie , honestly the plot was dumb and the whole point of her doing what she did was not clear through out this pointless movie . I just hated it , I feel like I wasted my money renting it .
 I wanted to see this movie because I thought it was going to be a predator/prey suspense movie . As it turns out , by the middle of the movie , I did not know which of the main characters I should be ` pulling for ' . This movie was strictly about a revenge that realistically could not be possible . I will try not to describe any scenes that would spoil too much of the movie.This movie was a very ` over-the-top ' rant from a person with obvious pain in their life . I think the message of the movie could have been portrayed better in a more controlled manner . I also think the writer -LRB- s -RRB- tried to shock the audience , trying to let us know the anguish that is molestation , but I feel that message was garbled.The whole premise of the teenage character , actions and words , were painfully unbelievable . The teenage girl was supposed to be ~ 14 ; she acted with such calculating precision and her words were chosen too well ... I found reality suspension a major issue . The whole plot of the movie progressed too easily because her plans fell so perfectly into place.It seemed as though the writer was trying to vent angrily by torturing a child molester in the movie . It was like the writer came up with a monologue and a torture list then spent a few minutes trying to paste them all together . There was way too much thought put into the teenagers dialog and actions but not on how to progress from scene to scene . That is why I say that reality suspension was hard . Her plan worked too perfectly - plain and simple . Mainly for that reason , among countless others , was why this movie ended up playing like a rant . Even when the tables were turned and something ` unexpected ' happened , she reversed the situation as if she knew it would happen , and then nonchalantly act as if it was n't a problem . The suspense felt like it was trying to be injected into a movie so the rant could continue . The ends were way too loose on this one -- her evidence management was overly faulty for example.I do not recommend this movie . The writer should have tried for empathy rather than playing out a revenge fantasy .
 This movie is sick . From start to finish . Disturbing . You will have bad dreams . I understand the premise , but it went overboard .
 Please , please , try to avoid this movie . I spent miserably 3 dollars and 1.5 hours of my life . I hate child molesters but this is just ridiculous , characters are just false , bad performance , you do n't believe anything in this movie.Avoid it , avoid it
 Hard Candy was an horrific movie and , when I say ` horrific ' , I do n't mean scary . I mean the poorest of poor quality . I mean bargain basement type stuff . And when I say bargain basement type stuff , I mean bargain basement at a 7-Eleven discount store . Hard Candy had no plot and no direction and was a movie jam-packed full of gratuitous garbage . Yes garbage , there was no torture , there was just garbage . Stinky , smelly , diseased garbage.The movie 's psychopathic vacillations seemed symptomatic of a writer - just ` a person with a pen ' will do in this case - cobbling together a thoughtless string of events in order to make the central , and solitary , idea of the film stretch out to 103 minutes . I felt abused when I left the movie theatre . The thing is , Hard Candy had no redeeming features . No stimulating writing . No interesting - or plausible - dialogue . No creative cinematography . Nothing at all good . Just the torturer and the tortured polluting the screen . Relentlessly.And the ending to Hard Candy was an utter insult to the audience . The supposed explanation for the torturer 's actions seemed to be a last minute concoction to appease the frustrated audience ; a way for those responsible for the film to explain their hideous creation . What a joke . A part of me died the night I saw Hard Candy . A part of me that should not have been killed by a film , but by the death of a beloved pet . Perhaps a dog , a box turtle or hermit crab .
 so yeah , basically when I came into my friend 's house and saw that he was putting in a movie , I figured hey , they 're gon na watch a movie , how pleasant , but unfortunately it was this movie , while thankfully I was on his comp most of the time and was n't really listening to it , I would come into the movie for parts and just sit there and think to myself `` so what ? '' , I was basically just bored through the entire movie that I saw , bored enough to stop watching and get on my friend 's comp , ya ? It 's entriely annoying that even though most , if not all of Lionsgate films are like this and either bore the hell out of you or keep you utterly entertained throughout , but uhh , unfortunately I 'd rather watch Hostel than this movie frankly .
 all child molesters should be executed . Society in general would be better off without that scum around . Actually all very bad criminals such as molesters , rapists , and murderers should be executed . They are evil people who screw with other people 's lifes.This was not a good movie , nor do i recommend it .
 This movie started with so much promise , but the writers did know how to bring the movie `` home '' . The first seventy-five percent of the movie is intriguing , but the last twenty-five is ordinary and non-imaginary . It 's climax is a let down .
 Plot hole
 Would give Hard Candy zero stars if possible . Hard Candy is torture porn , despite what the filmmakers say in the special features of the DVD about wanting to spur audience discussion of this independent film . At one point in the DVD interviews , they mention the movie `` Saw '' for consideration . Not surprising . As one who can not condone administering the death penalty and torture -LRB- it is dehumanizing to both the giver and the receiver of it -RRB- , I can not find anything redeeming about Hard Candy whatsoever . Even if the Jeff character is guilty of his accused crimes , his fate is up to the law to decide and not some psychopathic teenage girl . I truly hated this movie for being a manipulative revenge fantasy . I hated the movie , thinking
 While we can all agree that pedophilia is horrific and the men who commit these acts should suffer or be behind bars for life ... I found this film to be a tad on the male bashing side of the fence . There is always an underlying theme of `` see how men are '' and `` they 're all like this and I 'm here to stop it . '' I think most of the positive reviews are based on it 's original concept , which is very good ... but very poorly played out on screen . It just could n't hold my interest after the first 20 minutes or so . The actual pedophile just becomes so helpless and so much of a complete simpleton after awhile , it gets to the point where you have to say oh come on man get real . While I 'm all for the idea of revenge , there are far too many parts where the tiny girl is man-handling the adult male like a pro wrestler and he is helpless against her attacks . -LSB- ... -RSB- I wo n't give away anything , but the ending is just so far fetched you ca n't help but walk away feeling a little stupider for having watched it .
 I 'm going to make this review as straight-forward as possible . It might be asking to much to hope that most people will judge it based on its content , and not on whether or not they agree with the ratings I 've chosen . It 's probably safe to assume that a large number of readers will already know what they think of these films , in which case I 'd suggest you read this review to get another 's opinion . If you have n't seen either of these films , however , I guarantee you that you 'll have a good idea of which of these movies you 'll be most likely to enjoy.This review will concern two movies -- THE WOODSMAN andHard Candy -- both of which focus exclusively on the very thorny , very divisive topic of child molestation/pedophilia . Before I get into the films themselves , I 'd like to make one thing crystal clear
 After reading the reviews on here I have to conclude that most of the people who loved this movie choose to give it a `` WOW '' rating because it seems `` so incredibly unconventional '' . There is nothing unconventional about a movie whos sole purpose is to be unconventional.From the get-go the attempt to get `` right into it '' is artsy fartsy with slow moving camera angles following a brief chat room excerp . Even the nicknames are so overly `` nettish '' that it 's obvious they tried so hard to be authentic that they failed to actually `` create '' . Ellen Page was horrible . Her acting was not as bad as some of the worst young person acting I 've seen , but the raging anger in her eyes matched with the constant and repetitive sarcasm was not only annoying , but by the end of the movie you ended up wishing Patrick Wilson just stabbed her in the throat so she died.Oh , but wait ? That 's the twist right ? We 're supposed to hate her then realize she 's on the right side ? No . There 's a difference between creating a villain , then presenting the villain as the saviour and this -LRB- for a great many reasons -RRB- :1 . The `` saviour '' in this soul-less movie is someone that ruthlessly tortures another individual .2 . The `` saviour '' in this movie is extremely unconvincing as a deep minded adult stuck in a child 's body . She is 14 , and stumbles in a highly uncomfortable way -LRB- for the audience -RRB- around trying to be a kid and trying to be an adult . She needs to take lessons from Haley Joel Osment .3 . You never look at her as the saviour . Even when you find out the truth , that she is right all along , you do n't feel compassion for her . Your question should be `` how did you know ? what if you were wrong ? '' . And this of course leads us to the ultimate problem with this movie and why it is an anti-social attrocity . It glorifies mindless retribution without any real moral empathy lent towards either the victim or the victimizer
 but it fell short . At the beginning of the movie I thought I was going to identify with Ellen Page 's character , because of course the guy was supposed to be the `` bad guy '' pedophile . Normally I am pretty disgusted with men -LRB- or women -RRB- who pursue and sleep with children or teenagers . But as the film went on I realized that there are is no good or bad guy in this movie.By the time it got to the part where he tells his childhood story of abuse , I actually found myself identifying with him more so than Hayley . His story was emotionally heartbreaking for me to hear , and I found myself angry and digusted with his aunt . I also identified less and less with Hayley , until I started to feel like she is not a victim at all , but a perpetrator herself . The castration of another human being is disgusting and wrong , and we are supposed to believe that a young teenage girl actually did this ? She must have had some severe trauma with men in her past . I do n't know if the filmmakers wanted the viewers to see this as some sort of revenge thing , but if that 's what they were going for then they really failed . The way I viewed the movie , it seems like everyone is a victim and a perpetrator all at the same time . Hayley was a victim in that she was pursued by Jeff who planned on taking advantage of her , but she is also a perpetrator because she abuses him . Jeff was a victim of child abuse and is now a perpetrator . It leaves you with a rather depressed feeling.I was disappointed with the ending . Because I did n't side with Hayley or even hate Jeff , there was no logical conclusion . It seemed like nothing was even resolved .
 I bought this movie fully expecting what was advertised ... a sharp , clever , intense psychological thriller . What I got was a poorly written dialogue between two characters with little to no thrill and predictable , minimal plot twists . Do not misunderstand my review , many of my favorite movies are dialogue driven character studies , and I consider myself somewhat knowlegable when it comes to `` Indie '' style films . It dissapoints me that this movie is listed as `` Better Together '' alongside Joseph Gordon Levitt 's brilliant starring role in `` Brick '' . If you want a true sharp , clever intense psychological thriller , do yourself a favor and order Brick . Avoid `` candy '' and save your money .
 It 's just like the hard candy you find at your Great Aunt 's house . Once you put in your mouth , you realize that it looked much better than it really is . You do n't spit it out because you hold on to the hope that there 's something good in the center . But all you 're left with in the end is a bad taste in your mouth.It is possibly the most boring `` thriller '' I have ever seen . It 's too preachy , overly moralistic , and just not very believable . I just watched it and I 'm already sick of thinking about it . All I can say is - by the end of the movie - I was wishing that I was on the end of that noose .
 Hard Candy appeared at just the right time a couple of years back . Cinema audiences in America have been in decline for a number of years , particularly amongst the web 2.0 generation , a decline attributed largely to the emergence of the ` teenage bitch fight ' phenomenon that has exploded onto the internet . It seems that the average twenty something American male has forsaken the cinematic experience and now prefers watching 5 minute clips of young high school girls bullying and beating each other half to death in front of a baying mob of adolescents . This pride of the American education system spur the combatants on with stirring battle cries such as ` F *** her up Ashley ' or ` go for the eyes , go for the eyes ' . These videos proliferate on youtube and in fact there are hundreds of websites devoted to the ` bitch fight ' with names such as ` Almost Killed ' that now attract millions of visitors.Whilst these videos can appear traumatic to over sensitive older people who still do n't like to see 13 year old girls being bullied and having their hair pulled out , their faces stomped on etc , the ` bitch fight ' community does have a sound ethical side . Viewers of the videos are often invited to leave comments , and whilst most are of the healthy variety
 If you fool yourself that the grindhouse `` masterpiece '' `` I Spit on Your Grave '' is a feminist consciousness raising film , then `` Hard Candy '' will also fill you with joy . While certainly far better made and acted than the former , it also professes to be an actually good film and a statement . While running into a hopeless perv , the Ellen Page character instead of turning him in , proceeds to torture him to death -LRB- heartwarming , right ? -RRB- . When she utters the phrase `` the Geneva convention does n't apply here '' we know we are in for a roller coaster ride of an exploitation movie that has aspirations that are beyond it . The far better made -LRB- and intellectually superior but unfortunately not on dvd yet -RRB- `` Art for Teachers of Children '' explores this same disturbing issue in a far more contemplative and realistic sense without in any way being on the side of the perpetrator .
 C'mon ... Are we really suppose to believe that a 14 year old can pull off the well thought out man castrating homicidal lunacy that transpires in the film . I think not and this ultimately among many other things is what causes this film to fail pretty much in the first 20 minutes . 14 year olds no matter how smart do not talk like 3rd year philosopy majors and most are physically unable to move around a drugged/passed out 180 pound grown man at will including but not limited to hanging him from the ceiling while he stands on a chair . Additionally by the middle of the movie you find yourself really wanting Jeff to get lose and cut Hayley 's throat or something because she is just so smug ... This was really a waste ...
 I honestly went into this movie with an open mind . i usually enjoy films that are n't exactly mainstream , so i was prepared for something a bit different . What i came away with , was a feeling that i had just wasted over 90mins of my life . `` Hard Candy '' is disturbing . and not in the ` makes you think ' kind of way . The main purpose of this film it seems , is to try and preach vigilante justice . Making the idea of it , almost romantic and appealing . The only reason i sat through the entire film , was in the hopes that a logical explaination of the motivation behind why this person does what they do during the course of this film , would appear . what i got out of it instead ... was a generalization ; an attitude of `` people like that need to be punished , and i 'm the one to do it . '' it was annoying that the film makers did such a good job of making this about a `` villian '' and a `` good guy '' ... when in fact , both the main characters were dark , frightening and twisted , and should n't have been glorified .
 I guess this movie is trying to make a statement or make you think . About what ??? That the makers of this movie should seriously reconsider their career path ? I was 14 once , and so were all my friends . I have teenage nieces . By physical appearance only , Hayley might pass for 14 at first glance , but once she opens her mouth , forget it ! 14-year-old girls do n't look like this . They do n't dress like this . They do n't talk like this , and they do n't act like this . She 's , at times , both too pre-pubescent and too artificially conceived to actually be as clever as we 're supposed to think she is . 14-year-old girls do n't come up with the perfect crime , and they certainly ca n't pull off stunts like these . Hayley does n't even have the muscle mass to pull off the plan . I 'm 110 lbs . My husband 's 185 lbs . If he were a completely , unconscious dead weight , I could n't get him into the positions Hayley achieves with Geoff in this movie , and he 's got ta be twice her size or more . If the director or the writer is trying to portray Hayley as a vigilante worth rooting for , they completely failed . She seemed like a sick , twisted , vile individual in serious need of psychotherapy , who purposely lured a pedophile , so she could `` justifiably '' torture a man . Hey , what happened here ? Sick , twisted , vile individual in serious need of psychotherapy -- was n't I supposed to be saying that about Geoff ? While it 's clear that Geoff has an unnatural interest in young girls , it 's not clear until the end whether or not he 's ever crossed the line before meeting Hayley . By then , it does n't really matter , because you 've already spent most of the movie wanting him to break free and choke her out for being a tiresome sadist . Had Geoff been a true predator , Hayley would n't have had a prayer 's chance from the moment that she stepped foot in his car . Hayley 's like listening to someone run their fingernails down a chalk board for 103 minutes . 103 minutes of that , and you 'd wan na beat her down , too ! Come on ! Geoff is either intelligent & charming , or a driveling idiot depending on what the misbegotten script calls for . We 're expected to believe that he can neither outwit this child , nor can he overcome her with brute force , AND that he will succumb to her demented , little plan . I ca n't suspend my disbelief that far . 2 stars , because I did n't exactly hate it outright -- the premise was , at least , interesting . Rent this only if , like a cat , your curiosity must be satisfied , but be prepared to be disappointed & disgusted with the unrealism , much like your cat when he discovers that the vibrations in the bag are battery-operated . `` The Salton Sea '' is a much more satisfying -LRB- and more believable -RRB- tale of vigilante justice , and flat out more entertaining than `` Hard Candy . '' And to the women out there , who thought that this was a fine example of female power doling out a good dose of `` morality '' to bad men everywhere -- all I can say to that is , `` Men beware ! ''
 This movie was filled with garbage I could not swallow . I 'm sure I 've met overly-mature children before , but to suggest the diabolical , calculated revenge tactics that actress Ellen Page displays , even for the sake of fiction , is beyond my belief.Would you believe I actually found myself rooting for the victim of the 32 year-old photographer ??? Why ? Because although his character was totally inapropriate , the story did nothing to convince me that he was the monster this little tries to get him to be . By the time she was castrating him , I swear , I wanted him to kill her.If you 're going to show a 14 year-old girl taking revenge against a monster , convince me that he 's a monster , and do n't wait until two minutes before he hangs himself on the roof of his building to do it !
 This film was totally unbelievable on more than a few counts . The man did n't actually DO anything to this `` little girl '' , and the `` torture '' she puts him through is akin to a felony!Now , do n't get me wrong , I am a Mother of four , a Grandmother of two , and a Great-Grandmother of another four , and I believe very strongly in the protection of children against Child Molesters , but c'mon , this poor guy just did not deserve what he got . To be pushed to what amounts to suicide ? What about the `` little girl '' ? How on Earth did she become such a master manipulator ? What was her home life like ? She learned this stuff somewhere.All of us moviegoers are essentially `` Voyeurs '' , and what I witnessed was a crime ! This was NOT a case of child molestation . This was a case of Torture , resulting in death -LRB- read : MURDER , in the first degree -RRB- ! I realize that there was a message to this film , and I 'm in NO WAY defending child molesters , but this film sends the wrong message . If the makers of this film wanted another `` Death Wish '' , why was n't it labeled as such ? The man was only guilty in the little girls ' mind -LRB- whether or not he was , is never proved -RRB- . American Society has become paranoid . The result of this paranoia is a hypersensitivity to situations that have n't happened yet -LRB- I call it the `` what-if '' syndrome -RRB- . This film is a prime example of the syndrome . The man may have been guilty in thought , but not deed . Do we now become the `` Thought Police '' ?! The DVD had the usual extra features , and the playback is very good .
 This movie is a lot of things but `` riveting and terrifying '' it is not . Within 5 minutes I had this movie figured out and had a pretty good idea how it was going to go down . Nearly the entirety of the film is devoted to a verbal face off between the main characters , so if sitting on your couch watching a series of talking head shots for over an hour sounds like fun , by all means get this . The mock internet chat and subsequent dialogue is not at all intriguing . It 's not even realistic or clever . However , what killed it for me was that if you are going to drive a film with only two characters , they need to be good characters . I found nothing interesting or likable in either of them . Rather than riveting and terrifying , every moment felt awkward and contrived . Ellen might as well be an Elien -LRB- see what I did -RRB- as far as her portrayal of a 14 yr old girl is concerned . She lacks emotion , charm , and the things she says are unrealistic . I also could never get over her very short hair ... The antagon . . protagonist ? Hell , I do n't even know who 's supposed to be what . He 's equally lacking in charm and personality . I guess he 's supposed to come off as creepy , but other than his weird attraction I never had reason to feel alarmed or concerned for the girl . Suspense my a ## . The only remarkable qualities are that it is weird and stupid and must be returned .
 I tried ages ago to post a lengthy and mostly critical review of this but for whatever reason it never made it up -LRB- hmmmmm -RRB- . So this review is going to be far less detailed because I just do n't want to type up all those thoughts over again.Hard Candy is a really frustrating film because it could have been a great one . The premise is a grabber and the actors are very talented and game , but the problem is that the script just collapses as the movie goes on . The fatal flaw is that the writers suddenly decide about halfway through that Hayley is going to be a genius mastermind figure , instead of the precocious , ambitious , more or less realistic girl she starts out as.Mastermind figures in suspense movies are useful to writers because they always are one step ahead of everybody else . So they can set up diabolical schemes and traps simply to torment their victims and generate lots of suspense for the audience . Since they know what people will do ahead of time , they know how to stage these traps to maximize drama , to make their victims think they have the upper hand , but they are always in control and pull the rug out from under at the last minute . Why do they do all this ? Well , because they are supergenius masterminds and they like to mess with people , to put them through the ringer . Now , an omniscient supergenius in a movie like in Saw , for example , is fine given the limited ambitions of Saw -LRB- and do n't get me wrong , I enjoyed Saw -RRB- . But here , in a movie that should have had ambitions to be more than a generic thrill machine , it is just the wrong thing to do and particularly when you are talking about a 14 year old protagonist . And so , the last half of the movie is filled with completely implausible and virtually impossible plot developments all meant just to milk a few more manipulative thrills from the basic set up . Think hard about virtually any of the situations in the second half and ask yourself * why * Jeff or Hayley do certain things and how or why Hayley would bother to orchestrate these narrative events to occur if she knew from the start all the things she is revealed to know at the end . Once you start to question , you realize how completely overengineered the plot twists are.The bottom line is that the writing is fundamentally lazy and the narrative events stunningly arbitrary , which is a serious disappointment given the potential this idea had .
 This movie started off well enough.A 14 year old meets a 32 year old man from the Internet and they arrange for her to go to his house . But when they get there , her sinister motives are revealed.This storyline had potential at the start , however as the movie progressed I found it to be quite trite . -LRB- Spoiler information may be revealed below -RRB- . Hayley apparently acts on a belief , which seems a little bit ridiculous . She did not start out with any real proof to begin with and had to rip through the house to get it . What would have happened if Jeff had turned out to be a good guy ? What would she have done?The movie got boring for me after about 30 minutes because Hayley and Jeff prattled on the same topics endlessly . I understand that he 's a pervert and she 's a sicko , and both of them believe they are in the right . Get to the point , already . We really do n't need hundreds of statements about how clever she is and how stupid he is.Hayley claimed to have done something quite disgusting to Jeff , and later on , he found out that she 'd faked it . What was the point of all that , then?Jeff managed to escape from Hayley at least three or four times , yet every single time he escaped , then he walked back into her trap . How many times did he get knocked out again?Hayley 's plan was ridiculous . After all the fighting where Jeff was tied up and they beat each other up ... She would never be able to get rid of the evidence after that.An autospy would have identified that there were previously drugs in Jeff 's body . Hayley 's fingerprints would be all over him . There would be rope burns on various marks of the body , showing that he had been tied up for some time . Not to mention hair , blood and all the other gunk Hayley left lying around . I mean , she was showering there . Come on.Let 's not forget that the neighbour had seen Hayley who told her she 'd be there for a couple of days . She 'd tell the police about that and provide an accurate profile.Plus the people at the shopping center who saw them together.At the end Hayley was on the roof and Joelle was in the house . As far as I can see Hayley had no time to remove the evidence because Jeff was chasing her all over the house . How did she expect to clear up with Joelle right there . Come to think of it , how was she going to get off the roof without anyone seeing her.E-mails and calls can easily be traced , showing that the ` police calls ' were fake.So , Hayley would never have gotten away . In fact , Jeff did n't even have to kill himself . If he 'd finished her off , he could easily remove his side of the evidence and show the police the marks on her body and such . For an `` honor student , '' she was really stupid.Both characters seemed to be overwhelemingly stupid in the sense that neither one of them knew what they were doing.A much better ending would be if Jeff had revealed to Hayley that he was n't alone and have the other guy turn up and finish her off as part of the set up . And it would have been better if he reveals he knew who she was all along.I got so bored with the long , long conversations that had no point to them , I skipped over a few scenes.A disappointment all around .
 I do love Ellen Page but for this film you would have to suspend disbelief to a state that just is n't available to me since I got into therapy.You have to be able to buy that a 14 year old girl is able to first solve the disappearance and murder of another young girl that the police have been unable to solve.Then that she has the technical abilities to trace the offender , engage him in a ruse that he will buy into and get her into his house whereupon she is able to GHB him , tie him up , foil every escape attempt he makes , crack any and all secret codes he has -LRB- so easily it would make an NSA operative envious , -RRB- so that she can gather more rock solid incriminating evidence against him then the Green River Killer Task Force , and have a full dossier on his ex-girlfriend all while maintaining a sarcastically witty repartee through the festivities that would make Hannibal Lecter proud.The Mission Impossible team wishes they were able to have a job go this perfectly.This movie played well into the media and politician induced panic that the Internet had somehow caused the child molester population to explode to near epidemic proportions but it bares no resemblance to the dark reality of how children are victimized . If you want a `` feel good fantasy revenge film '' this can probably fit the bill.Ellen Page is a talented and beautiful woman and will definitely make many great movies in her career , enabling her to look back on this as `` just one of those things . ''
 I can see how feminists would be all over this . 14 year old nymph gets back at an older masochist . Or is it the other way around ? I really wanted to like this film , but it was too slow and too drawn out . At some point you just feel like sceaming
 Took a gamble and bought it used . It skipped , you get what a pay for .
 While the performances of the two leads are very good , I can find no excuse for this movie having been made . It is without a doubt the creepiest film I 've ever seen . I do n't really care what the guilt of Patrick Wilson 's character is ... this kind of torture of a grown man by a teen age girl should not have been allowed whether Ellen Page 's character is mentally ill or not ... it shows the justice system being turned on its head . No matter how deserving of death Wilson 's character may have been , it is not helpful to a society to show this particular kind of justice being meted out . This is the first time I 've ever been so severe in judging a movie and I hope I do n't feel I have to do it again .
 story line of going back in time/being younger has been done over and over . Not much originality here , awkward situations with family and facing up to the bully are along the lines of `` Back to the Future '' .
 It was a marvelous movie , but the thing is thats all the DVD has . The movie , thats it . No bonus features what so ever . Not even bloopers . I expected much more from this . I guess the only exciting thing is that I can watch it in Spanish .
 I was forced to watch this dreck because my girlfriend thinks Mathew Perry is cute , and that it sounded like a `` cute '' movie . Ugh !!! As my review title states , this movie is as vapid as they come , and painfully unoriginal . The acting is n't terrible , but there is nothing real about this movie , it never touches an emotional nerve say the way the movie Big did . It merely seems to exists as I vehicle for this Zac Efron kid and his teenage female fans . The script is shallow and cliched as well.As far as characters , you get the usual suspects , the older guy with regrets , the jaded wife filing for divorce , the teenagers with their typical teenage problems and drama , the geeky best friend etc , all cookie cutter characters . Not only do you not care about a single character in this movie , but you have to deal with the extremely annoying , geeky rich friend , whose sole reason for being is to provide comic relief while chasing around a school principal . Sadly he 's not funny , just annoying . This movie lays all its cards out on the table right at the beginning , and at no point in the movie are you unsure how it 's going to turn out . Everything gets resolved and gets wrapped up in a nice tidy bow , just as expected.If I could compare this movie to anything , it would be like eating angel food cake , it 's bland , tasteless , and completely forgotten about the minute you 're through eating it . I guess teenage girls will love this movie , as the only thing they 'll care about is the eye candy . I honestly ca n't see anyone else enjoying this movie , but all the five star reviews prove otherwise , or actually proves what low standards so many people have when it comes to cinema .
 The movie 17 Again i received in a timely manner which I was very pleased about , but it was a christmas gift for my daughter so we didi n't watch the movie until Christmas Day . The seller said it was in good condition but as we were playing the movie it seems to have a place in between commericals that it just stops and I have to hit fast foward for it to go on . I guess I should of watched it before I wrapped it or I would of returned it . Thanks
 MOVIE ONLY PLAYS FOR ABOUT 30 SECONDS AND THEN STOPS AND NEVER PLAYS AGAIN , AND CANT EVEN GET MY MONEY BACK NOW ...
 This movie was a dud . There have been so many previous movies made with the same story line , this is nothing new or orginal . This should have been a TV movie . It has a feel that the target audience was supposed to be junior high school age kids . Matthew Perry really is n't in the movie very much.The story is very predictable . The characters are uninteresting . Perry 's cousin in the movie is just plain stupid . The character adds nothing to the story.I rented this one , but it was n't even worth the nominal rental fee . No wonder it bombed in the theater .
 ** 1/2In `` 17 Again '' - a sort of cross between `` Big '' and `` Back to the Future '' - Mike O'Donnell is a soon-to-be-divorced father of two whose early dreams of one day becoming a star basketball player were shattered in high school when his girlfriend informed him she was pregnant with his child . Now , in his 30s , Mike gets the unprecedented chance to start over when he finds himself inexplicably back in his 17-year-old body after plunging into a river . He immediately re-enrolls in high school , the same one his children now attend , in an attempt to both reignite his truncated basketball career and keep an eye on his kids and help them overcome their various teen-related issues and problems . And after years spent bemoaning the life of athletic glory he never got to experience , Mike learns that there 's really nothing more important in life than being a good husband and father to one 's family.Despite game performances from the two Mikes -LRB- Matthew Perry and Zac Efron -RRB- , `` 17 Again '' suffers from an ill-conceived premise , labored slapstick routines , and an overabundance of sappy life lessons to go along with all the standard teen-movie hijinks . There may also be a few too many incest and underage-sex jokes for some people 's comfort . Since the concept was handled far more skillfully in those two previously referenced films -LRB- not to mention `` Freaky Friday , '' `` 18 Again , '' and a whole host of similar-themed works -RRB- , my advice would be to rent one of those and skip `` 17 Again '' altogether .
 Should 've casted Jason Bateman as the older Mike O'Donnel . Perry and Efron looking NOTHING alike ruins it for me.And Vanilla Ice did n't break through until 1990 . The unfunny comedian playing the coach dropped a reference during a time taking place in 89 . And the movie is chalk full of continuity errors . But even still , none of those factors seem to bother me as much as the feeling of Efron stepping off the set just as Perry is stepping on .
 The movie is fine ... the other 's that we tried to cancel have been charged to my credit card . This was a big mess and I do n't think I will ever be able to clear it up . Never again ... Syl
 I watched this movie on a plane . THIS IS NOT A MOVIE FOR CHILDRENOR TEENAGERS . If you have a home where you are trying to educate yourchildren to be decent adults DO NOT LET THEM WATCH THIS MOVIE . -LRB- ADULTS , THOUGH , WILL FIND THIS MOVIE ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS -RRB-
 The movie was scratched up and does not work ; I was only offered a refund , when I would have preferred a replacement item
 When has n't this been done ? Anyone ever hear of `` Freaky Friday '' and `` It 's a Wonderful Life ? '' Both much , much better movies with the same message , `` Appreciate everyday , do n't be a grouch '' , or something like that . I can usually find the redemptive side of any film but this one simply does n't have a clue . Oh , yeah , include a bit of `` Clueless '' in this begged , borrowed and stolen waste of a movie . There are so many writers out there with original ideas who could craft at least a decent if not good film but this is not one of them . A pastiche of frames pasted together adding up to nothing . The only thing I learned from this film is not to watch it . Ever . Again .
 I absolutely love this movie , but I am EXTREMELY disappointed with the DVD . The DVD does not include ANY bonus features on it - to get the bonus features , you have to buy the Blu-Ray version . Unfortunately , for those of us that do n't have Blu-Ray players , that does n't do us any good . Warner Home Video should be ashamed of themselves for selling a DVD of this type of movie without the bonus features . Maybe they get a kick-back from the Blu-Ray player manufacturers !
 Do NOT purchase this !!! It is VERY cutesy , but sends horrible messages to toddlers about appropriate behaviors ! Max is a toddler 2-3 years old , who only says one to two word phrases , he disobeys his 7 year old sister repeatedly , partakes in mischievous behavior and sends the message to the audience that this behavior is appropriate . My 2 year old watched one episode and immediately starting acting defiant and mischievous ! This show is mind numbingly repetitive , too ! Every single episode consists of Max being mischievous and Ruby REPEATEDLY trying to get him to do the right thing . OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN !!!! I regret downloading it ! It is in NO WAY worth the $ $ ! I gave this 1 star , but honestly , it does n't even deserve that !
 Could have been so much better . OK story line , but poor audio and shallow character development leave you bored quickly . Recommend skipping , is n't worth your time or money .
 Judge Patrick Bromley , DVD Verdict -- So , first the positive
 this movie is kind a UFO ... never seen in France -LRB- or very briefly -RRB- , though Chevalier was French ... the quality of the dvd is poor , but it 's watchable . in fact , the movie suffers from a very bad cutting , directing ... . suffers from everything
 It 's an O.K. action story about gangs in L.A. and a priest who tries to help . There are some familiar character actors who make the movie worth seeing when you have nothing better to do . This movie was produced for distribution in theaters overseas but only for the rental market in the U.S. . In 1995 , I appeared as an extra in this movie , but I 've never seen the final production because the price is a joke , and I 've never been able to find it in any video store ...
 It 's a complete shame that they choose to release Erik the Viking here in the U.S. in this butchered down version of the movie -LRB- 25 % of it has ben removed in this `` Director 's Cut '' -RRB- . This would n't be so bad if they also included the Theatrical version as they are doing with the UK release . As it is there is no way I 'm paying any money for this hacked up piece of a once great film .
 It 's worth noting that this is a * drastically edited * version of the original . The original was ~ 100 minutes , this one is ~ 75 - 25 % of the movie has been removed and the remaining sections reordered/edited . So think carefully if you are going to purchase this expecting it to be the movie you remember .
 This `` Director 's Son 's '' cut has been edited down significantly . Why ? I have no idea .
 This new release is NOT the movie my wife and I love . It is 25 minutes too short , and God knows what 's been done to it . It was fine as it was . Those who purchase this abomination will be subjected to Bill Jones ' `` vision '' of this movie . Forget it . We have the original on videotape , and will just have to be satisfied with that . Better that than encourage this sort of vandalism .
 the 100 minute original US release deserves 5 stars , this one gets 0 -LRB- but amazon made me give at least one star -RRB- . here 's why
 Do not bother buying this movie it has scenes out of order , errors in the audio and 25 % of the movie is gone leaving you wondering what the hell is going on .
 I love this movie so i bought it for my daughter to watch on dvd , so she could retire her video , but instead i wasted my money on this movie because it is chopped up and no worth watching.The best thing is to keep watching the video if you own a copy or if not just buy the video.Really to rate this dvd is a zero not a one.I think MGM needs to start leaving the movies the they was made unstead of chopping it to pieces and they would not get bad remarks from people who love movies like this
 ... but they damn well ought to have prevented Terry Jones from hacking a fine film to pieces and repackaging it as a `` director 's cut '' . The original 104-minute ` Erik ' featured an impressive cast of solid actors and a surprisingly weighty story with plenty of laughs to keep things moving . Together with his son Bill , Jones has shortened scenes , limited our access to those fine performances , altered the running order of the film , botched the soundtrack -LRB- in several sections entire conversations have been removed , leaving characters ' mouths moving with no sound at all coming from them -RRB- , removed some of the better jokes , and on the whole pared down the film to 79 minutes.You read me right - fully 25 % of the film was chucked to the cutting-room floor for no good reason whatsoever.The real catastrophe of this cut - aside of the shameless rape of one of my favorite childhood movies - is that there was no raw footage from which to assemble a new version . The Joneses had only a print of the original theatrical release to work with , thus they were only able to take parts out and shuffle them around rather than adding anything new . The result is that the entire first act is a chaotic muddle , the second act in Hy-Brasil feels overlong , and the Asgard sequence is a horribly rushed anticlimax with none of the impact of the original scene.I 'm completely mystified as to why this cut was made in the first place -LRB- let alone a cut by such an incredibly untalented editor as Jones -RRB- , but I could accept it if they 'd packaged the original version of the film with it . Inexplicably , they did n't - and it 's not like they were hurting for space on this DVD . Do n't buy it , do n't buy it , do n't buy it .
 I watched the movie and felt like I was missing pieces , that scenes were shorter , even that entire scenes were missing , but it had been so long since I watched it I just thought I remembered the movie being better than it actually was . Then I watched the director 's commentary . He took at least 15 minutes away from the movie . Most director 's add to their movie when given a chance , not take away from it . The Director 's Son created a disjointed , fragmentary movie very unlike the original in mood and plot.After waiting years for the DVD release of Erik the Viking , I was extremely disappointed and a little angry at the way they treated one of my favorite movies . I hope to see the Theatrical Release available some time in the near future , as I do n't think I 'll be watching this Director 's Son 's Cut again , and I certainly wo n't be sharing this version of the movie with friends and family as I had originally planned .
 The director 's Son is an idiot for messing up one of my all-time favourite movies . The re-arrangement of scenes means the story no longer flows . Changing the visit with Freya gives the impression that it was her words that had the biggest influence on Erik not the death of the failed rape victim . Some of the best scenes -LRB- Vikings about to kill each other with swords rather than drown for one -RRB- are cut completely and there is even a key scene when they are about to go over the edge of the world and the key characters lips are moving but the sound is cut . Dreadful shame ! I was very disappointed .
 This DVD is advertised under `` Product Details '' as having a `` Run Time '' of `` 107 minutes . `` When the DVD arrived I checked the back and the run time was 79 minutes.On top of that , all I get when I try to return it unopened to Amazon is `` Error On Page '' and it wo n't let me get beyond `` giving a reason '' for the return which I ca n't give.If you have the VHS , just burn a copy to DVD using the software now available . At least you 'll then have a durable copy that is the complete movie .
 First off , it 's actually the director 's son 's cut . It is not as good as the original at all . They took out 23 minutes of footage , added bad sound effects , and the video quality was lacking . They sharpened some of the picture but didnt give it a very good transfer to dvd , so can easily see a lot of bluescreen effects . Dont waste your money on this , try to get the original instead .
 If there is a fifth grade film editing class anywhere on this planet , this would be the result of that group 's class project . The film is chopped up , then put back together with scenes out of order and pieces missing.I would love to find a DVD edition of the original theatrical version . Currently though , that only seems to be available on the older VHS releases .
 The film goes into my mind , which removes its impurities , and then it evaporates into thin air . `` Erik the Viking '' is a movie like that , an utterly worthless exercise in waste and wretched excess , uninformed by the slightest spark of humor , wit or coherence.Movies like this show every sign of having gotten completely out of hand at an early stage of the production . Perhaps everybody was laughing so hard at the jokes they thought they were telling that they forgot to tell any . The movie looks obscenely expensive , but the money is spent on pointless scenes without purpose or payoff , as for example an interminable storm sequence in which the actors hold onto masts and say inane things to one another while water is splashed in their faces.The basic comic technique in `` Erik the Viking '' is the use of the deliberate anacronism . There is a scene , for example , in which Vikings attack and pillage a village , and Erik the Viking -LRB- Tim Robbins -RRB- finds himself required to assault one of the townswomen . But his tastes do not run toward rape , and so they engage in a discussion on the economic realities of pillaging , and then he asks her to shout `` Rape ! '' as a courtesy so the other Vikings will think he has done his part.If you can master the comic logic of that scene , you have exhausted 90 percent of the comic invention in this movie , which is based on Vikings speaking as if they were 20th century satirists of themselves . The other 10 percent of the movie consists of guest appearances by such stars as Eartha Kitt and Mickey Rooney , who demonstrate convincingly that Michael Todd exhausted the possibilities of cameo appearances when he made `` Around the World in 80 Days '' many , many years ago . -LRB- That was the movie where the piano player turned around to grin at the camera , and you shouted , `` Look ! It 's Frank Sinatra ! '' More than 30 years later , a little Viking grins at the camera , and we are expected to shout , `` Look ! It 's Mickey Rooney ! '' -RRB- `` Erik the Viking '' was written and directed by Terry Jones , whose previous film , `` Personal Services , '' was a splendid and intelligent slice-of-life about a notorious London madam who ran a genteel brothel for elderly gents . The two films could not be less similar . I assume `` Erik the Viking '' represents some kind of comprehensive lack of judgment on Jones 's part , and that he will be back among the competent in no time at all .
 It is a little disappointing revisiting this movie after so many years . . This is a pretty lavish set , if you are a fan of the movie . . not just the original cut , but a redone , tighter , leaner cut , edited by Terry Jones son.Terry goes to great lengths in the commentary and accompanying interview to explain that this is not a Monty Python movie , but a fairy tale - taken from his children 's book . However , in reality , it spans the gap between python and fairytale , in a similar way to Jabberwocky , or Time Bandits.As Python comedy , it is never crazy or cutting edge enough to please the fans . At least John Cleese is here , -LRB- a last minute replacement for Jack Lemmon , apparently . -RRB- in fine fettle in a delicious cameo . There are definite sparks , and laugh out moments - I enjoyed the loading of the boat scene -LRB- ` That 's no good , now you have all the men with moustaches on one side , and the ones with beards on the other ! ' -RRB- , but even in a leaner cut it is never quite the mirth fest it so wants to be.As a fairytale , it does not quite have the memorable message or nemesis to make it all work , although the moments in the middle are pure fairytale - the Utopian land of Hy-Brazil is a perfect cross of Python and fairy tale , making it more memorable than even the ending of the film.The curiosity factor of the film is upped by a string of interesting cameos - not just Cleese , but Eartha Kitt , Mickey Rooney and Freddie Jones all have memorable parts.So it is a mixed bag - it is funny , but only in places . It is memorable , but only in places . . It 's just hard not to wonder how much better and edgier it might have been if Graham Chapman had not died , and the Python team had stayed on board to complete it together .
 I am converting my VHS collection to DVD , and failed to notice when ordering `` Erik the Viking '' on DVD that it was a Director 's Cut , which should have been my first clue . As others have commented , the DVD severely truncates key scenes and dialogue -LRB- and therefore context -RRB- within this movie . Probably the only `` original '' critique -LRB- compared to others on Amazon -RRB- I can offer regarding this movie is what I hope becomes a maxim for editors and remixers -- is that if a film is known to be a `` cult movie '' as is ` Erik ' , you had better leave everything intact , or we 'll all be after your heads.My inattentiveness aside , what I am really angry about -- as are many fellow Amazon critics regarding this movie -- is the deception of product advertising . Once I realized -LRB- while watching the DVD Director 's Cut -RRB- I had been cheated of dialogue , continuity and time , the Amazon product description lies about the length of the movie . -LRB- Description says 107 minutes ; back of DVD carton says 97 ... I checked Amazon 's multiple ` Erik the Viking ' listings and they 're all the same . -RRB- This is not any Seller 's fault , but rather that of Amazon itself for deceptive selling practices . I have bought hundreds , if not thousand of Amazon products for the last 20 years ; this is the first time I have been actively and overtly swindled into thinking I was buying one product but was actually buying another.The last thing I would add is that if this is truly a Father/Son editing job , then Terry Jones , former Pythonian , either did a lousy job of raising his son , or his son was a lying SOB . We sometimes forget that second generations have the power of destroying the legacy of the first . Nords would give this version four thumbs down .
 The Editor 's -LRB- son 's -RRB- cut removed some wonderful scenes from the original movie . Had we known of the cuts - over 10 minutes worth , we would not have bought the movie . Hopefully the original will be issued in DVD or BluRay format .
 I have to wonder if those that love this flick `` as is '' -LRB- director 's sons ' cut -RRB- have ever watched the original theatrical release ???? I love Tim Robbins and the Monty Python group , and this flick was great in it 's original 101 minute movie release . In this Director 's Sons ' Cut , it 's now 79 minutes and most of the best one liners and running gags are gone . If you 've never seen the original then you probably would n't mind all the cutting because it 's still funny but if you 've seen the full length version recently , you would know why so many are complaining . I think Terry Jones is genius but letting his son cut it for a U.S. audience was a mistake . What a hack job !
 Ive been waiting for many years for this movie to be re-released ! And although Im happy to own it , I got SO mad while watching it ! I used to have most the lines memorized , so although I can not quote the full extent of the missing footage , it BOGGLES and enrages me as to why they removed some lines . Not only that , but the moron editor even muted a scene ! I dont know what issues he had with the main female character , but they must have been severe . I wish I had the director 's son address so I could send him some hate mail or perhaps even some roadkill in a box.If you release a movie , and this is what the fans have come to know and love , you DONT MESS WITH IT .
 I bought this not noticing this was the `` director 's son 's edit '' . I hope the director 's son never edits another movie again ! The edit was something a high-school child could have done on his i-mac . Scenes that were once complete now end abruptly and jump around , mouths move with no dialouge , horrible growls were added to fight scenes ... the list goes on . I plan to sell this back and wait for the original cut to be released in the US .
 Do yourself a favor and do not buy this DVD ! This movie has been recut horribly ! the edits make the movie move faster in a clumsy sloppy way . There was no need to re-edit the original , which was a fantastic movie ! One of my personal favorites.I hope there will be enough bad reviews of this DVD to prompt a re-release of ETV in it 's original format . Truely a bad idea on the part of Terry Jones .
 DO NOT buy this if you are a fan of the original US version released in 1990 . The cutting of lines/scenes really retracts from the movie and overall rushes the movie past key character development and plot emphasis . The original was funny , thoughtful and you really got the sense of the camaraderie between the characters and an understanding of why what they were doing was so important/dangerous/exciting . A damn shame really . Maybe in a couple of years they will release the 2-disk collection containing both the DVD version of the original and of this hacked-up tragedy as they did in the UK .
 I agree 100 % with another reviewer 's comments ... If you love this film , do not buy this DVD . This version is terrible . I watched it one time and wanted to take the disc outside , lay it on my driveway , and run over it with my car - repeatedly . Go back to editing school , Bill Jones . Truly insulting to anyone who is a fan of this movie . I 'd give it negative stars if I could .
 How can I possibly express my disappointment at this unwarranted mangling of a perfectly charming little movie?A big fan of the original cut of _ Erik the Viking _ , and having nearly worn out my old VHS copy , I was eagerly anticipating the DVD release . I was a little surprised when the negative reviews here indicated that the movie had been severely edited -LRB- - 25 minutes ! -RRB- for the DVD release , and decided to rent it before buying . This was fortunate , because I not only saved myself a few dollars , but the disappointment of having rewarded those responsible for this inexplicable re-cut . I could have , perhaps , coped with the fact that some of my favorite little moments have been edited out -LRB- e.g. `` Slow down , you fool , no one can row that fast ! '' -RRB- , but the edits are executed so abruptly , so haphazardly , that I have to wonder if the director 's son either suffers from ADHD or was paid for every second he could excise from the movie . Take , for instance , the scene in which Erik and his followers are walking through the outer hall of Valhalla in search of the gods , the heroic music is swelling in the background , and WHAM ! we get an immediate cut to the next shot . `` Jarring '' would be an understatement.Directors -LRB- and presumably sons -RRB- certainly reserve the right to go back and finesse their own works , however the director 's son has committed the same error in judgement as George Lucas did in finessing the hell out of a charming , if imperfect , film that the fans nevertheless adore . Due to the enormous outcry from Lucas ' legions of fans , he finally conceded to releasing the unedited original theatrical cuts of the _ Star Wars _ movies on DVD . However , I fear that , since _ Erik the Viking _ does not enjoy the phenomenal level of support of the Star Wars franchise , we will never see an original DVD release of our beloved little movie . What a shame .
 A great adventure in the Monty Python style . Always difficult to find on DVD , it was a pleasant surprise to see it re-released . Unfortunately , this version is designed for television , and a full twenty-five minutes shorter than my original VHS version . In spots , the editing done to shorten the film is amateurish , and the tacked on generic water sounds used to fatten up the original audio for surround sound is more a distraction than an augmentation to the movie . I will be keeping my VHS tape while awaiting a true DVD release .
 Do yourself a favor and take the money you were going to spend on this movie , give it to a random stranger and have them kick you in the `` boys '' . There you have just experienced what it feels like watching the Director 's cut of this movie . Im no video snob by any means but it 's like a child did the editing . Just HORRIBLE ! Nothing like the original . Feels like you are watching the movie in fast forwad .
 This is a well done film that few have seen . Another must for Monty Python fans . Also a great fantasy based on Norse Mythology . So , what 's the problem ? You ca n't get a copy of this anywhere to play on American DVD players . The compnay holding the rights seems to think this is unworthy of production . What a shame that you ca n't get a widescreen version of this in the states ... and apparently there is a `` Director 's Son 's Cut '' of this film .
 What do you call a comedy that has no laughs ? `` Erik the Viking '' is the cinematic equivalant of a dead pigeon carcass . They cut 25 minutes from the film 's original 104 minute running time to 79 minutes . Reviewers who have seen the original version call this one a butchery . As far as I 'm concerned they can expurgate the other 79 minutes . Warts and toe jam have a greater purpose than this flick . Life is precious and I had to waste part of mine on this dross . Shockingly , this film was directed by a Python , Terry Jones . Maybe he should have enlisted Terry Gilliam , a man who knows how to protect his artistic vision i.e. `` Brazil '' . I 'll give those who 've seen the uncut version the benefit of the doubt that it was a better picture but I 'm not going to hold my breath waiting to see it .
 I just watched this movie and feel like I have to warn lovers of the original . I echo what other said here . The Director 's Son 's Cut is a chopped up version of the film . As others said , let 's hope and wait that we get theatrical version in the U.S.
 100min . to 77mins . with some of the funniest stuff on the cutting room floor . Dialog drops out in a couple of scenes.I just hope they release the Original to DVD.DON ' T BUY THIS VERSION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Director Terry Jones allowed his son to do the editing for the DVD 's version , and -- as you see by all the 1-star reviews -- the job he did was horrific . It was butchery . Key scenes and lines just tossed out . This should have been reviewed by someone at the studios . Someone who could have uttered MY scream of outrage for me , before it would have been too late.Get the old VHS . Skip the DVD . Really .
 The original is one of my all time favorite movies and I have it on VHS . This completely butchered version should not have ever seen the light of day . Why could n't they at least included an original DVD version ? Such a waste .
 After a run of box-office successes culminating in A Fish Called Wanda , the Monty Python alumni hit the rocks in a big way in the late 80s , first with Terry Gilliam 's hugely expensive box-office disaster The Adventures of Baron Munchausen and Terry Jones ' rather less expensive but even less successful comedy Erik the Viking . Munchausen became a cult success that 's still spoken of admiringly today . Erik does n't get talked about much ... It 's a shame , because the script is pretty good - good enough to survive some dodgy casting -LRB- Mickey Rooney in a role that cries out for Ernest Borgnine -RRB- and appalling direction -LRB- Terry Jones must have been bitten by a long shot when he was a child , because he wo n't have more than a handful of 'em in the picture , and he constantly puts the visual set-up after delivering the punch line -RRB- . With Ragnorak - the end of the world - approaching , nice young Viking Erik -LRB- Tim Robbins -RRB- , who is n't into all that raping and pillaging lark , must find the Horn Resounding and journey to Asgard to wake the gods to save the day and bring light back to the world . Only to get there he has to brave a dragon so huge you can only see parts of it because it fills the sky , visit the mythical kingdom of Hy-Brasil and sail off the very edge of the world ... It helps a lot if you know the Norse mythology , and it 's a shame it did n't have a more visually ambitious director
 This used to be a great movie ! Perfect comedic timing and some really funny bits and quotable lines , but with the Director 's Son 's Cut they completely ruined every funny scene . Outright cutting some of the funniest moments , and then trimming down those that they left in so that they are moved through too quickly to enjoy . Not only were funny scenes cut but also almost every scene that developed setting and character , so that if you have n't seen the movie before or know much of viking history , it leaves a supremely underwhelming feeling towards this film . Upon watching the special features you learn that not only did Terry Jones ' son do this but the original director completely approved ! It shocks me that he has become so calloused towards his own work that he would allow it become so grossly deformed . And they say it was done for comedic timing ! That 's the only thing that made me laugh in this version of the film . Their idea of comedic timing is just wrong!I really hope this is rereleased as the original version , and if this cut means so much to the director , the least they could do to satisfy the orignal fans -LRB- as well as bring in new -RRB- would be to release both versions together . They 'd only be a little over two and a half hours combined , that would easily fit on one DVD.If you happen to come across an old VHS copy in the mean time , I highly recommend you check it out ! It 's one of my favorite movies of all time !
 The uncut version of this film is one of my favorite movies , so I bought this DVD to replace my old VHS copy . Cutting 25 minutes from the original 104 minutes turned this movie into a cartoon . The flavor that made it magic is gone .
 I am very sad . I 've been waiting years to get Erik the Viking on DVD . But now I learn that this version has cut 25 % of the original movie . So I 'll continue waiting , perhaps forever . Maybe in valhalla I 'll be able to watch the original , wonderful movie .
 What the hell was the director 's son thinking . So far as I have been watching it I noticed he edited out the funniest part of the movie . There is NO need for a directors cut unless you want to add footage not subtract it ! We should all wrtie a letter and request the original version released .
 Did not like it , really bad acting , very slow , very poor story , and the streaming stopped twice , waste of time .
 This is the film that killed the comic book movie . Shaq 's acting is wooden at best . The dialogue is soo bad it makes the dialogue from DIC 's Battletoads pliot sound good . The story arc is luke-warm and has many mindless filler . Infact it takes 37 minutes or more to get to see Shaq wear the Steel suit . The villians are morons . The action is basic . The ONLY cool factor of this is the laser-shooting wheelchair but it fails to help the film in the long run . I give this film a 1 out of 10 .
 ** This review may contain minor spoilers . ** Just by looking at the cover depicting Shaquille O'Neal in his metal suit , I could tell that this would be terrible , and needless to say , I was n't disappointed at the very least . Only around 1997 would they ever get away with Shaq playing a main role in a film , and despite how badKazaamwas , Warner Bros. thought they would give him another shot as a main character . Even on a shoestring budget , this bombed terribly , and it took thirteen years to re-release this on DVD . That 's right , it was finally released on DVD in 2010 , and by watching this film , it 's easy to see why.Steel was meant to be a adaptation of the DC Comics character John Henry Irons , but the only way this connects to the comic book is Shaq 's Superman logo tattoo . Not only that , but it 's completely obvious that acting is n't Shaq 's forte . I 've seen more life in stone carvings than in Shaq , but it 's obvious that he 's playing the role of his real life self throughout the film . I mean , did the DC version of Irons keep making references to his poor free throws ? I did n't think so.Another thing to note is that Shaq does n't even assume the role of a superhero until the second half of the film , and it 's probably for the best , as I 've never laughed so hard at a superhero costume since the bat nipples in Joel Schumacher 's Batman films . Imagine if RoboCop wore a gimp suit , including the painted rubber mask . Let 's not forget that he 's just some sluggish moving guy that will get knocked down like a corpse from a gun blast.If Shaq 's character was n't crazy enough , the rest of the cast only adds on to the unintentional hilarity in this film . Annabeth Gish plays the wheelchair bound Susan Sparks , who I swear is far more of a superhero than Shaq will ever be -LRB- she even acts better ! -RRB- . Judd Nelson of The Breakfast Club fame runs a gun operation inside a video game arcade manufacturer , having their top customers being from gangs that rob banks while they yell during the process . Then we have Richard Roundtree in one of the most glaring low points in his career , who helps out Shaq by designing a hammer-shaped gun and saying `` I especially like the shaft . '' Subtlety did n't take a backseat , it was kicked out of the car in motion , and I swear that over half of the lines were stolen from obvious sources.This is by far one of the biggest superhero duds to date , but I ca n't come to downright detesting it . It 's so terrible that it gave me a great laugh at how cheap everything was set up . Bad jokes , poor character design , and the funniest superhero costume to date , Steel has it all . It 's hammer time !
 After watching the hilariously horrible Kazaam I thought this would be good for a laugh , I was wrong . This movie is just badly made amature rubbish . The acting by everyone is terrible except for the actress who plays Sparks who is mediocre . The costume design is a joke , I think the concept was supposed to be that it 's made from recycled cans , he looks like a homeless version of Ironman , he does n't even have gloves . The hammer is badly proportioned even for Shaq , the handle is about four inches in diameter , it looks stupid and unwieldy . The plot revolves around some technologically advanced weapons , in one scene we learn how powerful they are when one of the spark guns completely annihilates a cardboard target . At one point Shaq is shot by one of the guns and absolutely nothing happens to him , in the next scene he 's not so much as wearing an icy hot patch , champagne corks have caused more serious injuries . Steel 's base of operations is in a junkyard underneath a pile of trash , pretty funny , `` To the Trash Cave ! '' . Also ridiculous is Steel 's first mission where he takes down a petty thug and warns him not to rob people anymore ... I 'd rather have these people get arrested than warned by idiots in stupid costumes . Later some gang members are shooting it out so he protects one gang from gunfire and lets them escape as he attacks the other gang , makes no sense . He has a magnetic ability which is pretty stupid , so now he 's also crappily derivative of Magneto . Another dumb scene is where he shoots a grappling hook into the side of a building a full story away from the roof to escape the cops , the fire department would have had to get him down . If I were to describe every stupid scene you would have the screenplay , so I 'll stop .
 Dear God , I did n't think they would EVER release this garbage on DVD ! Of course , they did wait until the format was just starting to be eclipsed by Blu-Ray , but at least they got around to it ! Was this film really SO BAD that it deserved to wait until just now to be put on DVD?Well , yes.Steel is a horrible , ghastly film , a slap in the face to decent superhero movies everywhere , and a glowing testament to the carcinogenic properties of Shaquille O'Neal 's acting -LRB- in -RRB- abilities . The plot is preposterous - the bad guy is running a gun-smuggling operation out of an arcade game manufacturer ?! - the dialogue is painful to sit through , and the puns - dear lord , the puns ... Do NOT buy this DVD if you are expecting a film of quality , or even simple entertainment . DO buy it if , like myself , you are a fan of pure cinematic effluence , the kind of movies that are so bad that they 're funny . Because the only way you 're going to get anything out of watching Steel is if you 're laughing at it . Not WITH it . AT it . -LRB- But if that 's your thing , then go for it - Steel is pretty hilarious ! -RRB-
 I tried three times to watch this series , but I can not get past the first episode , where the main characters -LRB- who remember , we are all supposed to be able to relate to -RRB- lie , cheat , steal , assault , bilk , pilfer , pickpocket , participate in vehicular homicide and then escape to a life of the super-rich . No , they all should have just been caught , arrested , tried and thrown in prison , end of series.I love Eddie Izzard as a comedian and as an actor , but this series simply crosses my ethical lines ; you do not make heroes out of villains , you just do n't send that message to the world , unless you make it clear that what you are promoting and supporting and suggesting EVIL as a justified way of life . Just because they are part of an even worse criminal element , that does not forgive them for their actions , which they never have to face , that does not give the producers the right to present an upside-down morality play as if it were OK to just kill someone , take over their life , impersonate them , and go about your business as if nothing evil happened , or that it was n't your fault.So I 'll just prop the soapbox up over here and quietly walk away , while you figure out why you want to watch bad people get away with bad things .
 This show is nonsense . The people being conned are too stupid to be believed and the main characters are n't much better - really , it 's almost painful to watch . The show gives no credit to its audience . I only made it through the first long long episode . Insipid best describes .
 I love Minnie Driver and Eddie Izzard , but I was disappointed with this series . Wooden . Awkward . Un-funny . Uncomfortable . A disappointment .
 Lawyers are liars , thieves and criminals . Private schools are racist and elitist . Developers , businesspeople of all types are alcoholic , deviant , hypocritical scum who love their guns and have big issues in bed . Did I leave out corrupt and backstabbing ? Oh yes , the entire middle and upper class population of women are frustrated , drug addicted , sex starved wretches . And to top it off they are all such idiots that they can ALL be conned , ALL the time , by the only loyal and honorable people around , the gypsies - whoops - travelers or whatever . Only amongst those who make their living explicitly by the con do we find the qualities that are so obviously mistakenly applied to the white-collar class as a rule.I think this sick view of America is too common among the favored in our entertainment industry but it is valuable to recognize that this really is the way they see this country.The show is well done and interesting , the acting is generally excellent ... but I doubt that any reader here , living outside of Hollywood , knows their general community to be so plagued by every form of sickness -LRB- moral , ethical and emotional -RRB- as depicted in The Riches.This could have been a fascinating series about a very interesting and in someways sympathetic culture that is founded in theft , cons and dishonesty of all types . That would make for a great show but having the viewer feel revulsion for a culture TRULY based on dishonesty just was n't the aim of the producers of this garbage .
 I 'm a big fan of Jamie Kennedy and I 've been waiting for three years for this movie to come out . I think if he were n't in it , this movie would have gotten one star instead of two . His was the only likeable character . All the others had either no effect on me or annoyed me to the point of disbelief . It just did n't feel like it fit very well together , and I could n't wait for it to end . Kennedy 's sweet , realistic performance was the only redeeming quality .
 ok , i love freddie and jamie , but this movie blew . the plot was terrible , the acting was second rate . and , the filming was weird . the accents were fake . it was COMPLETELY unrealistic . for those of you who hate wasting your time , you 'll hate this movie . but , for those of you who like movies simply because of their stars , you 'll like it .
 It 's so bad it should come with a clothes pin ! I love David Dochovny , but as Fox Mulder . He is not believable as a doctor ! Do n't waste your time !
 I love David Duchovny , I love Angelina Jolie , but I hated this movie to the point I had trouble watching it to it 's rather predictable conclusion.The story line was good but it is clear that the end product was not what the actors or the director was aiming for . I come to that conclusion from watching interviews with DD during his Press Junket for the movie.The feeling through out this movie was it was a higgldly piggldy mess , and no-one was quite sure how to reach the end . So it kind of waded through scenes that you were wondering where the rest of it went and how you reached this point in the first place.If there was a no star rating , I would have chosen that . As I said at the beginnin , I love David to death , but I felt I was watching Mulder without Scully in another version of his FBI life.On a final note , I am looking forward to his new movie with Minnie Driver .
 This has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I wish therewas `` 0 star '' or even a `` BOMB '' rating for this waste of film . The entire plot is far-fetched and the acting is over done . The voiceover naration by DD is so monotone , it just drones on and on and on ... Jolie was the only bright spot of the movie , and Hutton was just playing himself -LRB- again -RRB- .
 What Hutton is doing in this is anyone 's guess . I suspose he takes what 's offered nowadays . Duchovny gets by on easy charm . His approach to acting may even be original , it 's just hard to tell in the drive by shooting that is Hollywood film making . Actually , the bizarre humour of the second half rather won me over , but why America should want to habitually portray itself to the world as venal and indifferent to human suffering is one for ` The X-Files ' .
 Why , oh why , oh why did I stay up late into the night to watch this ? I had read the reviews which were dismal . I thought I would give it a chance . For one thing , I did not know that Angelina Jolie was in this film . It alone would have been enough reason to avoid it . I just do n't like her . However , she was not that bad . David Duchovny is not convincing to me as a film star . He is too wooden and not versatile enough . He does not disappear into his roles , and to me , despite never really watching the X-Files , he will always be only Fox Mulder . As a doctor -LRB- which he plays in this film -RRB- , Eugene Sands , I can maybe believe that . As a drug addict , not really . Somehow getting mixed up with some weird criminals , Timothy Hutton for one , who is a terrible criminal , is just not believable . He just does not have the face for it . Sands saves some guy who gets shot in a nightclub . Jolie -LRB- Hutton 's girlfriend -RRB- sees it and is amazed . Sands goes home , gets high , and the next thing he knows , total strangers are in his house taking him away to meet someone . He meets counterfeiter Hutton and his girlfriend and entourage of bodyguards . All the while Duchovny treats us to some of his dimestore philosophy in the form of voiceovers . It takes itself too seriously and really is a meandering , terrible , and pointless story . Do not waste your time .
 This movie is terrible . Why David Duchovny , Timothy Hutton , and Anjelina Jolie decided to sign on for this film is the main thing I was thinking while I watched it . The film starts off with Duchovny 's character explaining he used to be a doctor , but now he is just a drug addict . In the club where he is buying drugs a guy gets shot and Duchovny saves him . This leads Timothy Hutton 's character , a gangster of some sort , to track him down for further services . This gets Duchovny mixed up with the wrong crowd who are in the midst of a gang war and an FBI sting operation . Anjelina Jolie plays Hutton 's girlfriend who eventually falls for Duchovny.This movie is laughable it is so bad . Absolutly nothing is explained in the plot . What does Hutton do ? He says he is bringing the American way of life to China , but how ? Jolie falls for Duchovny , but why does she all of a sudden feel Hutton is a bad guy ? And what is up with the rediculous portrail of the FBI ? NONE of these things are explained in the movie . The acting is terrible , in part to awful direction Andy Wilson . I 'm with Leonard Maltin , it is a X-File mystery how this movie ever got made .
 What can you get with a good script , good acting , good casting , poor editing , poor original music composition , and so-so direction ? The answer
 I should have known to stay away from this when our local newspaper gave it an F. But , 9 times out of 10 , film critics are usually wrong , and I end up loving what they hate . So , we went anyways ... Well , for once , we should have listened to that paper . This movie is SO ridiculous , and the acting is SO horrible , and the plot is SO completely asinine , that it brings a question to mind ... who in their right mind could have possibly thought this script was worthy of committing to celluloid ??? My friend and I managed to keep people from walking out and lamenting on their lost 7 bucks by cracking jokes throughout the whole movie , and halfway through , we had the whole theater -LRB- all 6 of them , my party of 3 included -RRB- turned around in their seats watching us to see what we were going to say next . I do n't think any of us actually saw the ending ... I do have a sort of affection for this movie for the fact that I realized that no matter how bad the movie is , I can always manage to keep myself entertained , simply by making fun of it . For that , it gets my one measly star . Well , that and you 're required to put at least one when you review these things . Although I do have to agree with one of the reviewers . . I have n't laughed so hard in a while either !
 Honestly now , how can you like this movie ? It has the most uneven low plot a movie could have . Thats what makes it so dumb . David Suchovny plays and LA surgeon who had his licence to practice medicene taken away . Timothy Hutton plays a big LA player who can help him get it back . But after the two bond they begin to fight over the same girl -LRB- Angelina Jolie -RRB- . There is a lot of pointless dialogue and action sequences . The whole movie is just a big blur basically . Duchovny 's satr power or the cool way the film tries to play can not save the movie from being anything less than trash . I would definetly not reccomend this film to anyone . Listen for The Matrix theme in the film If yo sadly decide to see it .
 The case came in great condition but there was NO DVD inside . please help ! please send the DVD .
 Weak movie . Sometimes , it seems to be okay , but other times , I ca n't get through it . I love David Duchovny , but this is one movie I do n't think he should have made . It 's almost as if this was the wrong role for him . And the movie did n't flow well . Maybe that was just due to bad editing . Do n't recommend buying this one until you have rented it and are sure you like it .
 I only give Playing God 3 stars just because the acting is good , it 's the only thing good about the movie.Very weak scirpt and bad editing.And when it came out I was so looking forward to seeing it because I love both David Duchovny and Angelina Jolie and I was really disappointed.Well we all know Angelina has come along way since this and Hackers and David should stick to more stuff like Return To Me.Overall , Playing God is worth to rent , but not to buy .
 Virgin seemed like an interesting movie , but half way through I couldnt finish it . Even with its tough topic and Moss ' great performance , the movie failed to catch me attention .
 What was this movie about ? Was it about religion , or sex , or what ? I thought the part at the end where there were those circles of nude bathers was quite funny , and I do n't know if it was supposed to be !
 This was my first download of this type and also my last . I did get it to play with my desktop where I downloaded it but moving it to any other machine has been a nightmare . There are too many software restrictions and even a legal attempt to buy a new licence is fruitless . The machines keep freezing up . The idea is nice but the technology is n't there yet .
 I have seen some good B films and some average , others not so good but this one is in a class on its own . So bad that it has no redeaming quality . Plot ? what plot ! As for the 7 mummies i counted only two.I think thats right , 2 but iam not sure -LRB- becouse by that stage my mind started to wonder , what i had planed for the next day . -RRB- The Kung Fu fight scenes with the Mummie/mummies were embarasing to say the least . The Rap music played while convicts walked through the desert and the metal music played during the action -LRB- ? -RRB- scenes was the most horrorfying thing about this turkey . As for the guy who was paid to do not much but laugh , one would have to conclude that he knew that the joke was on the audiance . All in all this film is a mess.Dont take my word for it . watch it for yourself , but you have been warned .
 There are not seven mummies in this movie.There is not one moment of cohesive script.The acting is some of the worst I 've seen . Shame on Billy Drago and Danny Trejo for getting paid to laugh maniacally.The editing and camerawork are pitiful.There is no horror or suspense.There is NOTHING to recommend about this movie.AVOID AVOID AVOID .
 This movie has already been released straight-to-video here and even though I only paid $ 4.00 to see it - I want my money back ! What the hell was it supposed to be about ? Where were the 7 mummies ? Strewn all over the place , it seems . The storyline/screenplay was bad , the editing was bad , the acting was bad , the action scenes were shocking - some of those punches did n't even connect ! And when we finally see one of the mummies , you can actually see the actor 's lip/tongue beneath the mask !! I can find not one redeeming feature and I sat through 70-odd minutes waiting for one ! I think it was a good idea -LRB- maybe a redeeming feature , but already done so well in ` From Dusk til Dawn ' -RRB- that just did not work.Terrible , terrible , terrible . It gets one star because I 'm really a very generous person.Can someone please give me back my $ 4.00 and my 70-odd minutes lost to this piece of ... bleurgh .
 I got this dvd because I was interested in learning some very basic , but authentic , steps in different dance styles , and get a fun workout at the same time . If you are seeking the same things , do n't waste your time with this dvd . I 've studied flamenco dance for several years , and the `` flamenco '' she demonstrates is not only partially authentic at best , but her style is not good . I figured that the other styles were demonstrated in a similarly flawed fashion , so lost interest.If your goal is simply to get a new and fun workout , the dvd is somewhat more successful . I had a problem however with her demonstration , because she does it facing the viewer - and anyone who 's taken dance classes knows that the instructor faces the mirror , not the viewer . This way you can imitate the steps easily without have to transpose them in your mind first . Personally , I found it frustrating .
 I got this DVD because I had an interest in at least three of the styles presented . If nothing else , hey , the demonstrations would be worth the money , right?It 's my habit to always view the demonstrations first to get an idea of the instructor 's style . In this case , it was a mistake . The demonstrations are set against a solid black background . In the Bollywood and flamenco portions , half of her body just blends right into the non-existent background ! The remainder of her body appears -LRB- shallow as it seems -RRB- to be in a shape that is uninspiring in a fitness video . It 's nice to see some change from hardbodies , but her costumes do not flatter her fitness level and in the case of Bollywood and samba in particular appear to have been designed for someone much younger with very poor taste . -LRB- Honestly . Yarn balls ? -RRB- She does n't seem engaged in most of the dances and does n't have the fluidity that you 'd expect to see in someone with her advertised experience.In the warmup portion , she appears old and tired much of the time . She calls moves without having explained them , so it helps to watch the DVD at least once before attempting to follow it . The angle is set and kind of awkward for much of the warmup , somewhere between a full-front and front-left , and it makes it difficult to see the mechanics of some of the moves . Her assistants frequently lost her rhythm.To be honest , by the end of the warmup , I was so disgusted that I just stopped the DVD and went on to something else . Perhaps everything improves in the workouts themselves , but I do n't have enough interest left in it to find out .
 This DVD did n't motivate me . Its not a workout DVD , however if I 'm looking to learn dance moves its great !!
 but I 'll give this two stars , as I can see a specific audience for whom this DVD might be just right.I 've been belly dancing for several years now , and although I 'm no professional dancer , I 'm familiar with the dance form . I teach a belly dance class , and thought it would be fun to add a little Bollywood . I 've been studying flamenco/gypsy dance for a little while , and hoped this DVD would augment that knowledge . And I 've always wanted to learn the basics of Latin dance , so this DVD seemed just right.Well , what a letdown . Elsa 's belly dance technique would give any of the instructors I 've had a heart attack , particularly those who take Egyptian style seriously . As mentioned , I 'm just learning flamenco/gypsy , but my instructor is a phenomenal dancer , and I trust her technique . Elsa definitely has a different style ... and I was n't impressed . Her approach is just a few steps too far from authentic . I was so stunned by her ... shall we say , `` unique '' approach to belly dance and flamenco that I 'm afraid to consider learning any of the other styles she dances , lest I learn a new dance form in a totally inappropriate manner.As for the performance dances ... I asked my husband to watch the belly dance segment . His first comment was , `` Her hands are really floppy , totally ugly . '' -LRB- And all he knows about the dance is what he 's picked up by being around me ! -RRB- He watched a bit longer , then said , `` Is she supposed to be a professional ? 'Cause she 's awful , really bad . `` Sadly , I have to agree . The veil sequence is just Elsa turning , and turning , and turning . And her hands really , truly are limp and uninspired . Maybe the overall routine is repetitive because she hopes to show that you can put together a routine by repeating the same movements over and over again , with just slight variations . Unfortunately , the truth is that , if you * do * put together a routine with the same movements , over and over , it gets repetitive ! The Bollywood dance is just plain boring , it 's so repetitive . I did n't have the heart to ask my husband to critique it.That said , I have one positive comment . I love that Elsa does n't have a so-called `` perfect '' body , and she makes no apologies . You go , Elsa!There 's someone for every DVD , and I 'm sure there 's someone for whom this DVD is just right . If you 'd like a different , dance-based workout -- with the knowledge that you wo n't be learning correct , authentic technique in at least two of the forms -- this video could be just the ticket . If you 'd like to learn something about belly dance or flamenco , steer clear of this DVD .
 I had a small knowledge of belly dancing and of flamenco and I both love those dances . I was very disapointed with the DVD . Not a lot of explainations , very few technique . It 's gon na go in my next garage sale .
 I have to say that I was disappointed with this DVD . The variety of dance styles it shows is nice , but the bellydance and bollywood sections were awful . I 'm only giving it 2 stars because it is the only DVD I 've found so far that even touches on the flamenco style , which I 've become interested in lately .
 I do n't ususally write reviews , but I could n't possibly keep my mouth shut about this DVD.This is just an aweful product . Elsa can not be a proffesional dancer , she is just awful . Her hands are way too flimsy . She reminds me of the wanna-be professional dancers at my family get-togethers . Not only are the dance steps way too basic to keep the beginner interested for more than a couple of tries , but it 's just not good sense to learn from someone who does n't have decent technique . You do n't want bad habits to rub off on you and then have to unlearn that -LSB- ... -RSB- . It 's not even worth returning the DVD . I only get 50 % back because I opened it , and then the shipping fee is taken off my refund . I may get a dollar back on my credit card if I 'm lucky , but I 'm still doing it , just on principle . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 It seems this DVD put together by amateurs - it is organised quite clearly , but is very bland with predominantly one camera angle -LRB- as though the camera was left on a tripod while the instructor danced her routine -RRB- . The instructions are fairly clear as well , but overall quite uninspiring . I normally am easily moved to dance , and I expected this DVD -LRB- at a minimum -RRB- to motivate me , but instead found myself bored and discouraged . I am regretful that I wasted my money .
 This DVD is great for learning the steps , and good for beginners . However the `` performance '' sections do not show proper technique and give poor examples of how the dances should be performed . They truly are not worth watching.Elsa 's movements in all but the Flamenco are not true to form and not in the least bit fluid , they are jerky and spasmodic . I love performances and these made me nervous to watch and I felt embarrassed for her . I 'm stunned that they were included and I 'm questioning the professionalism of company who published this DVD .
 Was expecting a documentary but it turned out to be a home video with slides . didnt watch far enough in to find out if they actually filmed the guy while he was racing instead of just when he showed up at checkpoints.Not happy with it .
 This film stinks and it is the worst like part 4 , it has the Leprechaun wrapped in a neckless and he is stoned with it on , but a old man tells the pawn owner do not take the neckless off him , well the owner does and gets a bloody consequence.then the Leprechaun wanders the streets and casinos to find his missing coin a unlucky student has.just too silly , confusing , and tiresome .
 The first Leprechaun had some laughs and some chills . Subsequent entries into the series are downright stupid . If you liked the first Leprechaun , I 'd reccomend that you check out Demonic Toys , Puppet Master -LRB- 1-3 -RRB- , or Dolls .
 Awful acting , plot ... everything goes wrong in this sequel.Part 3 , is the weakest entry in the `` Leprechaun '' series . Having Leprechaun go to Las Vegas was a fun idea but the movie fails to do anything about it.Leprechaun sounded funny & clever in the other parts , here the dialogue sounds extemely mindless , but some of the killings are hilarious.Watch it only if you liked the first 2 entries .
 The leprechaun is back in Los Vegas and is ready to get his gold back from who ever has it . Stupid movie if you ask me . It has some good scenes . Te acting is aweful except for the leprechaun . He is a great actor . The plot is dumb and boring . I bought this movie for $ ... and returned it . A little recommended . It was still good and funny at times .
 A leprachaun goes to Las Vegas and starts killing people . This film is horrid and disgusting in every way .
 No do n't even look at this . If you are thinking about buying this i wish you the best of `` luck '' while you go on an adventure that will change your life 4ever . Leprechaun is pretty well ok movie , it trys to scare you . The rest of the movies are just pieces of crap . It goes from Crap 2 The biggest piece of crap you will ever witness in your life.C ` mon a Leprechaun in space . Now , if that is n't stupid i do n't know what is , and how he gets there still amazes me . How does he get in the space shuttle ? A space Marine pisses on his leg , which from that piss travels into the marine and later pops out of his crotch during intercourse . Wow !!! i 'll just leave it at that . WOW !!!!!
 This film really struck a chord for the worst , although not even close as when goes to space . The acting is laughable and the killings as well . They should have made it into one or two films tops but hey , people love to endorse on crap .
 I am a fan of the ` Leprechaun ' series . I really enjoyed the magical slasher element along with the humor in parts 1 , 4 and especially 5 . After watching part 3 , I was very disappointed though . Once again , we get a change in powers and myths and the beginning of this chapter has no connection with the end of the last one . The change of setting is fine , but we definitely do n't get enough of the leprechaun in the first half of the film . Instead we get stuck with lots of gambling and magic acts . The acting , especially by the lead male is pretty bad and the only thing that stands out is how underrated Warwick Davis is as he outshines the rest of the cast in the acting department . You can get this movie in a couple of different ` Leprechaun ' sets . I would n't recommend you buy this movie on it 's own even if you are a fan of the series .
 Much like the Child 's Play trilogy , the third time is NOT the charm ! I really enjoyed the first and second movies , but this was a wholly unneccessary addition to the Leprechaun franchise . The plot was fairly interesting with the mortal guy gaining Leprechaun powers , but it was really hard to enjoy this movie . The best part of this movie was of course the Leprechaun himself - no matter how bad the Leprechaun movies get , the Leprechaun himself is awesome , his personality , his lines , his antics . If you liked the first and second , you might enjoy this one . If you 've never seen a Leprechaun movie , then watch 1 and 2 , or Leprechaun Back 2 Tha Hood .
 god people , when will the horror end . now the bastards in Vegas making more murders because of his gold , thats the whole story of all the movies . his frickin gold . with mindnumbing supportees and bad directing . this is a toiletbowl mess.favorite line in the whole movieLeprechaun - there was an old man from O'Grass , his balls were made of brass and in stormy weather his balls clanked together and sparks flew out of his ass -LRB- this was hilarious -RRB-
 After watching Bernie Mac in a number of his movies I found his comedy extremely funny . This movie is up there with the worst of animated comedy I have ever seen . The main character 's annoying high pitched voice was enough to infuriate anyone . The jokes were extremely lame and the plot did n't go anywhere . If you want to suffer through 75mins of your life this movie is the one for you . Any comparisons between this movie and South Park are clearly not valid as South Park is actually funny . If you want my advice on the film I say `` you could burn your money and get a better investment out of it than buying this one ''
 Luckily I only rented this movie.Parts were funny , parts made me want to go get a refund from the videostore.Lots of scenes made me smack my forehead and think to myself , `` What the heck . That 's so stupid '' or `` Ack ! That 's so wrong ! ''
 Now , here I thought I had run this thing out of production a few years ago , only to find out it 's been released as a dvd . I do n't even recall how I found out about this thing , but I mounted a campaign against it for the racist piece of trash and drivel that it is . Why did these black actors make this thing ? Why did these two racist white boys make this movie ? Why do they keep perpetuating women as willing and eager -LSB- ... -RSB- ? Why did n't they do white women this way ? Did these two white boys dream of pimping black women when they were that young ? I am going to write amanzon a protest letter as I purchase exclusively from them , I may have to take my business elswhere or just buy direct from the stores . PLEASE DO NOT WAST YOUR MONEY ON THIS RACIST PIECE OF TRASH AND DRIVEL ! I actually give it no stars so scratch the one above . I could n't get away with giving it none .
 Silly bit of nonsense about playwright who loses control of his play to the characters in the thriller he is writing and the actors who portray them . Cute idea , but never fully realized . There is some confusion about the whole thing . Is this a play that is being produced , as it seems to be , given that it is set on a stage ? Or is it a movie , as the audience guy seems to think -LRB- acceptable -RRB- ? But sometimes the playwright refers to it as a movie as well -LRB- not acceptable -RRB- . The characters are confusing as well -LRB- Sigmund Freud ? -RRB- , . They appear , then disappear , only to reappear again.Even though it is less than an hour and a half long , it would do much better as a shorter film . Many of the extended scenes drag on far too long , making the same points over and over again . Many , if not most , of the characters begin to get annoying after awhile.There are some funny bits in it -LRB- a few very funny -RRB- but not enough to make up for its overall weaknesses . It seems more like a student project for a film class rather than a full-fledged movie .
 This is worse than terrible and it is n't 90 minutes , thank GOD !!!!! It 's about 76 minutes long and there is absolutely nothing interesting about it . Shirley Jones must have owed someone a favor , because not even she can pull this one out of the mire . A writer is penning a script and we , the audience , get to see how it plays out on stage , but everyone talks as if it 's a movie . Confused ? Does n't matter . Have the fast forward ready , because you 're gon na need it .
 There are apparently two versions of Alex in Wonderland ; the one listed here starring Debbie Allen , and the original 1970 movie starring Donald Sutherland.This listing is for the later Debbie Allen flick , but the description carry a synopsis of both movies -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- . Also , the reviews are for the earlier film . The link to this earlier Sutherland film is here
 Paul Mazursky 's classic film comedy `` Alex in Wonderland '' has a cult following that should have kept remembering the overall consensus of critics that in all its homage to Fellini the film should only muster the nickname , `` 1-1/2 . '' It is not very entertaining to the point of being slow , occasionally funny and only sometimes insightful , it is more so merely pretentious . It has not aged well as I can understand why its reputation has grown through the years as it was not available , but it can now be seen and to watch it intoxicated as audiences probably were expected to in 1970 may dull the senses enough to find it to be more enjoyable than it really is .
 If you like romantic comedies , you will think Mr. Wonderful is cute . its not the best , but the acting was pretty good , although the Supporting Actors and Actresses was even better than the main characters . the plot wasnt really anything special but it was good enough . i recomend it for a one time viewing
 The plot is boring . Dont watch this movie it drones on . Matt dillion is too talented and this movie does nothing with him .
 Anthony Minghella -LRB- Truly , Madly , Deeply ; The English Patient ; The Talented Mr. Ripley -RRB- makes movies with a lot of heart , but I can only guess he was sleepwalking through this one . I found the protagonists unlikeable and cringed every time they started shrieking at each other . Dillon plays a commitment-phobic -LRB- wow , we 've never seen that in a man before -RRB- ConEd worker whose main hobbies are banging his much-too-nice-for-him nurse girlfriend and yelling at his ex-wife , the lovely Annabella Sciorra.Solid supporting cast , though , with the ever-excellent Vincent D'Onofrio as a pharmacist most any woman would fall for and Dan Hedaya as a ConEd co-worker . Both make the most of the thin material they 're given to work with .
 This is an utter failure as a romantic comedy . It is not romantic , nor is it a comedy . The fact that anyone would choose a sullen Matt Dillon over the obviously desirable Vincent D'Onofrio is not to be believed . It is only because of Vincent that I gave it 2 stars for the 6 or 8 minutes he appears in the movie and brings it to life . Vince is always excellent and compelling . He could have made something of the title role , but it was not to be . The audience 's loss , I fear .
 Matt Dillon was seriously mis-cast in this film . He came across as an unlikable , hopelessly plebian , crotch-scratching `` dese , dem , and doze '' low-class slob , while the lovely Annabella Sciorra seemed urbane , literate , and softly spoken . One wonders how these two ever got together in the first place . For people who supposedly grew up in the same neighborhood , the speech patterns are noticably at odds , with Dillon 's character coming out at the bottom . The premise was predictable , the main character unlikeable , and the ending unbelievable . The supporting cast , however , was superb , considering what they were given to work with . Vincent D'Onofrio is wonderful as the shy pharmacist , Sciorra is a beautiful and engaging ex-wife to Dillon , and Mary Louise Parker comes across as a much better match for Dillon 's character than Sciorra . If you want a good romantic movie , see Happy Accidents instead . Review refers to the VHS Tape edition
 this movie is kind a UFO ... never seen in France -LRB- or very briefly -RRB- , though Chevalier was French ... the quality of the dvd is poor , but it 's watchable . in fact , the movie suffers from a very bad cutting , directing ... . suffers from everything
 It earned two stars for the beautiful travelogue of Greece as the lady doctor spent a lovely long vacation there and found her arthritis getting better.We learn daily walking , the Mediteranean diet , daily metitation and beautiful views are all healing and good for you.This is presented as new information and for some people maybe it is , if they have been living in a cave . We learn stress is bad.I could n't bring myself to watch the last ten minutes it was so dull anduninformative . We see the lady doctor getting her brain tested as she smells good smells and views pretty pictures to see how it lights up in the pleasure regions . We learn our brains get healthier with daily exercise from examining the brains of rats who have been given a wheel to run on in their cages.Don ' t bother with this one .
 If you 're curious/intrigued by the premise of this video , I would recommend renting it over buying it . It is a VERY superficial overview of beliefs/practices which are thought to promote overall health & healing
 This is a fun video for the young ones to watch once in a while . It is one we purchased a while ago and now we hardly watch it .
 I am a big admirer of John Carpenter , and a huge fan of Halloween , the Prince of Darkness -LRB- one of the most underrated horror movies ever -RRB- and The Thing . Even his oh-not-so-successful entries , like Stephen King 's Christine and The Fog are quite watchable , particularly Christine boosted by Carpenter 's ominious music pieces.So I have always dreamt that They Live would be another bleak horrorfest with creatures creating a havoc and a nightmare . Instead I found an shoot-them-up-all driven tongue-in-the-cheek movie . Not happy.The film starts as if it were a sequel to the Prince of Darkness with a similar slightly ominious soundtrack , a small church in a forgotten part of the city . Then it goes on for 45 minutes without nothing . After the sunglass is worn , things start to get going , but I found the leading character 's reaction to what he saw very unconvincing . Instead of being horrified , scared , trying to get himself disguised and absorb the siutation to work out a plan , he makes himself conspicious all the way and tries to annihilate some of the creatures with the subtlety of an orangutan . Here we see that the leading character is the US version of Bruce Lee and Terminator . Not very believable.Moreover , there is a fight scene that takes ages to come to an end . My advice is that as soon as two leading characters start to fight over about wearing the special sunglass , just press fast forward button and jump to the point where Keith David wears the sunglasses finally . You will lose nothing on the way ; instead you will gain ten precious minutes.The acting is very wooden . `` Holly '' character must be one of the most soulless woman characters of all time -LRB- no wonder the actress has never starred in a major production -RRB- The first 45 minutes is exruciatingly slow and after it the film picks up and starts to take itself more seriously and somehow become a little bit ominious.The ending was good
 I guess I thought it would be better . The aliens are laughable , the plot is silly , and the whole thing looks cheap . The little injections of topical humor are occassionally witty but that 's about it . How is one supposed to obey commands to both `` sleep '' and `` marry and reproduce '' ? Oh wait , maybe that 's humor , too . It creeped out my 11 year old daughter , and I guess that about the level it works on .
 They Live is an awesome movie if you can find the UNCUT edition ... they made scenes when they look throught the glasses black and white ... THEY WERE COLOR ON THE OLD VHS RELEASE !!!! Also the HEAD EXPLOSION scene is MISSING . Whats wrong with people why do they feel the need to censor movie ... If you like censored movies then this is the censored edition !
 Something about this movie is so endearing that when I watch it , I do get hooked , but just to watch for the obvious anti-capitalist/anti-profit/pro-communist bludgeoning . I guess that speaks to the skill of film maker who alas , would make Marx and Lenin proud.Seriously ... you have two uneducated characters -LRB- one white , one black because capitalists oppress all races -RRB- stereotyped as union factory workers -LRB- complete with boots and flannel shirts -RRB- who take on the evil alien Capitalists that are running the world and making profit -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- . These aliens have advanced technology to travel the galaxy , but somehow ca n't shoot very well . You can tell who 's a good guy or a bad guy by their attire
 This is one of the most terrible movies I 've ever had the misfortune to witness . The acting is wooden and the whole thing is super slow moving . The barehand fight scene in it is funny for about 30 seconds , and then it just goes on , and on , and on , and on . Wrestling fans may enjoy it , but I found it tedious.All in all a complete waste of time , I ca n't understand the other reviews that give it anything higher than one star .
 Following John Carpenters very good ` Prince of Darkness ' comes this heavy handed political piece called ` They Live ' . The movie moves very slowly and the movies descends into the completely ridiculous with his depiction of the homeless . THe fight scene between Keith David and Roddy Piper is memorable only because it runs for about ten excruciatingly boring minutes.Carpenter later admitted that he made this movie in some sort of attempt to attack the Reagan Adminstration . Movie makers should stick to entertainment and keep their juvenile views of politics to themselves . Carpenters movies have been crap since he started to take himself seriously . He should go back to what he 's good at.Rent this is you ca n't sleep . It will cure the worst insomia .
 I 'm a HUGE fan of Carpenter 's early work , everything from ASSAULT ON PRECINCT 13 , CHRISTINE , THE FOG , and his magnum opus , HALLOWEEN . So when I picked up THEY LIVE and saw that Rowdy Roddy Piper starred , I knew I could n't call myself a Carpenter fan without popping this in for a viewing . I sat back and looked forward to taking in more Carpenter goodness.The result ? A movie that takes a long time to get going , has only one standout acting performance , and displays some really lame effects.We watch Piper 's character drift into town and apply for work , shelter up in a homeless community , chance upon a construction job , chat with the homeless residents , go back to the job , etc. . Some 30-40 minutes later the movie finally kicks into gear . It was hard for me to stay interested for this long without anything really happening , but the promise of aliens and action compelled me to persevere . The highpoint in all of this was Keith David , who plays Piper 's fellow homeless/construction worker friend . The man acted circles around everyone else in this movie . The other actors , however , come off as wooden , more like actors TRYING to act . Because they could n't imbue their characters with much of any real emotion , I did n't sympathize with them nor really care what happened to them . And the effects are pretty low-grade , more of the B-movie variety . There 's not a whole lot of difference between the effects in ASSAULT ON PRECINCT 13 -LRB- 1976 -RRB- and THEY LIVE -LRB- 1988 -RRB- . As you could guess , the lack of more sophisticated effects sets this movie back to , well about 1976 . I must say that I loved the ending -LRB- which I wo n't give away -RRB- , but my investment in the finale was lessened by the slow beginning and poor quality of the movie 's middle . If you like cheesy B-movie fun , then rent THEY LIVE . If you want serious action and fear , rent something from the beginning of Carpenter 's career , like HALLOWEEN or CHRISTINE .
 No , the title of my review -LRB- and 1-star rating -RRB- does n't refer to the movie itself . Which I rather enjoyed , although it 's kinda hard for me to take seriously Carpenter 's message about the evils of money and rampant consumerism when I envision him laughing all the way to the bank as he deposits his residual checks from the upcoming re-release of this movie on DVD . I 'm referring to the platter itself , which will be lacking any special features . Which is lame , ` cuz the UK version -LRB- which is ALREADY AVAILABLE to UK consumers ! WTF ?! -RRB- includes a few trailers , a ` Making-of ' featurette , and a commentary track by director John Carpenter and star ` Rowdy ' Roddy Piper.This little development has led me to believe that the distributors of this particular platter are setting the stateside consumers up for a little thing I call the ` Dreaded DVD Double-Dip Ploy ' -LRB- check out my `` So You 'd Like To ... '' guides on this annoying phenomenon for more detailed info -RRB- . First , the distributor puts out a stripped-down , bare-bones edition of a popular movie on disc -LRB- such as , oh , let 's say ` They Live ' -RRB- . Then , several months to a couple years later , they do a re-release , only this time they throw in all sorts ' a stuff , including commentary tracks , behind-the-scenes featurettes , deleted scenes , and whatever else they have lyin ' around . To put it simply , it 's a sneaky way for the movie studios & video distributors to make the DVD-purchasing public buy the same thing -LRB- ` cept different -RRB- twice . And I 'm pretty sure that 's what they 'll be doin ' for this specific flick some time down the road.Of course , if all you 're looking for is the movie itself without all that ` special features ' fluff , I wo n't keep you from placing your order . However , if you 're like me -- a completist who has to have as many extras on his DVDs as he can stand -- I recommend you wait , and keep tabs on the latest upcoming digital disc release news . Do n't fall into the DVD Double-Dip pit like so many others have!You 've been warned ... ` Late
 This movie has one gimmick that would make a great hour long episode of `` The Twilight Zone '' ... but it 's not enough for an entire film . The time is padded out with things like the unending and boring fistfight that comes across like some weird gay fight club fetish ... . or something .
 The movie I give four stars , the extras get zero.Until they do justice to this film and have a director 's comentary and other features I will pass on it .
 Thought it was region free unfortunately it is not , i mainly purchased this because i remember watching it as a kid and i wanted to just watch it again but not region free . Oh well if some one can tell me how to switch my PS3 to play all regions that would be great
 I love this movie and it 's one of my favorite John Carpenter films . One of the best scenes is the fight scene with Roddy Piper and Keith David and I was disappointed about the dvd because there 's no special features , not even a trailer . At least , The picture and sound are good . If anybody 's a fan of Carpenter as I am , this is the movie to own .
 It takes abourt 45 minutes to lay out one of the more intriguing premises of a film , and then the final 45 minutes to knock it down with a weak shoot-em-up plot that does n't ring true at all . Good acting by Roddy Piper -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- and Keith David . My fave line
 the blu ray has glitches in it where the screen blacks out and either the machine stops recognizing the disc or it stays black for several moments and eventually returns to where you left off
 You censor a show called CaliFORNICATION ? REALLY ?!?!? Do you know why people watch the damn show ?!?!?! STUPID !
 If they take out the swearing and sex , there would be no show - thin , thin story line . I would not watch another episode for FREE !
 Sorry , I like `` Californication '' , but something happened in this season , the whole thing was a like a bad parody of itself . Where it 's possible it might have been able to suspend one 's disbelief about this show before ... it is not possible any more , you just have to watch this season and try to enjoy it for the cartoon it is.Speaking of cartoons ... . I bought this factory sealed and new from Amazon , and the video is absolutely horrible . I thought I was watching this series on You-Tube ... back a few years . The resolution was terrible and the pixelation was unendurable . I checked the disks and they looked fine physically , so this must have been a mastering job done by a complete incompetent . Can anyone else comment on this ... I just really could not believe a brand new DVD set just out this year could be done so poorly.If you have to see this I do n't know what to tell you , all I can do is relate my experience . Very sorry I spent the money .
 I enjoyed the first two seasons , but season 3 of Californication can easily be skipped . It 's like being stuck on the last groove of an LP , it 's going no where - and becomes annoying quickly . The worst thing about the series is the horrible duaghter whose shrill tone and off-dialogue analysis reminds one of the many uses of a bath tub , and an editor .
 As a big fan of the series , it 's very disappointing too see how quickly it has lost its plot and turned itself into a mindless orgy that is unconvincing and tiring . Gone is the sexual chemistry and tension between Hand Moody and his harem . Instead , he lurches from one boring sexual conquest to another without the freshness of his wits that made series 1 and 2 so enjoyable.Perhaps Hank Moody is still the same and I am the one growing up , but after watching series 3 , I feel Hank Moody is an old dog who has no more new tricks . Other characters , such as Moody 's agent , also become irritatingly unconvincing and irrelevant . I do n't think this series will last too much longer .
 Full disclosure - I have watched the prior seasons of this show , and found it somewhat entertaining , if unrealistic . This season though , is totally unwatchable . The show has become a sad caricature of itself and is so offensive I stopped watching after two episodes . It is now an adolescent boy 's fastasy of a world where women enjoy being raped , it 's okay for teachers to screw their students , and the law of cause and effect does not exist . I hated it so much that I will never watch this show again .
 Season 1 - brillant . Season 2 - great . Season 3 - pathetic . What happened ? Do n't buy . It 's a waste of time and money . Instead - watch season 1 again .
 I ' v seen more skin and swear words on network tv . This is not worth watching in its censored form with half the screen fuzzed out .
 I love Californication . However if the first thing you see after the Review of last season is a big blob with a head then something is wrong!I need an account and a credit card to use this service but still I have to take up with this unreasonable amount of editing!Please put a huge `` CENSORED '' up on the cover next time so that I wo n't waste my time and bandwidth with something like that !
 Maybe because the first two seasons set the bar impossibly high ? Season one was a complete surprise that kept my wife and I laughing and season two a better surprise because of its risk taking and dark ending . Season three I found not very deep/substative and many episodes rather boring . Maybe my expectations for season three were too high ? The only episode I truly liked in season three was the last one . Maybe because it connected so much with the past seasons ? Waiting for season four and hoping it surprises me in a good way .
 Its on Showtime and the title is Californication . Any parent should know its not suitable for children so editing it beyond recognition is unacceptable . Do n't offer free downloads if you 're going to alter content . Free or not , not worth it .
 There is nothing like a good faith based horror movie . To the great movies such as `` The Omen , '' `` Rosemary 's Baby '' and `` The Sentinel '' we add `` The Familiar . '' Just kidding.Sam -LRB- Bryan Massey -RRB- is a suicidal whiskey drinking gunsmith whose wife -LRB- Stephanie Young -RRB- recently died . Charlie -LRB- Jeff West -RRB- the town cop is his childhood friend . They share a dark secret other than both going to the `` John Candy School for Bad Acting . '' As Sam drinks his life away in Kentucky whiskey , which starts out cloudy in the film , but clears up at the end , he is visited by his estranged sister-in-law , Lolita ... no wait Laura -LRB- Laura Spencer -RRB- because Lolita would be too obvious.Laura , our red headed hot nymph , is a bit of a spiritual flake , which makes her susceptible to demonic possession , just like dabbling in the occult as a child . The film description gives too much away.Rallo is the name of the demon . It is also the name of a hockey player . There is a hockey player by the name of Satan . Could there be a connection?If you are really into the faith based stuff , go ahead , it has a happy Jesus filled ending.Parental Guide
 Let me just say that my low rating in no way reflects upon the visual quality of the film . For a true indie , low-budget feature , this film shined with strong and believable acting , high production value , and impressive directing and camerawork that led it to be a truly trippy and disquieting film , filled with odd angles , oscillating between a bright and dark color palette , and pummeling the viewer with strobe flashes of intercut images . However , there is little to no story or character , and that 's the whole reason I watch movies
 WARNING
 They should have waited until Jensen was available to voice this whole thing , he did the last two . I bet if you sold the episodes seperately the ones Jensen did would exceed the sales of the others . Oh well thier loss . Sold it to the neighbor for her 8 yr old son , he likes ghostly stuff , it 's just another cartoon to him . Only gave it two stars for Jared . Or else I would n't have given it any . I will stick with the original .
 As a major fan of both anime and Supernatural , I had high hopes for this series . I sat down to watch it with a smile on my face and hope in my heart . I held onto these as long as I could , but after a few episodes I had to be honest with myself , and face up to my disappointment.This anime does n't capture anything of the feeling of Supernatural . The colours are garish . The music is cheesy and inappropriate . The acting has no subtlety -LRB- unlike most reviewers here , I listened to the Japanese audio -RRB- . There is none of the affection for the characters that you 'd expect from the live action series . There is no wry low-key humour . Dean is now a cry-baby , and Bobby , for no good reason , is a short fat clean-shaven nebbish instead of a cool cracker with a beard . John is a mean SOB , with beard and hat . Only Sam still resembles the live-action character.This is n't just a case of me not being able to accept Supernatural in a new format . Purely as anime , this show is also mediocre . In the featurette , the Japanese directors say they hired a TV writer because they did n't want the usual anime writing . Cut to a story conference in which the writer is fighting to get in ONE LINE that will give the monster of the week some sort of motivation . If you watch that episode -LRB- Alter Ego , the remake of Skin -RRB- , you 'll see that he did not get the line in.But the writing in general is poor . The plots are simplistic -LRB- and the plots of the `` anime originals '' are in fact mostly derived from pre-existing episodes -RRB- . The directors say this is because of the short episode length , but anime fans will know that plenty of story and character can be fitted into the standard 23 minutes . When the dialog is not just blandly generic , Sam and Dean engage in awful gag-based banter -LRB- apparently cartoon Sam just HATES being called Sammy - hilarious ! -RRB- . Thankfully , the wacky attempts at humour mostly disappear about halfway through the series -LRB- after the one effective episode , which does n't even feature Sam and Dean -RRB- , making the show more tolerable , but still not actually good.What would a better anime version of Supernatural have looked like ? Maybe a bit like Stand Alone Complex , or Witch Hunter Robin , or even Boogiepop Phantom , but obviously with a bit more ironic humour . Instead we get something that can only only lower the reputation of anime in the West , and of Supernatural in the East . A stupid , cheesy cartoon for kids . An embarrassment to both Kripke 's show and the anime industry.I realise that writing such a negative review will garner a few unhelpful votes . I thought long and hard before writing this , and giving what I believe is my lowest ever Amazon review score . I 'm only doing this because I want people to have an alternative to the relentlessly positive reviews here . Obviously , if you are a hardcore Supernatural fan , you will have to buy this series . I understand that . I just want you to be aware of what you are getting into , before you get your hopes too high , like I did , and then suffer a terrible disappointment .
 I wanted to love this series . I really did . I love the live action show with Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki , but this is a big disappointment . If you 're a Sam fan you will probably like this anime series , since Sam Winchester is the only character who actually looks like himself . Having Padalecki do the voice in some episodes certainly helps . However , the rest of the cast is unrecognizable , especially big brother Dean Winchester . As played by Jensen Ackles on the show Dean is gorgeous , with dark blond hair and moss green eyes . For some reason the Japanese animators were unwilling or unable to spend the time to draw Mr. Ackles correctly , and it shows . Anime Dean looks like Kermit the Frog with Don King 's hairstyle.Google `` Jensen Ackles images . '' Compare the pics that come up with the way Dean looks in this anime series , and you will see exactly what I mean . If they could draw Sam correctly , why did n't they do the same for Dean ? I 've heard that the animators wanted to make Dean more `` macho '' in appearance . Well , some excuse is better than none at all , I guess.On the show Dean pretends to be a shallow macho man . He actually cares deeply about people and became a hunter to spare others from the hell his family went through . In the anime series he is so emo I wish someone would hit him with a heavy duty tranquilizer dart to calm him down . He waves his arms wildly , sobs and cries at the drop of a hat . I do n't know who that dude is , but he 's NOT Dean Winchester . That and the horrible way the other supporting characters -LRB- most notably Bobby Singer and John Winchester -RRB- were drawn was a HUGE distraction . I refuse to recommend this series to anyone who is n't a diehard Sam fan or anime fan . I 've seen other anime renderings of the Winchesters by so-called amateur artists over on DeviantArt , and those drawings captured the characters perfectly . One of those artists would have been a better pick for this series . If you 're curious about Supernatural , skip the anime series and buy the first season DVD set on Amazon . Why settle for a grotesque imitation when you can have the real thing ?
 I wanted to love this series . I really did . I love the live action show with Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki , but this is a big disappointment . If you 're a Sam fan you will probably like this anime series , since Sam Winchester is the only character who actually looks like himself . Having Padalecki do the voice in some episodes certainly helps . However , the rest of the cast is unrecognizable , especially big brother Dean Winchester . As played by Jensen Ackles on the show Dean is gorgeous , with dark blond hair and moss green eyes . For some reason the Japanese animators were unwilling or unable to spend the time to draw Mr. Ackles correctly , and it shows . Anime Dean looks like Kermit the Frog with Don King 's hairstyle.Google `` Jensen Ackles images . '' Compare the pics that come up with the way Dean looks in this anime series , and you will see exactly what I mean . If they could draw Sam correctly , why did n't they do the same for Dean ? I 've heard that the animators wanted to make Dean more `` macho '' in appearance . Well , some excuse is better than none at all , I guess.On the show Dean pretends to be a shallow macho man . He actually cares deeply about people and became a hunter to spare others from the hell his family went through . In the anime series he is so emo I wish someone would hit him with a heavy duty tranquilizer dart to calm him down . He waves his arms wildly , sobs and cries at the drop of a hat . I do n't know who that dude is , but he 's NOT Dean Winchester . That and the horrible way the other supporting characters -LRB- most notably Bobby Singer and John Winchester -RRB- were drawn was a HUGE distraction . I refuse to recommend this series to anyone who is n't a diehard Sam fan or anime fan . I 've seen other anime renderings of the Winchesters by so-called amateur artists over on DeviantArt , and those drawings captured the characters perfectly . One of those artists would have been a better pick for this series . If you 're curious about Supernatural , skip the anime series and buy the first season DVD set on Amazon . Why settle for a grotesque imitation when you can have the real thing ?
 Let me start by saying that I am a HUGE Supernatural fan , and have seen every episode of the live action before watching the anime . I had to force myself to watch the whole anime series . Most of the episodes are regurgitated story-lines from season one and two of the live action series , except for the ones that deal with Japanese mythos . My love for the original show made me watch the entire anime . I do n't recommended it , try to just watch the Japanese mythology ones . I feel that my time has been wasted by watching it , I do n't know what I would have done if i had bought it . I had expected it to be episodes that could go in-between the first season 's , other hunting tales that Kripke could n't fit in . Instead approximately only 2 episodes are original plots .
 First of all , let me just say that I love ` Supernatural ' . I think Eric Kripke is a genius . I think Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki are great , good looking actors . I am already dreading the day that this program leaves the airwaves.So because of all of this , I was quite excited at the concept of an anime version of this show . I was even more interested when I heard that Jared and Jensen would be doing the voice work.Imagine my surprise to find that for one
 i feel this wAS A WAST WITHOUT JENSEN IN IT . WHY DIDNT HE DO THE DEAN PART . SORRY THIS WAS A WAST OF TIME .
 recently have become a `` Supernatural '' fan . I had found that there was an animated series and thought that it would enhance the writer 's ability to visually tell a story from not being restricted by the budget from a `` live action '' standpoint . Did this series do just that , yes . But the voice overs , overall flow of the story , and story telling where absolutely horrible .
 Supernatural is too American for Japanese animation . I realized this immediately upon watching this series . They 've done all right recreating some of the important elements , but what is missing is the `` cool '' factor . They are very smart , those Japanese animators , but I 'd be willing to bet they 've never been the cool kid on the playground . I know it 's the age of the Geek , but you have to know your audience . Americans have been influenced -LRB- whether or not they are old enough to remember them -RRB- by Elvis , James Dean , Brando -LRB- pre-insanity -RRB- , the Harley Davidson ... you know , rebellion . That is why Sam is done fairly well , but Dean ? Nope . Not even close . Another perfect example of this is the episode in which a spirit Impala goes on a rampage . The writers expect you to believe that on any given day , there are three or four '67 Impalas driving the streets of a one horse town . It 's not a Honda Civic for God 's sake , it 's a mint condition 1967 Chevy Impala . How many of those does a person see in a lifetime ? Strangely enough , with exception of the Impala thing , the original episodes are quite a bit better than the ones based on actual SPN episodes , but still it seems to have lost something in the translation . I will say this though , I did laugh a lot while watching these episodes . The sad thing is , I do n't think that 's what the writers meant to happen .
 As a fan of SUPERNATURAL ... This Anime Series is a disappointment . Voice sound is off . What happened to my MAN Dean ?! Poor Bobby is mangled beyond recognition ... looks like Wimpy , -LRB- Popeye -RRB- Did the animators actually watch the series ??? Missouri Mosley looking like Ms Cleo ... Do they draw African characters by taking the rejects of other drawings and just fill in black ink ??? I purchase this item expecting it to expand the world of the Winchesters . NOT !!! I 've seen better anime ... Justice League , The Red Hood etc. ... . I hope the next person who attempts this is someone who knows the series & is wise enough to include the original characters to make it work . After all it only took 6 tries to get BATMAN -LRB- The Dark Knight -RRB- Right .
 Warning
 Wow . . I know some actors make extra cash by doing `` crap-work '' in other countries , but this was terrible.They litterally looked like they were reading it cold off a teleprompter ! And the stories are all re-hash of the US TV show . NOTHING original.Save your money ...
 Are you a fan of Supernatural ? Do you think Sam and Dean 's personal mythos is amazing and can only be enhanced by smooth professional animation ? I was of the same opinion , which is why I was stoked to finally get my hands on a copy of this.Friends ... it was the worst ten dollars I ever spent.The only thing the anime has in common with the show is Jared as Sam . Well crafted story lines take tragic , painful , avoidable blows in a well meant but poorly executed attempt to make this its own creature . The art is fine , nothing distinctive or memorable , but as long as you focus your eyes off to the left of the impala and never look directly at it or the constant blank idiot expression on Dean 's face you 'll enjoy it for a couple of episodes before it just blurs into mediocrity . The other voice actors are stilted and Jared is just so * huge * that his voice coming from anime!Sam just kind of sounds like Sam is pretending to be Batman . John Winchester looks like actor Reg E. Cathey dressed as the Gordon fisherman , I 'm not sure why Bobby looks the way he does -LRB- really , it 's sad -RRB- and if someone could tell me why Bobby Singer owns a helicopter I 'd be thrilled . Also , Jensen only does the voice of Dean for the last two episodes , which covers the Cold Creek story arc that ends S2.I sat down to watch it expecting familiar characters , a neat re-imagining of a story I knew , and some crazy anime-style blood and guts and scary demons . Instead I got a tamer , less cohesive tragically disappointing version of one of my favorite shows . I do n't recommend it to Supernatural fans who are hoping for a codas and fill-ins between those Season 1 and 2 cases . I do however , recommend it to Supernatural fans with a great sense of humor and 10-15 dollars of disposable income who need a new Supernatural drinking game to pass the time until the premiere of Season 8 .
 This broke my heart . I LOVE Supernatural the show , but this was just too odd . It did n't have any new story lines , just the same shows in animation . Dean 's voice and character were all off . Jared P. brings life to Sam , which helps a lot . But they destroyed Bobby and Missouri Mosseley . I had to stop watching it after they brought out Bobby.I wish they would give it a second shot ; come up with different story lines , remain true to the characters , and please , please back off on the cheese Anime stuff , it 's only cute on Pokemon . The idea is there , the follow through is n't .
 This movie really hit me hard ... with IDIOCY ! When I saw it on the IMDB ` 100 worst movies ' I figured it would be bad . Nothing could prepare me for this movie . This is a formulaic , typical martial arts movie with extra cheese and no originality . Bad guys kidnap girl . Ninja master and troubled kid go on a quest to save her ... You know the plot . We have seen a million times before and we already know the ending!When I watch a martial arts movie I am expecting horrible acting , cheesy dialogue , hokey script and bad one liners . Fortunately , even the cheesiest martial arts films have GOOD ACTION , GORE AND LOTS OF FIGHTING ! In this movie we do n't even get the blood , gore and butt kicking ... There are n't any heads lopped off with katana , shuriken stuck in someone 's eyeball , or ANY of that cool stuff one would expect to find in a ninja movie . It was like someone took a mediocre action flick and edited all the gore out so it would n't scare kids under 6 years old.I REALLY ca n't stand when movie writes ca n't make up their minds ! A movie needs A TARGET AUDIENCE ! It is a rare movie that can please all age groups so writers and directors must choose a group to gear it toward . These writers tried to make a movie to appeal to kids and adults but instead of writing a kids movie , they took a ` grownup ' script and watered it down to make it ` kid friendly ' losing the adult AND kid audience ! Simply put = Kids do n't CARE about secret scientific pesticide research and kidnapped older ladies and adults do n't want to see bad acting , clich&eacute; , predictable plots with NO gore ! No wonder this dreck bombed!Is it a kid 's movie ? If so it needs more of the kid kicking butt . It also needs more ` cool ' gadgets and non-gory action which appeals to boys . It also needs a plot that teaches kids something valuable and that kids can comprehend . There is a kid doing martial arts in this movie but there is way too much talking and the plot is too boring for a kid . What kid wants to watch a `` kids '' movie where the adult is the hero ? In a kid 's movie THE KID should be a hero ! This kid in the movie is named `` Hiro '' but he is actually more of a sidekick . Kid 's movies are supposed to be FUN , creative and should empower and teach kids . Kids would fall asleep during this movie!Is this a grownups movie ? Not really . If you are an adult you will notice the bad acting , the slow pace and the lack of plot . It also does n't have a lot of action compared to other ninja movies . The fight scenes have ok choreography but they are VERY typical scenes with no original moves . Martial arts fans looking to check out the ` cool ' moves will be disappointed . Some of the stunts ARE cool but there is hardly any fight scenes in the movie compared to most other action movies ! The bad guys in the movie are also VERY stereotypical and would only be scary in a kid 's movie ... So it fails for adults too!This movie even fails to have camp value . Campy movies are SO cheesy you can actually laugh and make fun of them . With this movie you ca n't even do that . There are many cheesy , corny martial arts movies that are A RIOT with bad plots , fake looking gore , overdubbed voices that do n't match the mouths and unrealistic fight scenes . This is what makes them funny ! This movie is n't even cheesy enough to be funny , it 's just lame ! So yeah , maybe this would be a cool movie ... if you are an 8 year old boy and your strict parents wo n't let you watch violent ` grownup ' martial arts movies . Even then , I would sooner beg the kid 's parents to let him watch a good martial arts movie rather than recommend this awful one . Some movies are so bad they are funny , movies like this are just BAD and not worth watching even for a laugh !
 SIGH ! WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY ? IT TRIES TO BE A COMEDY BUT I WAS DEPRESSED . BRADLEY ? HE CA N'T ACT .
 From watching the other American Ninja Movies I thought that this movie would be as good . I was shocked when I saw how terrible this movie was compared to the movies before it . This movie in no way depicts the real ninja or any other Martial arts style . The acting is Bad and the special effects are worse . The plot is totally far fetched to say the least . Please do n't waste your money on this poor attempt of a movie .
 I will state right off the bat that I have always been a fan of the American Ninja series . Yes I know they are n't art but I enjoy the cheesball action and performances . After viewing American Ninja 4 , which was rather entertaining in its own B-grade way , I was looking forward to viewing American Ninja 5 . The hookey cover art through me for a loop at first . It 's just a lame picture of the characters in the film in stupid poses and mist added in to make it look `` mystic '' . I was hoping the movie would be more entertaining than the cover art led on . Sadly it was n't . Here we get the `` PG-13 / Karate Kid wanna-be '' version of American Ninja . David Bradley -LRB- American Ninja 3 & 4 -RRB- returns but this time he plays a different character . He plays Joe Castle and not Sean Davidson from American Ninja 3 & 4 . I found that to be a little strange , but oh well . One of his friends -LRB- the guy from the Karate Kid series no less -RRB- drops off his grandson -LRB- named Hiro -RRB- for Bradley to look after . Bradley reluntantly agrees and even takes the kid on a date he has that night . His date gets kidnapped by , take a wild guess , a bunch of ninja and he and the annoying Hiro kid go off to South America to rescue her . This is where the story rips-off American Ninja 2 . The Ninja are using Bradley 's ` girlfriend ' -LRB- even though he only new her for a day -RRB- as blackmail so her father will create a deadly gas . Snore , been there , done that , and better.Another bummer is that now the great fight sequences are gone . The fights from the previous Ninja enstallments are more tamed down , kid friendly battle scenes with Hiro making stupid comments every now and then . It 's as if the filmmakers were targeting fans of the Karate Kid series instead of fans the violent R-Rated American Ninja franchise . Mistake.To top it off , the music is some of the worst I have ever heard and belongs more to a made for cable Disney movie than a martial arts film.If you ca n't tell , this is the Disney version of an American Ninja film . Hell I thought any minute I would see Herbie the Love Bug driving down the street to great our heros . Only buy this DVD if your a completest . Otherwise your better off buying American Samurai , which would have been a far better American Ninja sequel than this tame junk .
 When I heard of American Ninja 5 for the first time a few years ago , I thought to myself , I loved the first 4 , I got to find this one . Well it 's a good thing I did n't since I saw it one late night on Spike TV . Apparently it 's a kiddie martial arts movie much more similar to 3 Ninjas than American Ninja . What made the people who made this movie decide to deceive people into thinking that this kid friendly ninja movie is a sequel to the rated R action of American Ninja 1-4 ? I suppose they wanted to capatalize on the success on 3 Ninjas and slap on the title of American Ninja at the same time actually thinking they would make more money or something.It 's not rated R , and David Bradley does n't even play Sean Davidson this time . Maybe Michael Dudikoff was n't available this time again like in part 3 and they thought , everyone wants to see a kid friendly movie instead of the 2 American ninjas teaming up again . What a joke . Instead they team up Bradley as a new character with a 10 year old who , although good at martial arts , but c'mon , he 's 10 . And if I remember correctly , there was actually ninja on rollerskates in this movie . Oh yeah , and the leader ninja actually wears a cape . Ninja do n't wear capes . He looked more like an Asian Dr. Strange then a ninja.I had heard the original title for this was actually American Dragons . It even had that title when it was on Spike TV . It must have done so bad that before they shipped it to stores they probably changed the title to grab fans of the American Ninja films . Luckily , I was not sucked in , I did n't buy this dvd , I would n't even buy it for a dollar . I might take it for free just to sell it to someone I hate . Actually , I would n't subject anybody to see this and would use it as a coaster instead.I wish I could give this 0 stars because it makes me so upset . Please , I do recommend the first 4 American Ninjas which I have on dvd , but do n't get this . Just look at the ridiculous cover and know it 's terrible . There 's a reason I only mention American Ninja 1-4 to anybody and never mention this . Because this is not a sequel ! This has nothing to do with the first 4 films ! Remember that ! Actually do n't ! Pretend this does n't exist like I do .
 Eight years after its creation , the `` American Ninja '' series released its fourth and final sequel , disappointingly ending its status as one of the more recognizable American martial arts franchises on a dreary note . `` American Ninja 5 '' is a pretty bad , but contrary to its IMDb status , I would n't say it 's one of the worst movies ever made . Aficionados of the first four films need n't bother with this one , though , and neither for the most part do regular action fans , but lovers of camp will be rolling for this one , and that ought to count for something . At least it 's not a boringly bad movie.The story
 I saw this movie on TV , and I have to say that it 's probably not the best movie in the world ... but it 's not the worst , either . So lighten up , peoples ! The Martial Arts is actually pretty good , not as cheesy as Power Rangers style Martial Arts . I know that guy David Bradley is n't a very good actor -LRB- no wonder I have n't seen him in any other movie recently ! -RRB- , but the kid who plays Hiro is the only one -LRB- besides Pat Morita -RRB- , with actual acting talent . Also , the kid who plays Hiro is actually pretty good looking . Anyways , if you 've seen the other AMERICAN NINJA movies , then you can be pretty sure what AMERICAN NINJA 5 is all about . To put a long story short
 This is a low budget with a script that had great promise . This action-packed military movie stars Wesley Snipes and Emma Samms . Both of these actors do an ok job with what they are given to work with . Like another reviewer said , let us be thankful they did not try for any flashbacks to tell back-story in this film.The story line has the U.S.A. being tricked into targeting a fully functional nuclear reactor that was captured by Chechen rebels . And as we watch the missile being launched that will cause massive chaos for the region , if not the world , the Special Ops team led by Snipes figures out a way to stop the disaster from happening in an all to convenient and simple way . Still worth grabbing a bag of popcorn and checking it out from your local library .
 I wrote the draft for this after seeing the film , and before I read any of these reviews , so everything is genuine and from the heart , no intended copying of phrases . I was so miffed by the awfulness of it that I felt I had to commit to `` paper '' . I was looking forward to this after previewing the only wham-bam tankfire action in the film in a local AV store . How disappointing it is to buy the DVD and see the rest of the grunge that surrounds this thin sliver of central action . Stilted and wooden performances from po-faced and chisel-chinned actors and actress , who genuinely seem to be enjoying their roles - NOT ! Not surprising really , as the script and screenplay seem like they were written in a school project exercise -LRB- into plagiarism -RRB- . The same old cliches you 've seen a thousand times before in hero/military machine/incoming missile made-for-video B-flicks are just whizzed round in a blender . Why on earth there 's the -LRB- literally -RRB- running theme of `` Here 's Wesley darting through shrubbery again '' , I 'll never know . Must have fallen asleep at some point . Will the DVD player ever forgive me ? Must redeem myself and put on Black Hawk Down or even Behind Enemy Lines once more . Sorry player .
 This movie is ABSOLUTE NONSENSE ! Comes complete with bad acting , unbelievable plot , bad music , low budget effects , etc. . There is nothing entertaining about this film ... nothing ! The writer and director should suffer a slow , painful death for this . If it came on TV you would change channels within 5 minutes ... Enough said .
 Perhaps Mr. Snipes talent has diminished . This is the second movie that is totally garbage . The other movie -LRB- 7 Seconds -RRB- . Save your money and time . This movie is not worth it !!!!
 I saw his preview and liked what I saw and got it via Netflix . . popped it in my dvd . . within FIRST min . . I stopped it and took it out . . Only reason . . this movie . . TOO CHEAP to add the feature for close caption or subtitles for deafies like me . . Forget it . . if thats the way they want . . No more renting any movies from this movie production company .
 One of the worst movies made in the last 100 years .
 Simply put , this is a bad movie . Low budget . A script with as much substance as smoke . I was given this movie . I am going to give it back .
 Like other reviewers , I pulled this one off the shelf because I enjoy watching Wesley Snipes.Mistake.Usually if a movie is bad , I 'll shut it off immediately . This one was SO bad that I could n't turn it off ... it was like watching a train wreck . The editing was horrible . I 've seen better stuff on YouTube . Actors would be in one position , then a moment later , they 'd be in a completely different position.The story-line had HUGE gaps in it , and spent time introducing events that had little/no relevance to the overall plot . And then there was some allusion to some romance between Snipes ' and Emma Sams ' characters that made absolutely no sense.Worst of all , if I was an Army Ranger , I would sue this production company . This movie made the Rangers look little better than Keystone cops . I actually laughed out loud at two lines which I 'm quite sure were not intended to be funny . -LRB- `` What 's your name ? '' and `` I 'm outta here ! '' -RRB- Absolutely ridiculous movie.Skip it .
 The Marksman misses on all points . This movie was so bad that I had to prop toothpicks under my eyes to keep myself awake . Snipes has apparently signed a multimovie contact with Castel Films -- the same outfit that fatso Steven Seagal now works for -LRB- keep in mind too , that Seagal now denies he makes films with Castel , he knows they suck so bad -RRB- . The story was ridiculous , the combat was silly -LRB- I love the fact that military stock footage was spliced into the film -- if anyone looks closely you will see scenes that originally appeared in TOP GUN and US NAVY SEALS !! -RRB- , the acting was so stupid it seemed that Wesley was falling asleep himself through scenes , and where -- just where did they get Emma Sams for this ? What pile of washed up actors did they scrape her up from ? She delievers her lines like she was still learning acting in high school . Not that the script helped either!Snipes ho-hommed his way through this film and obviously did it for the cash , possibly to bail himself out of the multi-million dollars he owes the government in back taxes . He really would be better off giving up acting and taking the nightjob at the 711 near my house . I 'd love to speak to him and find out -- just how did he fall from grace !?? Shame on you Wes ! Give it up already !
 BAD , BAD , BAD ... . Does not deserve the one star i gave it . poor acting , cheesy lines and a dismal plot . Infact I found this film so intresting that half way through I reallised that I had missed 10mins while thinking about a good film !
 I resent the comment of the reviewer who said this is the worst film in 100 years . I make it 200 . The other reviewers have noted the idiotic factual mistakes that makes this such a howler . I just loved the U.S Air Force personnel with Scottish and English accents . They must have overrun the $ 500 budget at that point .
 This is my fault im writing this !! I read the reviews for this film before i watched it , and i had seen the tralier but being such a huge fan of Blade 1,2,3 and all his other movies i thought they cant be true !!!!!! ... how wronge i was :-LRB- Theres no need to go all into it , its been done before . Its just bad , so so so bad !!
 Maybe he needed the dough ? Whatever it is , this movie along with the other one he made -LRB- 7 Seconds -RRB- are pretty bad , 90 minute standard-action crapola .7 Seconds was better than this one , but whoa the stench rotted my entertainment center for days.Sorry Wesley . For what it 's worth ; your not a bad actor . But your agent is selling you off to the lowest bidder -LRB- Incase you did n't know already -RRB- . Good luck
 I fell asleep twice when watching this . There is very little dialog but a lot of background music . Which makes it very boring . I was surprised to see Wesley Snipes in this kind of roll . Save your money go buy some pop tarts and milk .
 Synopsis : With terrorists holding a recently decommissioned Russian nuclear reactor hostage and the possibility of it being reactivated as a bomb , it 's up to the elite US Army Rangers to go in and stop the Terrorists and save their hostages before the worst can happen . The Rangers are joined by the Marksman -LRB- Snipes -RRB- a consummate professional loner as they go in . But not everything is as it seems . When things go awry , only the Marksman can save the day.About the Movie : If my synopsis sounds silly , it 's because this entire movie is . I 'm a fan of Wesley Snipes , so I picked this up when it came out , sight unseen . Bad idea.Unfortunately , this is by far the worst movie I 've seen Wesley Snipes in . He 's been in some mediocre films , indeed , but this one takes the cake . Filled with hammy actors and crippled by a ridiculous screenplay and ridiculously sloppy film editing , this movie screams `` B-movie . `` First off , The whole plot of this movie was just plain silly . Russians allowing the US Military to do an anti-terrorist operation at one of their own nuclear facilities , simply because US citizens were on location ? Russia would never allow such a thing any more than the US would if the situation were reversed . Worse is the suggestion that they 'd allow a military airstike on their soil . And what was up with the air combat ? There was no reason for it but to see stock footage of airplanes flying about.Secondly , the acting by many of the main characters was terrible . Undoubtedly editing and direction had some blame in this as well , but the acting overall was just atrocious . Snipe 's female opposite -LRB- Emma Sams -RRB- was the worst offender of all , her lines delivered with all the conviction of a high school stage performer . It does n't help that her dialog is just poorly written . Most of the movie 's dialog is . And do n't get me started on the attempted `` romance '' between her and Snipes.Thirdly , I hate when movies get things so ridiculously wrong . Since when have any Special Forces run around with heavy , thudding footsteps , clearly visible flashlight beams waving around and talked in full voices while behind enemy lines ? REAL special forces use night-vision , barely audible throat mikes and hand signals , and they also learn how to walk without sounding like the Spanish Inquisition . This movie had those guys running around like they were a bunch of amateurs playing paintball . Worse , their behavior towards one another was just as ridiculous . The Rangers in this movie did n't even pretend to act like a tight knit military unit.Honestly , just a little more attention to these details and the quality of this movie would have jumped up by 3 notches.Fourthly , in a number of spots in this film , the camera direction and film editing was terrible . The most notable occurrence of this was near the end during a firefight . The camera switched from an inside view to an outside view of a window , and in each case , the actor was in different positions and worse , moving completely differently . It was distracting and glaringly bad . This happened in a number of other places . Editing film is an art , and in this case , someone was using a preschooler 's fingerpaints.Yeah , this movie was just bad . It 's the sort of movie you get a bunch of friends together to watch and make fun of the entire time . The sad part is that this movie takes itself so seriously . Wesley Snipes must be desperate for a job to take on this garbage . Frankly , his performance in this movie is so unmemorable , that you could have slotted in just about anyone and it would have come out the same.About the DVD : The Marksman comes in a standard plastic snap case . Overall picture and sound were decent and really I did n't notice any major issues with either.Other features included a single aternate language track and a complete lack of subtitles , something I found a little odd . Likewise , the special features on this disk are not special at all , consisting only of theatrical trailers.Clearly there was minimum effort put into this DVD release.Bottom Line : The DVD is bare bones and the movie , well , do n't bother unless you LIKE watching turkeys . This movie is pretty bad . Do n't say I did n't warn you . A 1 star movie and DVD release .
 This movie is simply a cookie-cutter , straight-to-video , low budget , poorly acted stinker . I like Snipes , especially in the Blade trilogy . To see him in this film -LRB- though you do n't see as much of him as you might think - he may have 20 lines of dialogue throughout -RRB- is really embarrassing after seeing his better work . I guess all actors take some jobs for the money , and all I can say is that I hope he got a boatload for this one . Emma Sams , the lead female actress , does such a poor American accent , that she almost seems as though her dialog was dubbed in . The rest of the actors are directly out of the B-list and placed in sterotypical roles that are boring and predictable . And the military scenes ? Ugh . This film was written/directed/produced / advised by folks with just enough knowledge of the military and operations to be dangerous . For example , the captain of the US aircraft carrier USS Eriske -LRB- or something like that -RRB- wears a hat that says `` SSN Eriske '' - for those in the know -LRB- and many who are n't -RRB- , an SSN is a nuclear powered SUBMARINE . Not a carrier . Screw ups like that are prevalent throughout the movie - to include the almost total lack of hand signals during tactical movement on target by the `` Ranger '' team sent in with Snipes - everyone seems to prefer to operate by the ultra-covert `` talk in your normal tone of voice when the enemy is nearby '' tactic -LRB- haha -RRB- . And the individual Rangers seem to get to follow their own orders if they do n't feel like following the orders of their senior officers -LRB- `` I 'm outta here ! '' is one memorable line -RRB- Oh well . It may be worth a rental if you are a big Snipes fan , or if you have 90 minutes of your life you do n't need or want back.On the one positive note - the movie location scout did a great job - the `` set '' which actually appears to be in Russia or one of the Russian republics , is actually pretty cool , and may even be the saving grace of this film .
 Got the movie and was very excited at the prospect of a Wesley Snipes action spectacular . The editing is horrible , the props -LRB- fake MP-5 's , fake UZI 's , helicopters that are obviously been cheaped out - could not even afford a huey . -RRB- - the action sequences are few and far between.If you are looking for an action movie - skip this one . If you are drunk and looking to lose 2 hours of your life that you will never get back - or suffer from insomnia - watch this POS .
 You know a film is bad when you ca n't even finish watching it .1 . Russians do n't fly F-16s or Northrop Tigersharks2 . Used airial combat scenes from Top Gun , Navy Seals and Iron Eagle .3 . Used ground explosions from Iron Eagle4 . SpecOp Forces do n't manuever around like they are playing on a paintball range .5 . Editing was horrid -LRB- Airial cut scenes from films that take place in the middle eastern desert then jumps to what look like Pennsylvania woods -RRB- 6 . Acting was so bad I started to chuckle at the cheesey lines and delivery .7 . Plot would be better suited for a computer game .8 . Captain of the ` USS Oakla ' -LRB- no such ships exists -RRB- has a hat with SSN depicting his CARRIER 's Class ; well SSN means the hull classification symbol used by the United States Navy for an attack submarine that is propelled by nuclear energy , such as the Los Angeles-class of attack SUBMARINES.This was as far as I got , about 50 minutes into the film . I 'm no critic and can enjoy a film for what it is but this was the most slapped together garbage I have ever seen .
 Sad to see films like this mess get the backing of the studios when little films of far greater significance and value lie in languor . This story -LRB- bad guys in a foreign country get close to atomic capabilities that would threaten the world until one turnaround soldier man saves the day and the globe -RRB- has been told so many times that the audience can sing along . The use of a lot of night shooting is obviously well considered as there is n't much to see anyway.What happened to the Wesley Snipes who used to make really interesting films ? Obviously the producers felt his star power could drive this dud as the remainder of the cast is unknown -LRB- though many seem to be really fine actors without the benefit of a script -RRB- . Thought about not wasting time reviewing this film , but then on the other hand , if enough people speak out about the bad movies that just keep coming down the pike , perhaps the studios and theaters will begin to pay attention . Grady Harp , October 05
 ` Marksman ' is not as bad as you might believe after reading so many negative reviews ... well , at least , what the film is struggling to be is not that bad . The problem is , you need much more money than is spent here , to make a decent action film based on this script , which encompasses a wide variety of action film elements that have been seen in such films as ` Behind Enemy Lines . ` Wesley Snipes plays `` Painter , '' a laconic , sullen , and deadly special agent who is sent to a nuke plant in Russia with other elite soldiers . He must set a homing beacon for the missile attack AND save the life of the seven American scientists held as hostage there . ` Marksman ' is surely a slick action film , but `` slick '' here merely means it does not spend too much time on Painter 's past activities in Bosnia , or the relation with his ex-lover and senior officer played by Emma Samms . Fortunately the film has no lengthy flashbacks or anything that might delay the actions , and I personally find no problem with their acting or casting . The idea of US military officers speaking with British accent is not very effective even in the direct-to-video actions , but you can just stop paying attention to it.The real problem is the film 's unimpressive actions . They include several explosions , air battle , shoot-outs , and a tank running wild after a poor Russian , but none of them really works . I hate to say this , but the action sequences are mostly thrill-free , with terribly edited shots borrowed from action scenes of other better films . See for example the dogfight that tries to be as exciting as summer season blockbusters , but you know it only disappoints us when the film repeats the same footage , replaying the same cheesy explosion.Many other reviewers have already pointed out the numerous plot holes and factual inaccuracies of the film . No film can be totally from goofs , I know , but the countless goofs in ` Marksman ' and its badly edited sequences suggest that the film company either experienced a troubled production , or they just did not know what to do with its results . Either way , it remains true that ` Marksman ' marks the career decline of Wesley Snipes who needs another ` Blade ' very quickly .
 I have n't seen nearly every Wesley Snipes movie ever made , so I ca n't speak for his entire filmography , but in my experience , this is definitely the worst starring vehicle of his that I 've watched . Apparently , a lot of this one 's lackluster quality can be blamed on problems in production that hindered writing and shooting the flick , but I do n't think it had a lot of potential to begin with . Snipes has gone the direct-to-video , shot-in-eastern-Europe track before , butother timeshe had the luck of ending up with a halfway-decent flick . As luck would have it , this time it 's just a slow , dreary military-based outing that could have been made with just about anybody in the lead role.The story
 I dont use all caps much , but this one is well deserving of that title . What a waste of time . Let me break it down : Screenplay
 Not much . In fact , nothing at all . At least when it comes to this piece of worst documentary I 've ever seen . The movie starts with a narration from Leonard Nimoy of Star Trek . This is just a teaser to get you to rent or buy this worthless video . After the first few minutes , you 'll never hear from your Mr. Spock again . He must have quit once he realized what an unprofessional piece of work this was turning into.Did you know that I 'm the first to write a review for this movie ? That makes me very special and an important historical figure . Oh , You do n't think so ? Well , the movie thinks so . Its main focus is on the first woman in space , the first non-white in space , the first this , the first that until your head starts spinning . Then comes the talk about the suppression of women and why things are n't always 50-50 everywhere you look . It 's so unfair that for every man who looked at the sky , there was n't a woman counterpart.Then comes a sexy female astronaut who does n't like Star Trek or any space movies at all . She just wants to be famous . She wants to be the first Arab in space . But she wants to leave USA and join Russian space agency.Then comes the educational part of the movie where they interview some of the most brilliant minds on Earth -LRB- yes that 's how they introduced them -RRB- . Here , for example , we learn that there is -LRB- not there 's been -RRB- 8 billion people living on Earth -LRB- BTW , the video was made several years ago in 2006 -RRB- . Another super genius in this movie is the behind the scene person who did the sound editing . The music is so laud that often you ca n't hear what they 're saying . The theme is from some scary movie when a guy is just talking about some mundane stuff , and then the theme changes to mellow or Waltz music when things get serious and we are expected to become excited.We are also shown numerous snippets from almost any classic bad space movie ever made . We must see those scenes so they cut out in the middle of the interview , go to those ridiculous irrelevant movie cuts , then resume the interview . But again the music is so laud and distracting that you wo n't understand what on Earth -LRB- or beyond -RRB- the guy is talking about.Then we have to watch children play and sing a UFO song . At that time we are introduced to the concept of `` young children '' and their role in the future space explorations when they 're no longer `` young children '' . I do n't know , I thought all children were young . Do we have old children too ? Maybe the producer/writer of this video thinks we do , or is one of them!Close to the end of this masterpiece , We also learn that there 's a possibility of intelligent life in space . That 's all . Well , one thing I learned by watching this documentary was that surely there was no sign of any intelligence in this video .
 this being a mediocre television hack . an ego ridden actor , and former new yorker who has never risen above that level either live or in media , and never will .
 I THINK THE WHOLE APPEAL TO THE JAPANESE GHOST STORY IS DEAD . I LIKED THE RING , I LIKED GRUDGE BUT AFTER THAT I REALLY CA N'T TAKE ANYMORE . THE CONCEPT IS DEAD , IS BEEN PLAYED OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN TO THE POINT IT 'S NOT SCARY ANYMORE.SHUTTER IS ANOTHER REMAKE OF A JAPANESE FILM . THIS TIME AROUND THE SPOOKY WHITE JAPANESE GHOST GIRL IS HAUNTING THE CAMERA . HER DEATH IMAGE IS CAPTURED IN FILM EVERY TIME PHOTOGRAPHER BENJAMIN SHAW -LRB- JOSHUA JACKSON -RRB- TAKES A PICTURE . NEWLY WEDS JANE AND BENJAMIN MOVE TO JAPAN FOR BENJAMIN 'S CAREER . THERE JANE STARTS TO SEE IMAGES OF A GIRL , NO THIS IS NOT A LESBIAN FANTASY ALTHOUGH THIS MOVIE WOULD HAVE BEEN A WHOLE HELL OF A LOT BETTER WITH A SHOT OF GIRL ON GIRL ACTION , BUT INSTEAD YOU GET THE BASIC LOOK AT ME I AM A GHOST THAT MOVES REAL FAST AND APPEARS OUT OF NOWHERE . AS JANE EXPLORES SHE COMES TO FIND OUT A GREAT MYSTERY AND CRIME THAT HAS TAKEN PLACE.THE MOVIE IS VERY SLOW PACED . I THINK WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THE AMERICAN RE-MAKE HAPPENS , BESIDES THE RING AND THE GRUDGE WHICH I THINK HELD IT 'S SPOOKY NATURE , BUT WITH THE EYE , RING 2 , GRUDGE 2 AND ALSO THIS ONE THEY LOST THAT CREEPY JAPANESE FEEL TO THEM . THIS MOVIE IS BORING AND TO LONG . ONLY THREE MOMENTS STOOD OUT IN THE WHOLE MOVIE AND REALLY THEY COULD NOT EVEN SAVE THIS PUSHED TOGETHER PILE OF USELESS CINEMA.THERE IS A REALLY COOL SHOT OF A FLY CRAWLING UNDERNEATH THE SKIN AND IT COMES OUT THE EYE . ANOTHER SHOT A FRENCH KISS FROM HELL WITH A DECAYING TONGUE WAS A GREAT OVER THE TOP MOMENT . ALSO A SHOT OF A DECAYING GHOST WANTING TO HAVE SEX WORKED IN A VERY ODD WAY.THIS MOVIE HAS NO REAL BASIS TO EVEN WANT TO BE WATCHED . IF YOU 'RE A DIE HARD FAN OF JOSHUA JACKSON THEN GIVE IT AGO , HIS PERFORMANCE WAS VERY WELL ACTED AND BROUGHT THE MOVIE TOGETHER . RACHAEL TAYLOR IS HOT AND IS NOT BAD TO LOOK AT AND THAT IS ANOTHER APPEAL TO THIS PLASTIC LOOKING MOVIE , IT 'S BEAUTIFULLY SHOT . THE IMAGES AND PLACES CAPTURED BY THE CAMERA LENS BRINGS OUT A LIVING ARTISTIC BEAUTY THAT YOU SEE IN MOST JAPANESE FILMS . I ENJOYED WATCHING THIS JUST TO SAY I WATCHED IT AND WAS ABLE TO TELL OTHERS THAT IT 'S REALLY NOT WORTH THE TWO FIFTY TO RENT IT OR NETFLIX IT . I SAY GIVE IT AGO IF IT 'S ON CABLE BUT OTHER THEN THAT A PURE WASTE OF MONEY.DO YOURSELF A HUGE FAVOR , AVOID THIS ONE AND WATCH THE ORIGINAL WHICH IS A HUNDRED TIMES BETTER THEN THIS ONE AND IS A GOOD SPOOK WATCH .
 To put it quite simply , this movie did n't really catch my Eye . In fact , it did n't Ring true to the horror genre , and I may hold a Grudge.I sincerely hope that everyone who watches this film catches onto my gist . This is yet another in the long line of unoriginal Japanese horror remakes in which the actors paint by the numbers , the `` scares '' can be seen from orbit , and several unintentionally comical scenes -LRB- more so than the gore or original scenes evoking , you know , horror -RRB- carry the film between the ubiquitous regurgitated clich&eacute;s.After their wedding , Ben Shaw -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- and his wife Jane -LRB- Rachael Taylor -RRB- move to Japan to pursue Ben 's career as a fashion photographer . After Jane plows through a random Japanese girl on the highway , and a subsequent investigation takes place , the couple proceed to their Honeymoon where Ben appears unfazed . Because nothing says Honeymoon like post vehicular manslaughter romance . Soon thereafter Ben 's first big shoot goes awry , and the couple spend the next hour or so investigating perplexing white splotches on the photos that look mysteriously like reflections of dust particles or perhaps photographed moisture . Needless to say , Ben could have saved a lot of time if he had simply figured out how to focus his camera and use the F-Stop . The predictable cause/effect unravels into a revenge plot in which a specter tightens sphincters , and I laughed at the unintentional comedy . The pinnacle of this hilarity takes place when Ben photographs himself only to find the Japanese spirit sitting on his shoulders . Naturally he wrestles himself like a bad Fight Club remake . I kid you not.Insert random light and/or sound change for cheap -LRB- read
 The only thing worse than reading a book that is 300 pages that should have been 200 pages is watching a movie that is 100 minutes long , that felt like 3 hours long , that should have been 60 minutes long . Wait , there is something worse ... trying to watch a HORROR movie an having to sit through two lame pseudo-sex scenes before anything HORROR related even starts to happen . Shutter is based on a good premise gone wrong by trying to translate it for an American audience . I am no fan of all these Asian-remake horror flicks . It was done right ONCE with The Ring ... let it go . Another problem ... how could an actress who was good in Transformers have totally forgotten how to ACT ??? I wo n't even mention the rest of the cast , becasue they were clueless . The only saving grace of this movie was the ending , not just becasue it was over , but becasue it was actually good . That is the ONLY reason it gets two stars . Too bad you have to sit through the rest of this garbage to get to the ending . WASTE OF TIME !!!
 Shutter -LRB- Masayuki Ochiai , 2008 -RRB- You know , it 's funny reading IMDB commentary on remakes of Asian horror films ; it often seems like half the commenters are unaware the movie is a remake , and the other half are attacking the movie for things that are identical to the original film and talking about how bad they 're messed up in the remake . It makes you wonder if anyone has seen either version . Well , I have . Both of them , in fact . And for an American remake , Shutter is actually not awful . Like most American remakes of Asian horror films , however , it is entirely unnecessary.Ochiai , whose last film was the highly underrated Infection , comes eastward to direct this remake of the 2004 Thai film of the same name . In this version , which is relatively faithful to the original , a photographer named Ben Shaw -LRB- Fringe 's Joshua Jackson -RRB- and his new wife -LRB- Transformers ' Rachael Taylor -RRB- go back to Ben 's old stomping grounds in Tokyo for Ben to take a photography assignment . On the way to the cabin where they 're going to spend their honeymoon , Jane sees a woman in the middle of the road and hits her . When the police come , however , they can find no trace of her . Soon she starts turning up in every photograph the two of them take , and Jane realizes she has to figure out who the woman is and why she 's stalking them before things turn fatal.Ochiai is a very competent director , as Infection showed , and unlike many imported directors , being in Hollywood seems to have done nothing to suppress his abilities ; Shutter is a well-executed movie in almost every regard . -LRB- There will be some scenes that people who have seen the original will understand better than people who did n't ; the movie 's shorter running time is to blame , given that otherwise the film is almost slavishly faithful , save a change of location and a change in the ethnicity of the main characters . -RRB- The only problem ? Trying to figure out why Roy Lee , the entrepreneur behind at least a quarter of the remakes -LRB- both Asian and non - -RRB- to come out of Hollywood in the seven years since the Ring remake , persists in not understanding that simply releasing the Asian films theatrically in America will make him just as much money . Probably more , given that in most cases , the original films are far better than the remakes . -LRB- And yet when we do get foreign horror films theatrically released in America , we get such overrated and undertalented crap as Haute Tension , one of the worst movies of the past decade , and Darkness . -RRB- Sure , there 's the small subset of the moviegoing populace who wo n't sit still for subtitles . -LRB- That 's why there were so many dubbed films in the seventies ; really , you could release it both ways , given how many movies play on multiple screens in the same theatre these days , and let the customer choose . -RRB- But just skimming the reviews for these movies , and reading what people have to say about them on message boards all over the Internet , should be telegraphing to Roy Lee and his compatriots that most of us would much rather have a chance to see the originals on the big screen . And really , are you going to tell me the twenty-five mil Shutter made in America during its theatrical run even came close to covering production costs?Please , sir , just give us the originals . I bet you 'd make a lot more money that way , and really , is n't that what you 're all about ? Masayuki Ochiai could have been working on another movie all this time , and it would probably have been better . **
 The string of PG-13 rated Japanese horror remakes seem to be dwindling with each passing year , with Shutter -LRB- along with The Eye -RRB- being one of the more recent . Joshua Jackson -LRB- Dawson 's Creek -RRB- and Rachael Taylor -LRB- Transformers -RRB- star as a newlywed couple in Tokyo who become haunted by the vengeful spirit of a woman that has been quite wronged . What little that Shutter offers in the way of twists and turns end up being rather predictable instead , as do any attempt to achieve anything that could be possibly considered scary or even remotely creepy . By this time , we 've seen it all , and seen it all done much better as well -LRB- and as much as I despise many of these remakes , nearly all the originals they are based on are more than worth seeing themselves -RRB- . Jackson and Taylor do the best they can with what they have , which is n't much in the least either . All in all , Shutter is just plain bad no matter how you look at it , and by all means is to be avoided .
 Some spoilers ahead ... Okay , the plot is simple enough . A newlywed couple go from the U.S. to Japan for the guy 's photography assignment , apparently run over a woman who then can not be found , start working , get haunted , freak out a lot , and then the wife finally discovers , after they are back home , that the girl haunting her hubby and killing off his friends was actually the victim of sexual attacks and blackmail by said men . The wife wisely leaves him , and the man pretty much lobotomizes himself , still unable to get rid of the vengeful ghost.Yeah , so ? How is this any different from the other pale remakes of much scarier and more subtle Japanese originals ? I do n't remember being scared at all by this one . Not once . I did , however , find my mind wandering several times .
 When it was in theaters I was considering on seeing it , but did n't get a chance ... then I was at my friend 's house last night felt like watching a scary movie so we bought it on demand & ended up being a total waste it was barely scary & terrible ending nd the plot was n't really thought out at all ... basically DO N'T SEE IT OR BUY IT
 First off , let me say that I love horror films and remakes as such , but this has to be one of the most horrific movies I have viewed recently -LRB- ironic , is n't it -RRB- . The plot is uninteresting , there 's too much of a gap between the `` scary '' scenes -LRB- which are n't even scary , just laughable -RRB- , the casting is poor , the acting is below average , and that 's just to say a few things . I 'm glad that I got this as a free rental because I would n't have wanted to waste any money on this . It 's bad enough that I wasted an hour and a half of my time watching this garbage . I kept waiting for something to happen and it never did . I would n't recommend this under any circumstances . They ought to be ashamed of themselves creating this because The Ring was a fantastic movie and The Grudge was a decent movie . If you want to see a movie of this type that 's done well , try The Eye with Jessica Alba . I was interested the entire time and the characters were believable .
 I do n't see how any hardcore horror fan could NOT have seen every plot point coming.This may contain spoilers , but not really , since it 's all predictable.SHUTTER begins with a young couple running over a woman . I assumed right off that bat that the car victim was a ghost . Minutes later , they ca n't find the body . At this point , EVERY VIEWER should KNOW for certain that it was a ghost.Yet the film spends about an hour , with `` spooky '' happenings while the wife investigates , before we `` learn '' that -- the car victim was already dead ! -- she must have been a ghost !!! It was also obvious to me , way early one , that the ghost had met with foul play -- at the hands of hubby and his friends . And sure enough , the final `` twist '' is that the wife learns that hubby helped rape the woman and drove her to suicide.What made THE RING remake so great was that it turned such ghost conventions on its head . Normally , the ghost stops haunting once mortals discover its body or learns its secrets . That did n't happen in THE RING.But SHUTTER is no RING . SHUTTER does have some nice -LRB- albeit stylistically derivative of THE GRUDGE -RRB- cinematography . It 's a competent film , so I 'm giving it two stars.Even so , the film is so unoriginal , with such uninteresting characters -LRB- not likable or unlikable , just uninteresting -RRB- , that my mind kept wandering .
 I wish I could get back the past ninety minutes I wasted on this completely un-scary `` horror '' movie . I even rented the Unrated version thinking it would be the best one . Well it might be , for third graders who 've never seen any horror movie for the past thirty years . I can only imagine what a slog the PG-13 version is ! Every cliche you can think of is in this movie . Every.single.one . If this was made for horror fans then my intelligence was just severely insulted . I kept waiting for scenes to payoff only to be strung along a little more until the completely predictable and groan inducing ending . This wanted to be some kind of ghostly Fatal Attraction but failed miserably . As a horror buff nothing angers me more than a boring horror movie . I 'll even take a so-bad-its-good one , but boring ? I want to break things.In 1978 a man by the name of John Carpenter changed horror movies forever with his use of widescreen in the movie `` Halloween '' . You as the audience could see Michael Myers coming before the characters in the movie did . It was a cheap trick but it drove moviegoers crazy ! It became a guaranteed way to get audiences to fling their popcorn . One of the more popular appearances of this is the old open-the-bathroom-mirror-then-shut-it-and-in-the-background-is-the-ghost / killer . However , we are all in on the gotcha and have been for years . We can still fall for it but it does n't satisfy like it used to . It 's become lazy filmmaking . That 's what I think of `` Shutter '' ... lazy filmmaking . I imagine this was based on another Japanese original and if that was styled basically the same then the US has to stop importing them ... like now . Sure `` The Ring '' and `` The Grudge '' were scary , to me anyway , when they first came out but enough 's enough . We 're scraping the bottom of the barrel now .
 I am catching up on movies sitting in my collection that I bought and have n't watched while I am off for summer and it seems like I have stumbled upon a trend . Last week I finally got to `` Gothica '' and in that movie , there is a dark road , a car , and a girl standing in the middle of the road waiting to be hit . This movie , starts out about the same way . The comparisons do n't stop there.The cover says to `` prepare yourself for bone chilling terror '' packed with shocking scenes not shown in theaters . I did n't see anything remotely shocking or new here . Rated PG teen movie except for maybe the main twist at the end.And how about a little truth in advertising ? Bonus selections include `` a twisted alternate ending you must see to believe . '' So I had to see it . It was n't much different than the one used in the final cut.Kinda boring . Just my take .
 Remaking Japanese horror movies seems to be the latest filmmaking trend these days and `` Shutter '' is no exception to the rule . The Japanese are a highly superstitious people concerning the paranormal and their fascination and/or reverence for it clearly comes across in their films . To that degree , they are the leaders in the horror film genre and always manage to be more creepy and hair-raising than their American counterparts . Filmmakers here in the States must 've figured that out long ago and are seeking to profit from it . It 's a shame really , but then again , is n't imitation the sincerest form of flattery ? It must be , since so many of these Japanese filmmakers are sanctioning these remakes.Take for example the one that started it all
 When I go out looking for a flick to see , I go with one of 3 catigories
 ** 1/2While on their honeymoon in Japan , a professional American photographer -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- and his new bride -LRB- Rachel Taylor -RRB- run over a young woman who , for some inexplicable reason , just happens to be standing in the middle of a deserted country road in the dead of night . Soon , the victim - the obligatory pasty-faced , stringy-haired brunette in a nightie - is haunting the couple 's pictures in the form of a `` spirit photo , '' first hanging around the edges of the images , then - when the novelty of that wears off - appearing to the couple in corporeal form , and generally making a first-class nuisance of herself.As thrillers go , there are more shutters than shudders in this slick Hollywood remake of a well-received Thai film from 2004 . The storyline and imagery in this version are so reminiscent of other films in the genre that I kept feeling , as I was watching it , that I had seen this exact same movie before -LRB- and , no , I have n`t seen the original -RRB- . The derivative nature of the film hampers our enjoyment of even the few moderately suspenseful scenes director Masayuki Ochiai has been able to wring out of this shopworn material . All told , the movie does n't add up to much more than a handful of creepy photos combined with a soupcon of spirit-world hocus pocus - though the worm-turning twist ending is pretty darn satisfying , I must admit .
 This movie was so pathetic it 's beyond pathetic , entering a stage of ultimate patheticness that could be pooled together to annihilate the entire planet.There is nothing , NOTHING , scary about the `` scary girl '' in this movie . Compared to The Ring and The Grudge girl she is really a joke . All the `` scary '' moments are nothing but cheesy and stupid , and the actors are unlikeable at best . Very VERY formulaic story also.The only scary thing about this movie is the resulting suicidal tendencies that develop as you become willing to do anything to escape the torture of watching it .
 Version
 I was very , VERY disappointed in Shutter . Was looking forward to it since I seen the trailer . How can they make the trailer look so good and make the movie so BAD ??? LAME & Bord me most this flick ! . I love Ghost stories , but this Ghost & scrpit did n't scare me or get me even in edge my seat at least !! Most Ghosts in horror movies have a evil looks and scare , but this one was lame & most the times corny & laughable ! I seen the twist coming from a mile away . Most likely everybody did . The acting was average . The last 10 minutes AND ending was REAL laughable & I am still laughing , what the corny ending & B.S they come up with !!! SKIP THIS LAME GARBAGE ! C
 `` Shutter '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- remake of Thai horror film of the same name made in 2004 , is a typical case of a Hollywood studio meddling with the production . The story of the newly-weds , American photographer Ben -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- and Jane -LRB- Rachel Taylor -RRB- , haunted by a female `` yurei '' during their honeymoon in Japan could have been a unique take of a ghost story . Instead , what you get here is a very boring film with its first half going on and on forever , and some effective twists and turns that happen too late.As to the plot of the film , please read the reviews of the original Thai film . Without giving away any spoilers , I only add that according to the interview with director Masayuki Ochiai -LRB- which I found in a pamphlet I bought at theater in Japan -RRB- , he insisted that Ben and Jane should NOT call the police after one significant event that happens early in the film , but the studio refused it , saying no American audiences would relate to the protagonists acting like that.It is a big mistake , because by doing so , the sense of guilt that was essential to the original story is gone , making the subsequent development of the plot pointless . Ochiai tries his best , using set-pieces involving scares and deaths , but most of them look random and disconnected , even sometimes unintentionally funny , making the process of finding the horrible truths less convincing and shocking.The remake has better production designs and better cinematography tahn the original . And Megumi Okina plays the creepy yurei -LRB- you know what I mean -RRB- which is pretty impressive . Otherwise , like `` Pulse '' or `` One Missed Call , '' I can see no reason the original should be remade .
 In a nutshell , Shutter is nothing new if you 're familiar with Asian influenced horror flicks like The Ring or The Grudge . The same scare tactics , the same visual effects , even the same actors ! Megumi Okina , who played in main character in Ju-on , portrays the ghostly character in this film . Except for a few , very minor twists , anyone who 's seen The Ring , The Grudge , One Missed Call , etc. . can see what 's coming a mile away . Not to stay that the overall story or plot is actually bad , but as far as originality goes , this film does n't even really come close . The acting , which is n't amazing , is n't horrible either . However , I got ta say that Joshua Jackson performances can just be plain boring or lethargic at times . In closing , this film might be a hit with someone who 's new to this kind of genre , and who knows , if this movie had been made before a few of these other Asian horror flicks were made , I might be a bit impressed , cause again , this is n't bad of a film . But the fact is that this film is just more of the same stuff that I 've seen before , with not enough originality to make it any more memorable than the rest of these other flicks out there , gives me no other choice but pretty much disregard it .
 Not since Thirteen Ghosts -LRB- 2001 -RRB- have I seen a movie that is SO loud . Here , they made the `` jumpy '' scenes so loud so it would scare people -LRB- mind you this is coming from someone who LOVES going to concerts , especially the best band ever Iron Maiden -RRB- . That aside , Shutter is like an alarm clock in an empty room . It goes off for a bit , but then after a while , it does its job and shuts up because nobody cares , and nobody , yes , nobody even has a CLUE that it turned off ... let alone even turned on in the first place.Shutter is a remake of a Thai film of the same name , except this time directed by a Japanese filmmaker -LRB- kinda like the Grudge , except Takashi Shimizu had directed the previous one too -RRB- . You may recognize the director 's name , Masayuki Ochiai , if you have a knack for Japanese horror films , because he had already directed Infection -LRB- back in 2004 , part of the J-Horror theater series -RRB- , which , from what I 've been hearing , is a good movie even for it 's genre . Shutter is n't . And while I must admit I did find the concept remotely interesting -LRB- spirit photography -RRB- , like most horror movies nowadays , is poorly executed . -LRB- Warning , this may contain spoilers -RRB- So the story goes
 I am not going to waste any more of my time with this movie as I have wasted 90 minutes of my life already ; so , this is going to be short and to the point : Cons : Not scary -- at all . Any scene that tries to be scary is so corny , you will actually laugh at it instead of jumping in fear.Poorly acted.CGI graphics are of poorer quality than you would see on your cable tv channels.Predictable story -- poor attempt at keeping you guessing as to why this girl is after them.Pros : It ends.One of the worst movies I have seen in years .
 As with most of endless remakes of J-horror movies , Shutter tells the story of a haunting . In this case a recently married couple who move to Tokyo immediately following their wedding ceremony to pursue a photography job for Ben . On the way , Jane accidentally runs over a girl , although Ben and the authorities deny the event happened . Jane is n't so certain , and when she starts seeing the girl pop up in other places , Jane is convinced she 's being haunted because of her accident.Jane realizes the spirit of the young girl is following them when their honeymoon photos have the traits of the spirit photos , followed by the images her husband takes through his job . It 's when Jane gets pictures from before the couple comes to Tokyo that she realizes that she 's not linked to the haunting figure the way she thought . It 's all irrelevant , however , because the young girl 's spirit is n't limited to being seen through the shutter of a camera when it 's inconvenient for the movie 's story , eventually allowing her to be seen in the reflections of windows , doors , and finally just seen.Shutter is not a thriller . In fact , with the exception of a few jump scares and a little bit of gratuitous gore thrown in to help raise the film 's rating , this is more of a mystery movie . A refreshing change from some of the other remakes , which rely heavily on gore and freaky effects.The problem is almost entirely with the story and pacing of the movie . The cast does a good job with what they have but the credibility the acting gives the movie is drained over time by the slow progress of the story.Shutter may be a bigger disappointment than movies like The Eye or The Grudge that try to horrify and scare the audience more than hold them in suspense . At least with those movies there is some visual candy to help draw the viewer in.Sadly , Shutter is another remake that fails to live up to what I 've heard about the original .
 This is probably the third worst re-make of an Asian horror movie I have had the unfortunate luck and choice of watching -LRB- The first movie I feel was The Ring 2 and the other was The Grudge 2 -RRB- . Another point I like to say is one or two reviewers keep saying how this is a horrible J-horror re-make when an actuality the original is a horror movie from Thailand . This re-make does at least follow most of the original story-plot for the most part and that 's probably one of the few things I can think of that I like about the re-make . The short storyline is that you have three male friends who are all working or living in Japan and seem to be great people but these three have actually committed a horrible crime in their past and have covered it up . Here is where you see one of the three who has recently gotten married and is working for one of the other three friends as a professional photographer . Then the wife starts to see and experience unusual things causing her husband who 's at first skeptical to check it out . After a while the husband and his other two friends start to experience the same phenomenon and than after a few says one of the three friends is killed by some spirit . Of course you 'll learn more of why this is happening to the three male friends and why the wife is part of the spiritual phenomenon too . Some of the actors were n't to bad but in all it seemed to me that most were acting pretty stale and really without any true emotions or feelings in their characters during the movie . So at the end if you truly like Asian horror movies I say stick with the originals and stay away from most of these horrible Hollywood re-makes .
 How do you prove that the dead are communing with the living ? Sometimes it happens when recorded sounds , sometimes through mediums , and sometimes through spirit pictures . What are spirit pictures , you might ask -LRB- such the good question , too -RRB- ? Briefly , they are proof of the other side showcased in photographs . Blurs , faces , entire people ; appearances showcase how emotions never die.And , in the movie Shutter , that is exactly what we have.Instead of giving you a summary of all the plotpoints that are covered in the editorial and in other people 's reviews , I 'll focus on the low point that this movie was . Taken from a great foreign movie -LRB- that you SHOULD watch -RRB- , this remake misses a lot what was originally there and Westernizes it . It makes the mistake that many other Western titles have made while doing this
 `` J Horror '' as in `` junk '' which is what this mess is . Yet another hatchet job on a very intelligent shocker from Thailand but transplanted to Japan for no apparent reason other than to have stupid Americans throw themselves out of high-rise windows . They could have stayed home and done that . I could have stayed home too , except that the movie is what would have gone flying , not me.All the subtlety is gone , replaced by CGI effects that have no clear bearing on the story that , in itself , is confused at best . It 's bearable if you have no demands to make on your own intelligence but otherwise stay away.Everything that the original had going for it , which was EVERYTHING , this mess lacks . I ca n't wait to avoid the next one .
 This very enjoyable flick featuring Boris Karloff as the crackerjack Chinese detective has certainly withstood the test of time , but this cheapjack release from Reel Enterprises will not . This is not even a factory pressed disc ; it is a dvd-r with terrible picture & sound . They even have the company logo in lower corner of screen during film ! This makes the Alpha version look like a Criterion release . I must advise all Wong fans to look elsewhere .
 The Mystery of Mr. Wong , 1939 filmThe movie starts with a view of a foggy bay . A man throws a package from a ship , another man in a boat retrieves it and then lands on a dock . He goes to a mansion and commands the maid . Does the maid have a secret ? There is conflict in this house . That jewel has a curse on it . There is a party that night , Mr. Wong arrives . The owner was threatened with death ! They play a game of charades . A man fires a gun , another man falls . But this is not play acting , Brendan is dead ! The police are called , but they received the call twenty minutes before ! Who tampered with the gun ? The detective questions Harrison about his quarrel with Edwards . He wo n't talk . That letter in the safe is gone ! Mr. Wong tests that letter , it has an unusual paper . The fatal bullet did not come from Harrison 's pistol . It is a murder not an accident . Edwards was changing his will to disinherit his wife.Detective Street questions the people while they are in a group . -LSB- Not realistic ? -RSB- Wong questions the lawyer . Does Sing know something ? A man and a woman talk in the garden . Will the maid send a letter to Wong ? Smoking is n't healthy for one person . Who put a ladder by a window ? Wong borrows a cigarette . The killer is in the house ! Sing ca n't talk to Wong . Wong talks to Detective Street , who goes to the Edwards home . Where is that letter ? Mrs. Edwards goes to see Wong , so does Harrison . Wong knows the facts about Stroganoff . Wong questions the gathered people and names the murderer . Was it the result of family revenge ? Detective Street arrives to arrest the guilty . -LSB- Note the handshake with Wong . -RSB- `` Goodnight Mr. Wong ! '' Then Wong explains how he solved the crime.Can a stolen national treasure be returned to its rightful owner ? This story follows the convention where a powerful and crooked or nasty man ends up as the murder victim . -LSB- An argument for good manners ? -RSB- Followers of the `` Mr. Wong '' series will want to see this , but its not the best of the series .
 A friend of ours gave us this movie for Christmas.The story is very cute , and in the end , the littlest angel -LRB- and all the rest of us -RRB- learns about sacrifice , good works , and sticking by your friends . Those are all wonderful lessons to teach my children.But they will not be watching this again . I endeavor to teach my children about God and his creation , which includes angels and heaven , from what the Bible actually says about them . This story includes too many incorrect elements
 Two stars because this was Jesus Franco 's worse movie and Grindhouse Zombie-ploitation movie . You wonder why this got such a crappy release and no improvement done to the film well that is simply easy because it was so bad no one really cares to improve the picture quality . I never loled so hard at the terrible transfer of this film , you would think the studio who had balls to even to release on DVD would try to improve something but nah , obviously it was released by some 2 cent studio . I would say watch it to see one of the many Grindhouse movies that was so bad that for some reason it was entertaining and the transfer I am talking about is from Around The World Film release . Oh yes even the prime streaming version by Synergy Ent . is terrible -LRB- well pretty much most of Synergy Ent . release are just VHS copies transferred to DVD with no improvements -RRB- . So watch this movie for the LOL .
 This product appears to be a counterfeit . The labeling and packaging are not standard . One of the disks skips . I would not order from this vendor again .
 Season 6 opener , `` The Mastodon in the Room , '' barely references the influence of the group 's separation in Season 5 . For instance , Bones left Washington explicitly because of the Gravedigger case , and the fact that investigating murders was weighing heavy on her conscious , and everyone else in the cast followed suit . Additionally , she was going to make Anthropological History be discovering/proving the missing link in Human Evolution . What has suddenly changed her mind ? Booth went to war in the Middle East as a `` trainer '' specifically so he would not get killed and fail to raise his son Parker , yet in the opener he is clearly leading a very , very dangerous mission - what gives ? Why make him out a liar ? Seriously , when Booth gets back to Washington he tells Parker over breakfast that he would never leave him , but the previous story-line directly contradicts this assertion . Angela is now pregnant but Hodges is initially in the dark , um , he 's supposed to be a brilliant Scientist , yet he conveniently `` forgets '' that lack of contraception during sex is bound to lead to a pregnancy ? Dr. Saroyan , constantly acclaimed as a `` brilliant '' Forensic Pathologist by Caroline Julian in `` The Mastodon in the Room , '' ca n't even establish the racial identity of the male child cadaver in her care ; and , frankly , she comes across as being incompetent both as a Forensic Scientist and as the Chief Administrator of an extremely powerful and Federal Government Bureaucracy . Daisy in an underwear scene , how can anyone take her character seriously ? Sweets at the piano bar , ditto ? Why not pursue the rationale that ended Season 5 in a more powerful way ? When Bones looks back through the taxi cab window at Booth in that last episode of Season 5 , I believed she was fed up with death , and I firmly agreed with her emotional logic . Was I wrong ?
 but hate Amazon per/ep charge ! Hwy robbery ! It 's only $ 7.99 to get access to a ton of shows in HULU + , in HD to boot . Bones is a 5 star show , Amazon 1 star to you !
 I have enjoyed Bones from the git-go , for its sometimes-gritty subject matter , interesting police procedural depictions , and the byplay between the main characters . However , in the sixth season , the series has become a soap opera about relationships , pregancies , and cutesy people occasionally interrupted by the cases . I 'm outta here !
 After seeing the first episode of this season , my husband said he was giving up on the show . He absolutely loved the first four seasons but he could n't take any more of this touchy feely unrequited love stuff for another season , like he did with season five . I gave it till to the second episode to improve but it got worse . What was once a very funny show with Bones and Booth has become as funny as the proverbial heart attack . Even the serious aspects to this CSI but anthropology drama show are now taking a back seat to their love lives . Angela and Hodgkins are so sappy about being in love and expecting that every moment they are onscreen verges on embarrassing . Bones and Booth are now dealing with his new girlfriend but it is plain to see that they are both still in the throes of unrequited love . Again . There is barely any screen time to handle the case by the time we endlessly view this tripe . This show has jumped the shark .
 The DVD was listed as `` like new '' but the DVD skips and it came in a strange case . The first disc in the case skipped terribly . The first episode played with a few skips , but the second and third episodes were not worth trying to watch . It skipped every 10 seconds . As for the case , it was n't the orgiinal - it is made of cheaper material , the front cover was taped on , and it holds 8 DVDs , not 6 . None of the DVDs fit neatly into the case .
 The writers of this show must be moonlighting from their regular jobs on a soap opera . The characters are so poorly developed they make the Real Housevives seem deep in comparision . The stories are cardboard and the ` science ' is about as believable as an episode of The Jetsons . Truly awful and getting worse each season .
 The DVD appeared to be new but had numerous glitches while viewing , as if it had been scratched or used before . Very strange and frustrating .
 I have really tried to like this show , but episode 3 finished it for me . Why in God 's name would any sane young woman want to become a scientist when ` Bones ' has to caper around in a skeleton suit and red tutu ? At least the science guy -LRB- while presented as kind of an idiot -RRB- got a lab coat . The writers must hate science , or women , or both .
 Over half of the episodes were so awful with the Hannah arc and the characters not acting themselves that I ca n't imagine the last few episodes would convince me to buy it.Bones
 If I had wanted to watch an entirely different show than Bones , I would have watched it . Instead I wasted a good thirty minutes when Seely and Temperence were not on screen , and skipped over the weird amalgam of characters that someone thought might be interesting . I want fifty of my ninety-nine cents back ...
 I received order , Bones , The Complete Sixth Season , got to Disc 3 , and it would not load . Tried it on several VCR 's and got the same DISC ERROR message . I attmepted to contact the Seller on three separate occassions via his email address in the span of three months , and never received a response . THIS IS NOT anywhaere near Seller 's service response history , BUT A ONE STAR is my vote . No courtesy of a reply , or any attempt to resolve this issue . DO NOT RECOMOMEND THIS SELLER TO ANYONE !!
 Received the order with no problems , however , there are several discs that have scratches and will not play in DVD player . DVD players skips through content that then can not be viewed . This has now happened on three of the discs associated with the season . The item was supposedly brand new , must not have been stored or mailed properly .
 I was watching a bit of this show and then lost interest the moment that he compared the holocaust to the titanic . Its shameful for a grown man this day in age to be so ignorant when he is standing there up against the american flag and can say to the american audience watching that they shouldnt make another holocaust film after shindlers list cause its already been done its like doing another titanic film . Sorry to enlighten you Mr. Byrne but if you had done your homework , and looked up what you were creating ` jokes about ' you would see that this is not material for a stand up act , and in your case you are classless . The holocaust saw over 8 million men women and children and even babies , MURDERED . there is more than one story to be told in this atrocity . Shame on you for having this sick mind set and for mocking those lives lost . its people like you that I 'm scared will look away when more innocence are brutally robbed of their lives because of prejudice and injustice . I wonder if you would have even bothered to stand up to it if you were born in that era .
 This movie took The Vampires -LRB- 1998 -RRB- James Wood and slimmed it down . Low budget movie with low budget acting . Its not a very good copy to boot . The best part of the movie was the opening credits and I 'm even ashamed to make that reference . Its the part with the most nudity . I ca n't think of a worse waste of time .
 this one pits Kerr Smith and vampire hunter Brendan Fehr up against vampires Jonathan Scheach , Simon Rex and Phina Orchure which the two have a connection with a girl they bit and the 2 boys have her and their all trying to survive . not the worst vampire pick but sure is silly with its slayings and the end is predictable but non the less its an ok view
 I rented it expecting to see a great B-movie , like John Carpenter 's The Thing or something like that.Even taking in consideration the obvious low budget of the movie , nothing can save the fact that this is a complete disgrace . I think the actor can only be blamed for accepting their roles in this piece of wasted film , but not for the failure
 Well , just another movie belonging to the garbage ... . Is this never going to stop ? Is this stupid waste of money going to continue producing mean and vile movies like this one?The main trouble is that there 's no reference anymore at all to at least give a hint to the audience about the real potential of a movie . Money is the only guide to actors , screenwriters and producers to decided where to lend their services.Take , for example , the bad guy in this obnoxious movie , played by Jonathan Schaech . Judging by his very convincing performance in Tom Hanks 's directed THAT THING YOU DO , you could never tell he would be in such a throwaway movie like this.See , I like road movies . I even liked John Carpenter 's VAmpires , with James Woods . But this THE FORSAKEN is beyond description . It 's simply utterly forgetabble .
 This movie is over rated here at Amazon!The movie is nothing but kids stuff ... there is no suspense , thriller or horror ! There is nothing but topless girls and so much blood . Even the make-up is silly.It 's one of the worst movies I ever saw . If I want to name a list of worst thriller movies , it would go like this :1 . The Forsaken .2 . From Dusk til dawn .3 . Scream -LRB- part 3 -RRB- .4 . Blaire Witch Project -LRB- part 2 -RRB- . Be warned . . !
 Well , at least we have some honest people . I watched this while cleaning out my desk and the only part of the movie anybody is going to remember is the nude shots from Izabella Miko -LRB- Coyote Ugly -RRB- . God bless DVD . Cough ! Cough ! I mean ... God Bless DVD !
 What a load of rot ! The main vampire in this is supposed to be a French crusader who sold his soul . He roams around the deserts of South West USA , in the car 's boot ! -LRB- he 's driven by a Renfield-type character -RRB- Firstly ; if he 's been around so long , you 'd think that he 'd have saved up money to at least buy a decent car . -LRB- Or at least a house -RRB- Secondly ; if you 're a vampire , and sun-light being your major concern , why live in the desert ? Why not have a house where you can at least move about in day-light hours -LRB- remember - this guy spends half his time in a car-boot ! -RRB- The rest of this film offers even more stupid scenarios .
 With the seemingly endless line of B-horrors being churned out it 's difficult to find something original , and ` The Forsaken ' proves this point . It 's a road movie-cum-vampire flick that many have rightly compared to ` Near Dark ' , although it also pays a lot of allegiance to ` John Carpenter 's Vampires ' . Kerr Smith makes the move over from ` Dawson 's Creek ' with barely any noise at all , as he plays Sean , a guy taking a vintage Mercedes -LRB- of course , all cars in road movies are nice ones -RRB- across dusty roads when he picks up hitchhiker Nick -LRB- Fehr -RRB- . As it turns out , Fehr is a vampire hunter , trying to find and kill ` The Forsaken ' , a group of vampires that hark back to medieval times , in an effort to slow the spread of their virus . The two also take Megan -LRB- Miko -RRB- along for the ride , a past victim that they know the group of roadhog vamps will track down . So we 've got the set-up , with the gang equal parts hunting and running away.What 's good about the movie is that it 's reasonably gory , and the opening scene could even be described as pretty disturbing , although in the horror field ` pretty ' disturbing is n't always a complement . The acting is acceptable too , and there 's no hints of irony or postmodernism , which is pretty nice . Unfortunately we 're left with a meandering plot that never really explains itself - why exactly do some of the vampires have to be killed on hallowed ground , and why exactly does an old woman have a cemetary in her back yard in the middle of nowhere . Even the nature of the vampires remains mysterious , and we never get to see any fangs.Teen road movies often have trouble finding an audience , and it 's not hard to see why this had trouble making an impact at the box office . You 'd be much better seeking out ` Near Dark ' , or the more recent ` Jeepers Creepers ' and ` Joy Ride ' , all of which are infinitely better than something this unimaginative and dull . Not a travesty perhaps , but certainly nothing special .
 Sean becomes infected with a virus that will turn him intoa vampire . A road trip picks up a hitch hiker on a trail of a band of vampires . They pick up a woman who becomes infected . The three race against time to track down and kill the source of the virus - a centuries old vampire . Outside of a few very brief nude scenes I would n't recommend it to anyone but horror fans or vampire enthusiasts . Worth renting once , but it 's nothing special . Billed as a `` sexy '' vampire film ; I agree .
 It 's got great eye candy in it with Kerr Smith -LRB- Jack from of Dawson 's Creek -RRB- and Brendan Fehr -LRB- Michael from of Roswell -RRB- other then that , the movie -LSB- was n't good -RSB- . I mean , you ever heard of a vampire with no fangs?Rent The Lost Boys , Blade1 +2 , Queen Of The Damned and Interview With The Vampire other then this for your vampire kick .
 Sean , a young film editor , is on his way across the United States to go to his sister 's wedding with a Mercedes that he is delivering to the same location , where the wedding is taking place . However , a flat tired leads to Sean picking up a hitch-hiker , Nick , who seems to be a harmless young man . As the film keeps rolling , the audience finds out that Nick is a vampire hunter and before Sean expects it they are in deep trouble . Forsaken is a horror film that causes some startling moments , but fails in delivering a solid story that keeps the audience 's attention throughout the film .
 I had free passes to this movie when it first came out in the theatre and still felt like I paid too much for it . They try and hook the 18-35 male audience in the first 2 minutes by showing a -LRB- typical -RRB- naked blond in the shower , and the cliches only get worse from there . The dialogue is atrocious , the cinematography lacklustre , the premise full of holes and the suspense never builds . The director/screenwriter are obviously trying to demonstrate just how sexy and primal these bloodsuckers are , but have no real understanding of the fact that vamping for the camera in skimpy outfits and pouting have nothing to do with what makes vampires -LRB- yes , it 's true -RRB- , alluring and dangrously appealing . No chills , nothing original , please do n't waste the precious moments of your life on this stunningly bad film .
 There are plenty of reasons why some studio movies go straight to video , and THE FORSAKEN -- an interested premise wasted on a second rate production -- demonstrates these amply.One
 alright so i saw this movie simply because i like Brendan Fehr and Kerr Smith as actors , but this movie ... alright to put it bluntly it -LSB- was bad -RSB- ... it was probably one of the most horrible things i 've ever seen . i went ahead and gave it one star because the acting was good despite the movies complete lack of plot . there were random scenes were the actors would be doing something simple and there would suddenly be heavy guitar music , all that did was really confuse everyone who was watching the film with me . about half way through it i decided that i would just consider one of those movies like BATS or Eight Legged Freaks , devoid of any real plot but it made you laugh anyways at how ridiculous it was and unbelieveable.so if you really must see this movie , go into it thinking that its going to be dumb and perhaps youll enjoy it . you 'll laugh , i do guarantee that , but thats about it . If you 're into vampire movies see something else like Interview with a Vampire , Dracula 2000 , or the Lost Boys , just try and avoid this movie at all costs
 This may well be a B movie , a collection of movies that I normally love to death but this one was terrible . I wanted to turn it off halfway through , but stayed around to see the predictable ending . I 'm just glad I only wasted money renting and not buying this one .
 I really really wanted to like this movie . I 'm a huge vampire fanatic and it 's been awhile since a good vampire movie had been in the theaters . Boy was I disappointed . Ok , the way vampires came to exist was pretty inventive , I 'll give 'em that much . And who does n't love Brendan Fehr ? Beyond that , in my view there was n't much to enjoy . See , I 'm the type who roots for the vamps . I loved 'em in The Lost Boys , Near Dark , Blade , Fright Night , Modern Vampires , etc. . I love 'em in Buffy -LRB- but who does n't love Angelus , Dru , or Spike -RRB- . I ca n't get behind these vampires . Hell , I did n't even know their names . If I do n't care about the vampires , then what 's the point ? Actually , I did n't care about anyone in the movie . At all . Avoid , avoid , avoid .
 Ok , so I am not a big vampire movie fan , so maybe that had something to do with the fact that I thought this movie sucked . But I am always open minded to all sorts of films , so I thought I would give this one a whirl . It started out with some potential , but within the first 20 minutes I knew it was going to be hopeless . I should have just turned the darned thing off . It was so unrealistic -LRB- ok , I know it 's a vampire movie , so what did I expect -RRB- but I just did n't believe that the main character -LRB- Kerr -RRB- would have done the things he ended up doing thru out the movie . And then the girl -LRB- Izabella Miko -RRB- who had about 8 lines in the movie ; that was just lame and pointless . She must have felt like such a loser telling people , yeah , I 'm in this movie `` The Forsaken '' , and I 'm in it almost the entire time ... but ... ahhh ... well just call me zombie girl . Anyways , I highly recommend a pass on this one , unless you are a complete vampire fanatic .
 How could they compare this movie to The Lost Boys ?! This movie was nothing like the Lost Boys , this movie was terribal!Don ' t waist your money on this movie , for a good Vampire flick I recomend Interview With The Vampire or Bram Stokers Dracula .
 This movie is god awful . Aside from Izabella Miko showing some skin -LRB- hence one star -RRB- , there is nothing to look forward to in this movie.The directing is crappy quick edits and the actors are all anoying . Brendan Fehr almost came close to amusing but failed in the end . The people who played the vampires are lame as can be . The story is , well ... a snooze fest.I enjoy a good B movie to bad this is n't one ... Rent this one for the nudity if that gets you stake -LRB- pun inteended -RRB- shaken if not ... pass it an do n't look back .
 The Forsaken -LRB- J. S. Cardone , 2001 -RRB- I should probably know better by now . And yet I still subject myself to J. S. Cardone movies.In this one , Sean , a guy -LRB- Dawson 's Creek 's Kerr Smith -RRB- hired to drive a car from Los Angeles to Miami picks up a hitchhiker , Nick -LRB- Final Destination 's Brendan Fehr -RRB- in the middle of the desert . The two of them encounter Megan , a sick girl -LRB- Coyote Ugly 's Izabella Miko -RRB- when they stop for the night in town . Nick insists she come with them , saying he knows what 's wrong with her , and eventually tells Sean that the group have vampires on their tail . -LRB- Well , the word `` vampires '' does n't exactly crop up seriously , but come on , you know what they are . -RRB- The rest of the movie can be summed up with `` things blow up . `` Cardone is one of the straight-to-Sci-Fi-Chanel directors who fills his movies with young-and-beautifuls who have limited -LRB- if any -RRB- acting ability , but are relatively easy on the eyes . -LRB- In their defense , this is not a new tactic ; witness the brilliant film career of , say , Farrah Fawcett . -RRB- Smith is a bit above the average y-n-b in acting ability , though the other two here are right on the mark . The minor characters do n't have much to go on , either , as the script came straight out of a `` write your first screenplay in twenty-one days '' kind of book . Which could make a passable film if you had a really original , or even a really good , fast-paced plot . Alas , no such thing exists here.This movie deserves a mercifully quick slide into obscurity . About the only was I can imagine it having any longevity at all is if it 's somehow turned into a drinking game . *
 Yet another predictable and silly vampire film about film editor Smith who goes on a road trip to attend his sister 's wedding but ends up on the run from a bunch of blood-sucking freaks after picking up a hitch-hiker who fights them . Derivative of vampire films like NEAR DARK and JOHN CARPENTER 'S VAMPIRES , this has a moment or two but becomes so dull that it actually disappoints .
 This movie ties only with `` Jeepers Creepers '' as cinematic ideas written by some movie executive on his/her toilet paper . It 's so predictable and pejorative it borders on inane and a total waste of money . Schaech and Smith are decent actors , but you would n't find proof of it here . After watching this drivel for almost two hours , you 'll find yourself roaming the desert looking for some impossibly attractive vampire to end YOUR misery .
 Like his previous film `` Outside Ozona , '' director J.S. Cardone sets his films ' background in deserted roads of somewhere in America . And like that older one , the film , though given a good premise with a promising start , falls apiece after a while.It 's about a boy Kerr Smith , who picks up a wrong guy on the road in spite of his better judgement . But this time it 's not Rutger Hauer that he picked up ; it 's Brendan Fehr of TV series `` Roswell '' , who looks like a good-natured hitchhiker , so why not ? Of course , he should n't have , but not for another reason.When this unlucky pair -LRB- who are both in `` Final Destinations '' -RRB- meets creepy Johathon Schaech on the road , the story shows what it wants to be . However , though up until this part the film goes with a good pace , it begins to betray that it has nothing to add more . In fact , this is only a modernized version of `` Near Dark '' by Kathryn Bigelow , or I should say it wants to be that cult film . But except some -LRB- or many -RRB- nudity scenes , there is nothing new or original in this one . The idea of vampire virus tranmitted through bite ; vampires bursting into flame in the sun ; and the vampire leader that leads the vampire pack that prey on the travellers ... please . I did n't like `` Near Dark '' very much , but it boasted stylish images and terrific Lance Henriksen.Sorry for my unkind review , but the director has made considerable numbers of works in the past , so I have to be . When you see the shower scene -LRB- with blood -RRB- of Izabella Miko -LRB- `` Coyote Ugly '' -RRB- at the flashy opening sequence , and the film wo n't let her do anything but screaming and tossing and turning after that ; when you see an obligatory car-chase scene or blown-up house without any logical development of story , we know there 's something definitely wrong with the film .
 Nobody in my family likes clowns . We do n't watch them . You may like them but we do n't . See for yourself
 `` Scary or Die '' is an anthology horror film that I found to be no where near as good as other reviews and ratings have made it out to be . Yes it is well shot for a very small budget but the stories leave more to be desired . I do not want to spoil any of the shorts because doing so would ruin any enjoyment you could find in them . If they would of been longer , especially the second short the film could of been so much better . The only short that was really worth watching , also being the longest of the shorts , was `` Clowned '' the fourth entry.It was actually original for me and would of been nice as a full length feature . If you have nothing better to watch check it out as everyone 's tastes are different and you might actually enjoy it . As for me , especially being a horror fan , I could n't find enough enjoyment in it to watch again . If you want to watch some better horror anthology films check outThe Theatre Bizarre , Trick ' r TreatorV/H/S -LRB- Pre-Theatrical Rental -RRB- which I found to be as one of the best horror movies of 2012 but that 's just my opinion . I recommend your rent it if interested , just do n't buy it .
 This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life . I have seen many , I ` am 35 and sat through many bad movies . This one I hated . I ca n't believe I paid 3.00 to watch it . . Please anyone who reads this do n't take 2 hours out of your life for this movie . I should have just bought a pop and a candy bar . I would have felt better about that .
 Anyone who thought this was good could not have been watching the same movie I saw . There were some good ideas that could have made this anthology great , but they did n't take their time with the script . 5 vignettes ranging from fair to terrible . I could n't tell if the producers was trying to deliver a message with the first story which had to do with -LRB- non -RRB- illegal aliens , rednecks , and zombies . The scariest thing about this segment was the stuff the redneck was drinking and his teeth . The second tried to be stylish with a twist that just falls flat . Number 3 had something to do with a hitman , I guess . It was so bad it put me to sleep . But the fourth story about a killer clown was the best of the bunch . And this had the potential to be really good if someone had just taken the time to flesh out a good script . There 's no reason to talk about the last 60 second story , because it was predictable from the start . Stylish , yes . Good ? Not so much . This movie makes Creepshow look like an Oscar winning movie .
 This movie looks like it has great potential , but quickly goes downhill . I would save myself the $ 1.99 to rent this movie and instead buy a cup of coffee to enjoy as you sit back and watch the evening news .
 This movie was n't even scarey . The title & description were misleading , ans all the best parts were used in the trailer.Would recommend people save their money and not rent this !
 I do n't know what to say other than what a waste of money for me , a waste of time for the so called actors , a waste of time for the people behind the camera . Just plain awful . I do n't know what this crap was and neither do they .
 The cover picture is awesome . The movie started off good , but veered into a different direction . The story line is not for everyone , though I am sure there are a few that will take interest to it .
 This a low budget movie with a no name cast.Everything about this movie sucked . Amazon wants to charge people for garbage movies just to make money
 John Schlesinger 's `` Midnight Cowboy '' is a character study of two individuals . One is a simple man who holds idealistic beliefs toward life ; the other is a realist who knows how cruel the world really is . One fashions himself a cowboy , the other has honed himself into a survivalist . Together the pair makes an odd duo . Both embrace the American ideal of rugged individualism but neither has been able to find much comfort in their independence.Joe Buck -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- leaves his small Texas hometown for New York with the dubious hope of making it as a professional `` stud . '' He gets off to a rough start as the women he encounters either reject him or completely misunderstand his motives . Buck soon strikes up a friendship with Rico `` Ratzo '' Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , a handicapped con-man who takes the nave youngster into his confidence . They travel out into the night searching for adventure but never quite find fulfillment in anything they do . Deciding that greener pastures await them elsewhere , the two men board a bus for Miami . However , their journey ends on a sad note . `` Midnight Cowboy '' was a notable film at the time of its release . It portrayed an America that had few happy endings for its citizens and one that acknowledged the existence of sexual abuse within its borders . It cynically dissected the cherished myth that a strong commitment to one 's individualism would bring happiness and fulfillment . It also was a mainstream film that dared to have two unappealing characters as its main leads . Yet , despite the strong impressions left behind by Voight and Hoffman , `` Midnight Cowboy '' no longer plays well . The sparks it generated in the past have long been extinguished . Time has moved on and unfortunately `` Midnight Cowboy '' has not been able to keep pace .
 Very disappointed ... The DVD was not in the case . I returned it ... I do not even check if I was reimbursed .
 They sent me a DVD that can only be played in Europe . Am I supposed to take it on my next trip to Paris and sell it on the Black Market ?
 Over the years I seldom ever heard the mention of Midnight Cowboy in discussions among theater goers . I oftened rated the performances of both Dustin Hoffman and the then `` new-comer '' John Voight as the best acting performances ever to be seen . It came to mind that the `` theme '' of the film for the period in which it was produced may have had something to do with why Hoffman never received the Academy Award for his superb acting performance . I recall when I first saw the film that I predicted that he would without a doubt be selected for the award . Needless to say I was disappointed when the award went to John Wayne for his performance in True Grit . Not to take anything away from Wayne , but in my opinion , this was Hoffmans best ever performance . The awarding of the film as the Best Picture easily substantiates my views . I heartedly recommend it to serious theater goers .
 The following is a rewrite of an earlier review . In rereading James Leo Herlihy 's novel and watching the film again . I discovered several factual errors and misinterpretations in my review . However , my view that this film is a terrible adaptation of a magnificent novel has n't changed.Most critics would agree that a motion picture need not be identical to the story from which it 's derived . A film can correct significant problems with the source material -LRB- `` Treasure Island '' , `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' , `` Forrest Gump '' -RRB- , or expand on the original in a way that enriches and deepens it -LRB- `` Brokeback Mountain '' -RRB- . Then there are films that badly and pointlessly distort the stories from which they 're derived . `` Midnight Cowboy '' is one of those , a consciously perverted misreading of its source.The novel begins with Joe Buck 's backstory . A dish washer in a cheap restaurant , he 's the ignorant , uneducated -- frankly stupid -- son of an unwed mother , raised by his vaguely seductive grandmother . His principal role model was a man who taught him how to piss vertically , but little else . He leaves cigarettes in front of a picture of Jesus as an offering.Though lacking intellect or marketable skills , Joe nevertheless has a lot going for him , things a vulgar , materialistic society will pay for -- he 's strikingly handsome and exceptionally well-endowed . Convinced that most New York men are fags , he figures there must be a passel of wealthy women who 'll pay royally for stud service from a _ real _ man . With a newly purchased suitcase and cowboy duds he sets off to find his fortune.Once in New York , he falls prey to a hustler , Enrico Salvatore `` Ratso '' Rizzo . Ratso is short , homely , partially crippled by childhood polio , and has a shrivelled penis -- not to mention suffering from tuberculosis . But Ratso has something Joe needs -- he can pimp for the Texan -LRB- though the tricks are mostly men -RRB- , earning both of them a living.They develop a friendship out of necessity . It 's not clear how Ratso feels about Joe -LRB- Ratso is no doubt jealous of Joe 's physical perfection , but the idea that there might be any sexual attraction is never even hinted at -- Ratso portrays himself as hetero , and we have no reason not to believe him -RRB- , but Joe gradually comes to have some affection for Ratso , if only because , in a city of strangers , he 's someone to spend time with and talk to . And Ratso is not about to abandon his meal ticket . He also seems to take some pleasure in helping Joe -LRB- rather than just taking advantage of him -RRB- . Joe 's dream is to find a hotel full of horny women who 'll pay for his services . As his dream fails to materialize , and the whether gets colder and Ratso 's cough grows worse , they decide to move to Florida , where the weather will be pleasant and -LRB- Ratso thinks -RRB- they 'll be able to pick oranges off the trees . -LRB- For all his street smarts , Ratso is as nave as Joe . -RRB- On the bus , Joe considers their lives together . He 'll find a proper job , rent a place for them to live , and get Ratso the medical treatment he needs . Things are looking up , because Joe has someone to help -LRB- and thus , a purpose in life beyond merely looking after his own interests -RRB- . Then Ratso dies , and Joe slides into despair . The end.It 's critically important to understand that there is _ nothing _ sexual between Joe and Ratso , _ nothing _ homoerotic about their relationship , implicit or otherwise . I emphasize this because James Leo Herlihy was gay , and would have had a strong self-serving motivation for adding such elements to the story . That he did n't is significant . `` Midnight Cowboy '' is not a novel about male-male friendship . It 's a novel about a man learning what the real values in life are . Joe Buck grows to have a sincere , heartfelt concern for another person , and finds -- for a moment -- that this concern is what gives meaning to existance.Unfortunately , Joe is n't a character who thinks very much , and would n't be able to articulate that realization . -LRB- As the novel tells us , he does his best thinking in front of a mirror . -RRB- He has no `` inner dialog '' , no way of reasoning through things in his head -- and no one to talk with about them if he did.This renders `` Midnight Cowboy '' virtually unfilmable . A movie can not have an omniscient narrator informing the viewer about the characters ' internal lives . -LRB- Well , it can , but it would n't be a very involving film . -RRB- Consequently , at the end we see only Joe 's unhappiness at the loss of a friend . We do not see the deeper `` existential '' distress he 's going through -- Why am I here ? What is my purpose in life ? How am I supposed to treat other people ? -- which is what the novel builds to.Hollywood has an appalling proclivity for altering novels and short stories to appeal to the lowest common denominator , or to fit the writer 's or director 's view of what would `` improve '' the story . The latter appears to be what happened with `` Midnight Cowboy '' . Not seeing an easy way to reveal Joe Buck 's inner life to the viewer , Waldo Salt penned a script that ignored the subtleties of how Joe sees the world . -LRB- Though it seems presumptous to claim to know what a deceased writer was thinking , I have no problem believing that Mr. Salt perceived the plain meaning of the novel as I did , and chose consciously to sidestep the -- admittedly difficult -- problems in faithfully adapting it . -RRB- Salt might have further distorted the story under the influence of John Schlesinger , whose idea it was to film the book . Though the gay Schlesinger was a talented director who ought to have known better , it seems the implicit homoeroticism of two outcast males turning to each other for support and friendship seduced him into treating the novel as a `` buddy '' story with sexual undertones . Schlesinger 's explicit claim that there is nothing homosexual * between Joe and Ratso is belied by the plot alterations.We see this distortion in several ways , starting with Dustin Hoffman 's miscasting . Hoffman 's Ratso is not the homely polio victim of the novel . Under the dirty makeup , he 's boyishly cute -- arguably better-looking than the Howdy-Doodyish Jon Voight -- and the audience knows this . Hoffman 's good looks -- when added to his comic overplaying of the role -- badly unbalances the film . I wish I could format the following sentence in bold , but I 'll settle for giving it its own line ... `` Midnight Cowboy '' is about Joe Buck , not Ratso Rizzo.Although the novel is narrated by the omniscient author , Joe Buck is the protagonist , and we see the events primarily through Joe 's eyes . In the film , Ratso 's exuberance overpowers Joe 's fundamental blandness -- he is , after all , an empty-headed pretty face . However much we care about Ratso as a person , he 's doomed from the start -- we know he 's going to die . -LRB- It 's not an accident he has tuberculosis . -RRB- He is _ not _ Joe 's dramatic `` equal '' in this story . In the novel , it 's how Joe _ reacts _ to his relationship with Ratso -- and its loss -- not the relationship itself , that matters.Making the relationship between Joe and Ratso the focus of the story -- which is partly the side-effect of the visual nature of a motion picture that makes it difficult to focus attention on Joe -LRB- in the way a novel can -RRB- , ** and partly a conscious alteration on the part of the filmmakers -- leads to the general misinterpretation of the film , as is seen in the following Wikipedia comment : >> Some modern critics assume an unstated homosexual relationship between the main characters , and at the 2006 Academy Awards , host Jon Stewart joked about `` Brokeback Mountain '' being an Oscar contender despite its subject matter , saying `` It 's been more than 35 years when people would watch ` Midnight Cowboy ' and say ` What the hell was that all about ? ' Well , now we have fully accepted this new genre of cinema
 I do n't get it . Are they trying to imply that Joe Buck was sexually abused as a child and that the experience forced him into a life of prostitution ? This was a lame movie with lots of annoying special effects , an unclear background of the lead character , and a very irritating ending . Only the music and acting performances make it bearable .
 Let me preface this by saying I was born in 1960 . So this movie came out when I was only 10 . I remember the buzz about this movie but went out of my way to investigate it . The movie is on HD TV this month so it was as good a time as any to check it out . This movie reminds me of another `` Timeless '' `` Landmark '' `` Ground-Breaking '' movie which was also unwatchable - Five Easy Pieces . Looking at this movie from any angle I ca n't find anything even approaching mediocre . The dialog was forced and unrealistic . The photography was -LRB- intentianally or not -RRB- distracting and not well-directed . Although I 'm sure SOME of these characters existed in some form or another - their interaction did n't even approach what one might expect of them . I have no idea why this movie would have been given an `` X '' rating - by todays standards -LRB- I use the term loosely -RRB- the movie could have gotten a PG-13 . The film generated no emotions in me or my wife other than - Oh God these people are stupid AND gross . None of the characters in the movie garnered a lot of sympathy from us . I guess if that 's what the director was going for - then he succeeded . If this was the best picture of 1969 then I 'm glad I stuck to `` Batman '' and `` the Brady Bunch '' . I 've lived in all 5 boroughs of New York City plus Nassau and Sufflok counties - I CERTAINLY could have written a better story than these hacks did .
 what can i say ... `` midnight cowboy '' is just very , very overrated . jon voight plays an interesting , though completely unbelievable cowboy gigolo . the absurdity of this character might be okay , if the movie did not try to convince you at every moment of his traumatic past and try to make you feel sorry for him . nonetheless , voight does a good acting job at least . dustin hoffman plays a new york pimp , another unbelievable character . sure , you move to new york and try to make instant friends with someone and have them live rent-free in their apartment . good luck with that . though they have nothing in common , the two characters become fast best friends for no reason -LRB- and you 'll surely wonder whether there is any gay attraction going on -RRB- . while the movie does feature some interesting `` innovative '' cut-scenes , with such a weak story , it 's no good . as dustin hoffman hobbles around his apartment coughing and the cowboy takes care of him , i was supposed to feel sorry for him , but it was all kind of funny because it was so fake . i made it pretty close to the end but returned it . what happened at the end ? i do n't care . it 's an unrealistic silly story . voight and hoffman try to make it good with their acting talent , but there 's only so far they can go with this script . like so many things , it 's overrated by the vast majority of people and critics .
 What a let-down . I had never seen the orginal movie in 1969 - finally bought it and was really disappointed in the overall movie . I really did n't see what the fuss was all about . Jon Voight and especially Dustin Hoffman gave terrific performances but I thought the movie style was really odd -LRB- was probably very cool at the time -RRB- and overall was very disappointed when I finally viewed it . Watched it once , will never watch it again probably .
 A movie that pretends to be smarter and deeper than it actually is , and therefore a film to which a lot of would be sophisticates pay homage . Pure trash ...
 You can almost bet on one of two things about movies with alot of controversy , it will be a bad movie that everyone will end up seeing or a great movie that nobody sees . This is the first one . I have heard for years `` it 's the only X rated movie to win best picture ! '' Despite some of the other reviews I 've read I did not think this movie was good . I did n't care about the movie being X -LRB- although later changed to R -RRB- I just wanted to see a good movie , especially after hearing about it all this time . I was very disapointed . It was long and boring . I love all types of film , so I 'm not being judgemental about it being a drama . The acting perfomances really are great , but that is about it . I did not like the directing style . Some of the other reviews say , `` It has n't dated at all '' . That 's so far from the truth , do n't be fooled by that . The movie is VERY dated looking . I 'm 26 years old so I just might not get it but I do n't see anything `` modern '' about this movie . Like I said good acting , even though Dustin Hoffman does almost the same shtick years later in Rain Man . When I got done I was glad it was finaly over . 20 minutes into the movie I was starting to get that `` come on lets get this over with feeling '' . Plus they play that horrible `` Everybody 's Talking '' song about 900 times through the course of the movie . Yeah that never gets old . The movie is basicly , Jon Voight wants to be a `` hustler '' to take money from rich women for sex , but he gets hustled . He then repeatedly gets taken advantage of by EVERYBODY . He befriends a really sleazy Dustin Hoffman and the homosexual overtones run rampent for these two . I do n't know if the were supposed to come across gay at the time , but it sure comes across that way now . If that was n't what the director was going for then he made the wrong movie . It 's just amazing to me that this movie won best picture . I could not see any reason it should have won best picture . But I also ca n't see any reason Gladiator won best picture as well . In closing , do n't believe the hype , the movie is not even close to as good as some claim it to be .
 Who likes movies with sad endings ? Not me . Who likes a movie that has a native New Yorker doing what he thinks is a country/redneck accent ? Not me . No one has ever said `` Sheee-it '' . Never . That 's only in the movies . No one says that word , that way . Jon Voight was forcing a redneck accent and he did n't do that redneck accent well . It could only sound country or redneck to someone from New York.Was the `` gay for pay '' scene , although the character Joe Buck ended up not getting paid , in the movie theater supposed to be groundbreaking or something ? Is the viewer supposed to believe that a real cowboy from Texas would do that for money before he would take money for shoot fighting , working as a bouncer or just plain stealing money ? Was the Midnight Cowboy adopted on Brokeback Mountain?The party scene is something only the pot smoking flower children of the 60s could understand . I guess if you are high this is a great movie . I guess ? 1969 called and it wants its Best Picture award back .
 Vastly overrated gunk fails to stand the test of time due to pretentious `` look at me , Ma , no hands '' direction . The party sequence is so embarrassing it 's almost hard to watch . Will today 's music-video style films looks as visually silly and dated 30 years from now ? If Midnight Cowboy is any indication , the answer is YES ! Yeah , yeah , great performances , sure , but they do not support the lackluster script and bohemian direction .
 Not a good movie at all . Was very disappointed . I understand this is an older movie but I do n't think I would have liked it back then either
 I was disappointing that this version would not play on my DVD player . Does n't do me much good . Any thoughts on why this is the case ? I get a disc error when I insert the DVD .
 This is , frankly , a fairly horrible movie . Imaginatively , over-imaginatively , directed , it is well-acted , especially by Jon Voight , given the material . It is memorable
 So Voight , a rural cowboy , moves to the big city and meets Hoffman , a greasy conman . Immediately , I noticed that both gave great performances ; they seemed to fit the parts like gloves . However , I do n't know what it is , but I just did n't get this movie . Often interspersed with brief montages and flashbacks , be they drug-induced or not , the film can sometimes be pretty confusing . At some points , I had no idea where the plot was about to take me , which can be good sometimes , but to me , this film just seemed to have no sense of direction . The ending was kind of confusing ; it 's not a happy one by any means unless you consider his original goal of independence to be good .
 I did n't get this at all !! The flashbacks were totally confusing Dustin Hoffman talking like a cartoon character while limping through the city was irritating and Jon Voight was boring . I know this is supposed to be one the best movies ever made , but I did n't like it at all .
 The story of these two characters reminds me of two worms vainly swimming against the current of a flushed toilet . If a film presents a story with no redeeming qualities is that film worth watching ? I think not . Fine cinematography in the Texas opening scene and the classic Nilsson performance of Everybodys Talking can not salvage a film that is nothing more than an early appearance of big budget decadence . Skip the film and go sit in a gutter for ten minutes . Same effect .
 This review is for the Alpha Video print of `` Little Tough Guy . '' I 've been a fan of the Dead End Kids since I was a kid . After their debut in 1937 's `` Dead End '' for Sam Goldwyn they were signed to Warner Brothers where they made their best films like `` Angels with Dirty Faces , '' '' They Made Me a Criminal , '' and `` Hell 's Kitchen . '' `` Little Tough Guy '' marked the beginning of a series of films they made at Universal , with only Billy Halop , Huntz Hall and Bernard Punsley of the original gang making the cut . The film is a good crime drama with the Kids going from street toughs to suited thieves . There is some comedic elements but they are overshadowed by the dramaand dark ending . There are several prints of this film available but none are really good . This one in particular suffers from soundtrack noise and a poor transfer . The right side of the picture is actually clipped off . Hopefully we will someday have a very good print of this fine film but for now I recommend trying a different version than Alpha 's inferior print . Film
 my DVD did not work at all . That is why I am in the process of returning it , and there are no extra DVD 's to replace the one that I ordered . -LRB- IMAX ; Deep Sea -RRB- .
 This is pretty enjoyable when watching it in IMAX . However when viewing it at home , it 's really a less than average underwater documentary . Right from the beginning line when Depp says `` These are not visitors from an alien planet ... '' , you can pretty much tell this is aimed at a very young audience . It tries to be ` cute ' a little too often , and really does n't present information in much detail . Not sure what to expect though when you 're covering all aspects of the ocean in 41 minutes.It has nice cinematography and realistic colors , but nothing groundbreaking . I 've seen better documentaries on discovery . This is only worth watching at IMAX .
 well i recently bought this dvd thinking it would be imax 3d ... . because i searched just plain old 3d in the searchbar and this was the third on the list ... the problem with this is , amazon copied what deep sea 3d had on the summary for ImDb ... WELL ITS NOT 3d . . So dont buy it expecting 3d ... I wish i would have not been tricked into it , though i should have noticed the signs ... its just it shouldnt come up if you search for 3d movies ... . thats all i have to say ... other than that its a good movie , im just mad they sold it as 3d as it says in the plot !!!
 I have a 54inch VT25 3d tv . . I only mention that to validate the point the movie is not what is suppose to be ... the 3d on vt25 is outstanding so it had to be the movie ... straight to the point ... plain and simple ... . I was expecting to see a 3d movie and what i saw as standard blueray . I was very disappointed in that there is not a lot of 3d content out that and to be duped does n't help the demand for more and at this price !! 3D rocks just need more real 3d content
 I am definitely a Howard Hall fan . His work in such films as Underwaterworld and the earlier IMAX film on the Island of the Sharks -LRB- Cocos Island -RRB- was outstanding . However , the production of this film is really a problem . A lot of the earlier clips suffer from a blue/red syndrome -LRB- poor color balance -RRB- , perhaps in part due to the 3D production -LRB- did it use color glasses ? -RRB- . The narration is limited in effect if not outright silly in places , and although I admire both Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp on their own , they really did n't fit the material here . It had a lot of the old True Life Adventure -LRB- Disney -RRB- feel , I must admit . The alternation between their voices made no sense at all . Definitely not a dialog , so why do it ? The music track greatly interfered with the video production , and was very distracting and annoying at times . I am donating my copy to the local library ; maybe somebody else can enjoy it for what it is . There are a lot of much better ocean DVDs out there , starting with the BBC Blue Planet series .
 This could have been a lot better ... after all , they did have an four oceans ' worth of animals to work with . My kids were bored by it.I did n't watch it in 3D , but the camera work was actually quite good . However , the fishes ' movements seemed somehow scripted . Would sharks really just swim right in front of the camera , and then swim away right on cue ? I 'm no expert , but it seemed contrived.There was absolutely no continuity ; the movie jumped from one subject to the next in no order . Each scene was anticlimactic , never really ending but just jump-cutting without providing closure . Some dragged on for way too long and others were repetitive . For example , there are three different scenes in which * SPOILER ALERT * fish clean each other . Meanwhile , the narrators proudly display their vocabulary , using big , fancy words like ` Symbiosis ' and ` Relationship , ' sure to wow the kiddies.What really killed it , though , was the narration . It was a really , really cheesy script . I agree with the others who said it was ` Preachy Propaganda . ' Johnny Depp halfheartedly mumbled his lines , while Kate Winslet sounded perky but strained . The obligatory preachy , Greenpeace ending was the nail in the coffin . They gave some made-up figures about how many fish we 've killed and seemed eager to be done . I know I was.Do yourself a favor and watchPlanet Earth
 I watch a lot of nature documentaries and none have seemed so patronizing as this . The narration is boring at best , and and an affront to the intelligence of people who have any idea what a fish is at its worst . Perhaps the narration was written by the actors and not someone who understands what 's going on in `` the deep . '' Go watch something by David Attenborough .
 This has some great 3D scenes , but for the price it is too short on content . I think it will be my last IMAX purchase .
 Absolutely cringeworthy commentary from Mr. Depp and -LRB- especially -RRB- Ms. Winslett . People who write this sort of thing ought to be taken out and shot for their own good . Poor music score too . The pikkies are nice , but not a patch on the BBC 's magnificent `` Blue Planet '' . The environmental message at the end , while welcome , seems tacked on almost as an afterthought .
 The biggest complaint I 've seen from others is that the narration is too quiet to hear over the music , and that the movie is too short . It 's true , the narration is so bad that you have to crank up the volume to the point your ears bleed to make out what they are saying . And as for being short , you wo n't leave it in long enough to find out how long it lasts . COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY !!
 We were disappointed because we thought `` Deep '' meant DEEP -- as in the abyssal plain , trenches , etc. . . the portions of the ocean that get no light but yet are teeming with life . This video , while beautiful , was not at all what we were looking for .
 Even though this pops up when you search Amazon for blu ray 3d , it is not 3d . It is n't even Blu-ray . Unfortunately I was misled by the fact that all the customer reviews were for the 3d blu ray version . As a result I will be out $ 3 in return postage . Not Good Amazon . This should not be coming up when people are searching for 3d blu ray , should it ?
 The music on this DVD is louder than the narrators . It is very annoying . I can not understand what they are saying . The visual is great , but is ruined by the poorly mixed audio . I wish I could get my money back .
 We have several Imax DVDs including a few underwater features , which we love . This one seems to be shot after shot of big fish eating smaller fish . Pretty boring watching sea animals eat each other for 40 minutes.The narration is not great either . Depp and Winslet take turns narrating . It seems like they are narrating for 2 different movies . There is no continuity .
 I was eagerly awaiting the release of this DVD , as I missed the film when it played in IMAX theaters . It boasted an impressive array of talent -LRB- including narration by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet and a score by Danny Elfman -RRB- and adoring reviews . Unfortunately , this is one of those IMAX films that does n't survive the transition to the small , 2-D screen . Stripped of the 3-D effects and gigantic high-resolution image , it 's deadly dull . `` Deep Sea '' starts off strongly with a mysterious shot of ethereal jellyfish swimming in darkness . Then the next shot is of a huge grouper floating almost motionlessly , and Depp brightly tells us that `` he 's always hungry ! '' The film continues in that vein , with endless shots that were obviously staged for 3-D but appear oddly static and contrived on a television screen . The narration is utterly inane ; it vacillates between PBS-style pomposities -LRB- there 's the obligatory stuff about how we 're devastating the ocean ecosystem -RRB- and anthropomorphic nonsense that seems to be aimed at small children . Depp manages to maintain his dignity , but Winslet comes off as condescending . Elfman 's classical work `` Serenada Schizophrana '' is somewhat awkwardly adapted into a score that is barely audible under the narration.Despite the phrase `` deep sea '' in the title , most of the film seems to be taking place about 20 feet under water . With the possible exception of a squid that changes color several times a second , there 's nothing in this film that you have n't seen before .
 This documentary only has 40 minutes of film , and it says 47 minutes in the description . At $ 31 , thats such a rip off and the 3D effects are n't even good . There is only 1 effect that goes out of screen in the entire film and its not even that impressive . I would like to return it but the policy states you can not return movies that were opened from the plastic wrap . Do n't buy this . Order a movie on Demand for 6 bucks in 3D instead .
 This film was released to Imax theaters in 3D . It was probably very entertaining and exhilarating in 3D . But , I 'm sorry to say , it 's very ordinary in 2D . There is nothing more annoying than watching a 3D movie in 2D . All the carefully staged 3D shots , pardon the pun , stick out like a sore thumb.And the narration , while performed by the two outstanding actors Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet , is completely one dimensional . Or should I say 1D ? Not only is it dull , it 's annoying . It sounds like they both read the narration for the entire film and the director , Howard Hall , had buttons for both of their recordings and randomly switched them on and off with no rhyme or reason . There were times , and I 'm not exaggerating , when Depp would start a sentence and Winslet would finish it!And as for the title , `` Deep Sea '' ? Not once did the film journey deeper than the coral reefs.There are a lot of excellent documentaries about the ocean to add to your library . This is not one of them .
 music drowns out audio . why have a naration if the music makes it not possible to hear .
 Wow . LAME.I 'd like to be cute and quote some of the genuine stinker one-liners from this script but this movie does n't deserve that much effort going into a review.Bottom line
 Very disappointing video . Choppy narration with poor flow . Narrators are uninspired and uninspiring . Expected much more . Som nice visuals which keep this from being a total loss .
 I realize it is an old movie and only like a few bucks , but if you ca n't sell a movie you can actually watch and have the nerve to list it in good condition , you need your head examined . I will never use this seller again . The movie had the stupid directors talking over the ENTIRE thing !
 Cheap and cheerful that 's about all one can say about this movie , it has a good story line but unfortunately is lost in poor performance
 Despite a cast that ought to be a recipe for success , `` Between Strangers '' is a plodding film that recycles cliche after cliche after cliche . The characters are one dimensional ; the dialogue is amateur , and though the cinematography is rather good , the editor should have been fired . Films that deal in human relationships need to be directed with an eye for nuance and subtlety . It is as if Ponti had fashioned whatever point he was trying to make into a spike and then drove it into your head with a hammer.Lacking the sophistication of `` Lost In Translation '' , the loving and poignant melodrama of `` Far From Heaven '' and the sense of urgency of `` The Hours '' -- a flawed but very worthwhile film -- `` Between Strangers '' is not even adequate . There is , alas , really nothing good to say about this film . That is a shame .
 It 's hard to know where to start . I endured 1 hour 45 minutes of this movie when my wife said `` I hate this movie ; it 's the worst I have seen '' . I completely agree.It is not funny , not entertaining and not interesting . I really do n't understand why anyone would rate it 5 stars.I like Fred MacMurray and Jane Wyman , but this movie is a total bust . There is n't a humorous scene in it . It 's not good family entertainment because there is adult drinking throughout the movie which is completely out of character for Mr. MacMurray 's movies.It just goes to prove that no matter how talented you are , you ca n't be a winner every time . I will continue to search for movies with Fred MacMurray and Jane Wyman because I like their movies , but this one is definitely * not * recommended .
 I usually love movies starring Fred MacMurray , but this is an exception . The plot is very slow to develop and did not hold our family 's attention very well . BON VOYAGE was surprising because most of our dvds with Fred MacMurray are our very favorites -LRB- Follow Me , Boys ; Absent-Minded Professor , etc. -RRB- I ended up donating this one to a local charity .
 I have been familiar with this film since I worked for Disney in 16mm film distribution in the 1970s . I started at Disney after just coming back from Europe , so the French settings were nice to revisit.I am very familiar with the various negatives of this film . I agree with several reviewers that a DVD should contain the best possible picture and sound element . It should also present the film in its original , projected aspect ratio , which for BON VOYAGE was 1:85.1 -LRB- Academy ` flat ' -RRB- which gives the film a slight , rectangular image . However , full frame , 4 by 3 transfers of 1:85 x1 pictures are not necessarily all that bad . You loose a little picture on the sides , but not really that much . Some work could have been done on color correcting , although the DVD 's ` look ' exactly matches the projected film.I also agree that a few ` extras ' would have been nice , even just the theatrical trailer . Walt Disney filmed ` everything ' to do with his studio 's product , so there must be a good amount of ` extras ' for BON VOYAGE in the Disney film vaults . Why are n't they included?Anyway , it 's still nice to have this some-what overlong film back on the market . I grabbed a copy at BestBuy as soon as I spotted it . I have always felt that it was about 20 minutes too long , and that it incorporated two scenes -LRB- Fred McMurray and the French prostitute in Paris , and the attempted extortion of son Elliot on the Riviera -RRB- that should not have been in the script . The film might have done better with its intended audience . Tommy Kirk 's performance as Elliot , however , is a treasure ; he was a very polished actor , and gave wonderful comic relief it was n't ` mugging ' but was built solely out of his character.Look for one mistake the original director made , and it 's in the original negative , although it should n't have been included . When McMurray punches the Casanova in the casino at the film 's end , immediately go frame by frame for a few seconds and you can see the sound stage floor , complete with ladders for the cameras , and even some of the crew in the background.Some of the scenes bettween McMurray and James Callan -LRB- father to young suitor -RRB- still resonate even in today 's society . And McMurray lost in the Paris sewers is still very funny .
 Oh , Disney ! Disney ! Why do you stab me in the heart so often?This company seems to think that avoiding black little bars at the top and bottom of 4:3 television screens makes families happy and content . Why not consider us grownups instead , who are very saddened indeed to watch movies like this with the sides cut off?Besides , what child or teenager today would tolerate viewing this movie anyhow , cropped or in letterbox format ? This is definitely a film for people BORN in the fifties and sixties . Yes , it 's overlong ! Yes , it 's corny a lot of the time ! Yes , it 's often dull and even boring ! And yes , I still enjoy it for all its faults ! But I would be ten times happier if Disney had given me this film on DVD in the correct aspect ratio of 1.78:1 - with anamorphic enhancement , of course ! WHEN WILL THEY LEARN ?
 Draggy family comedy about Americans on vacation abroad was n't anywhere near top-drawer Disney when it was first released back in 1962 -- trite , unfunny and decidely kid-unfriendly with its tiresome bickering parents , dreary teen romance subplots and several bizarre un-Disneylike scenes involving drunkeness , a bidet , a French hooker , public urination and even a few mild four-letter words.It does n't play any better today in an uncorrected color DVD transfer that frequently makes MacMurray , Wyman and other cast members look like corpses.One of the biggest live action misfires to be personally overseen by Walt Disney , this DVD edition -LRB- with no extras -RRB- is a bum trip . Stay home .
 All i can say is boring boring boring . Could n't even watch the whole thing .
 The versions of deMille 's silent films that appear on this product are those preserved and prepared for video by Film Preservation Associates and they are used here WITHOUT permission or blessing of Film Preservation Associates . Please do n't reward those who steal the work of others .
 There 's nothing illegal about this offering , since all of the films are in the public domain , but it is VERY sleazy . The publishers have effectively stolen the hard work and expenses of the man who brought these films to video -- David Shepherd , who releases his films through Image Entertainment . Supporting this kind of PD `` bootleg '' will severely diminish the chances of other rare films being restored for DVD.Waldo
 This type of bargin bin video is the kind that has given Silent Film a bad name.This DVD set poorly presents another video company 's video releases , too.Some of the movies are even sourced from old VHS tapes.Absolute junk.This boxed set will turn off any first time viewer of silent films.I recommend to just stay away from this .
 The good news is that sixteen early Cecil B. DeMille features have been made available in a DVD boxed set , many of them for the first and only time , at a reasonable price , and at least one of them -LRB- The Volga Boatman -RRB- is worth the price of the entire package . But there 's plenty of bad news . Image quality varies tremendously , from unacceptable -LRB- The Road to Yesterday -RRB- to excellent -LRB- The Volga Boatman -RRB- , most of them falling in the middle ground a lot of viewers have long been trained to describe as `` acceptable '' or `` better than nothing '' . The canned musical scores run the gamut from inappropriate -LRB- Rimsky-Korsakov for Joan the Woman ! -RRB- to miscued -LRB- Romance of the Redwoods -RRB- . Color tinting and toning , which enhanced the films at the time of their original release , and which still adds to their visual impact today , if properly utilized , is totally absent . Bottom line
 I downloaded this on my Tivo through Amazon Unbox and was not happy with the film . Yes it was a classic , but not my taste .
 I was extremely disappointed in the movie . So unless you 're a collector of a specific actor/actresses movies -LRB- bad or not -RRB- , I would n't waste the money . You 'd get more pleasure out of cleaning your bathroom on a Friday night than watching this video . PS Michale Nyqvist has about two minutes total screen time in this flick - not at all part of the main action in the movie .
 I was extremely disappointed in the movie . So unless you 're a collector of a specific actor/actresses movies -LRB- bad or not -RRB- , I would n't waste the money . You 'd get more pleasure out of cleaning your bathroom on a Friday night than watching this video . PS Michale Nyqvist has about two minutes total screen time in this flick - not at all part of the main action in the movie .
 I did n't like this movie because it 's one of them that simply could have been a lot more , and you think maybe they 're going to pull this stuff together ... but no . It 's just dumb . The acting is fine , etc. , it 's the story that is the problem . I see the good reviews here and ca n't help but think maybe I watched some other movie . Maybe it 's just me ... I do n't know , but I certainly did n't like the movie , in fact I 'd say it blows . Did n't `` hate it '' else I 'd give it one star , but yeah , in my opinion , it blows ... hard . Hmm , maybe I do hate it ... bleh , I 'll give it two stars anyway , just in case .
 i was told this movie was great , very humorous , but it was n't . there were a couple parts that were funny , but the quality is terrible -LRB- even for a movie made in 1935 -RRB- . it has n't been cleaned up or repaired at all and it 's very , very hard to see . it 's not worth the money in the slightest .
 If you want the worst possible Picture Quality buy this.It is the worst that i have experienced , Scratches artifacts and at times almost illegable , This film should be restored OR burned.And i Bought it from AMAZON .
 Aelita is a film riddled with stories of uprisings , rebellions , and communism . What is interesting about this film is that it is seen from two worlds . Hailed as the first science fiction film from Russia , it depicts the social economy in Russia during 1924 , and compares it to the Martian capitalist society that is watching from the Red Planet in the sky . A radio signal from an unknown source has been sent all over the world , and while some disregard this as just a innocent jumble of messages , Los , a individualist , yet jealous engineer thinks that it is a message from Mars . He begins work on a space craft that will ultimately take him to the uncharted planet , but also ruin his personal life . On Mars , The Queen , Aelita , has discovered that some of her scientists have created a telescope that can watch the planet Earth up close . Trying not to get caught , odd because she is Queen , she sneaks a peak through the telescope and sees our favorite murderer and engineer , Los . She immediately falls in love with him and even appears in one of his dreams . When he arrives to meet her on Mars , he discovers a world not unlike his own that he was trying to escape . Riddled with similarities , Los must fight for not only for Mother Russia , but for the surrounding red planet.For my first viewing of a silent film , I was unimpressed . I thought that it was going to show a short , simple story that would show me the techniques that Hollywood uses today . While I did see some of sci-fi 's beginnings with this film , I felt that it stressed too much on the symbolic nature of these characters instead of developing a story . I will say this , the director is daring to make this film . It involves several character development , a hard task to tackle in the silent film era because it was hard to keep track of who was who . One aspect that I thought was interesting that lost itself in the translation to DVD was the music.This was a harsh film to watch . A little over two hours , it was too much silent film for me . I found myself getting angry at the music , and a headache because I could n't follow which character was which . I also do n't know much about the history of Russia during this time , so I had trouble following why these characters were acting in this style . What I did find interesting was the turn of events in this film . I really never saw them coming . I never thought that Aelita would be such a power hog . The director was again trying to make a statement about life in Russia , but it still made me stop and make sure I was capturing the moment correctly . Had some good psychological moments tied with some great characters that no doubt came from Russian literature.Overall , strong moments with a very weak plot made it a tough watch . I will have to give that it was a powerful film for a silent movie , but just not what I was hoping for or expecting . Check this movie out if you are a big sci-fi history buff . I think this is right in your corner , but for everyone else ... I will continue to search for the best.Grade
 Perhaps the first Science Fiction film , `` Aelita , Queen of Mars '' was created in 1924 in the Soviet Union . It was a big-budget feature in it 's day , and I image it was quite the spectacle . Today it wears very thin.I was hoping to see an adequate silent feature , as many of the Russian films of this era are quite astounding ; `` Battleship Potemkin '' , `` Mother '' and `` Strike '' can all hold their own to modern films . `` Aelita '' is much different , the plot is quite confusing , the space costumes are laughable and the acting is , to be frank , lame.The plot is split into 2 areas ; On Earth and on Mars . A message is sent to radio stations on Earth and somehow , everyone knows it is from Mars . An engineer named Loss is fascinated by it and , as my favorite title card reads , `` Works all night to construct a spaceship to take him there '' . The plot on Earth gets muddled by a murder and some stolen sugar -LRB- we 're talking post-revolution Soviet Union where rationing was a part of survival -RRB- , but the rest of the plot is simply filler . Meantime , the queen of Mars , Aelita , is spying on Earth , specifically to Mr. Loss , and is falling in love with him . The short of the movie is that Loss ends up flying to Mars , makes out with the Queen and unites the workers of Mars into the comradeship of a socialist Martian government . This is the common ending to most Soviet films of this period.So generally old science fiction films can still have an unintentional comedic value , and watching the cardboard-box robots , the plexiglass hats and the ` protruding wires for no reason ' seem silly . `` Aelita '' misses on the silly front too , simply by being to long . There are wide gaps between the ridiculous scenes and the monotonous plot , barley enough to hold someone 's attention . In fact , there are times when it was just too painful to watch at normal speed.So I gave this movie 2 out of 5 , simply because the costumes are worth laughing at , and the quality of the film print is decent . The soundtrack is pretty much un-noteworthy , and there are no extras on the DVD . If you are curious to see some good Russian Silent films , check out the work of Eisenstein and Pudovkin , and do n't worry about `` Aelita , Queen of Mars '' .
 Of all the editions of this film available in the world this one -LRB- the USA Image Edition DVD -RRB- has the worst image quality . It is extremely blurry and out of focus . Better is the Ruscico edition , but it has a very high contrast boost , losing much detail into the blacks . Best is the French Bach DVD , having excellent grayscale detail but only has the original French intertitles and no English subtitles.There is a custom DVD to be found free online which uses the Bach image and has new English intertitles , a soundtrack of Philip Glass music , and subtitles in eight languages . Search for
 Incubus -LRB- Anya Camilleri , 2005 -RRB- Oh , why do I keep torturing myself with Tara Reid movies ? -LRB- Actually , I can answer that ; I 'm waiting for another Cruel Intentions . -RRB- I should know by now that as soon as I see Tara Reid 's name on a flick , especially headlining , I 'm in for a disappointment . That said , I 'm going to register in the -LRB- very , very small -RRB- minority on this one ; with a couple more rewrites and some better editing , this could have been a slick , intelligent horror movie with a great deal going for it . The fact that it turned out to be derivative schlock with one of the biggest plot holes I 've ever seen in a movie ends up being kind of irrelevant , because I was dazzled -LRB- yes , dazzled ! -RRB- by how good this movie could have been.The setup is basic
 `` Incubus '' sports an actually interesting story , a big time celebrity , and a bit of gore , what not to enjoy ?! Really the sum up proceeds the films rather sluggish pace . Acting department , as we learned many can fake a cry ... and some just make it laughable -LRB- can you guess which one this is ? -RRB- . We sometimes have also come to terms with the mediocre slasher film , poor effects relying on strong contrasting lighting , and cheap scares brought on by adrenaline pumping music.What makes us remember these kind of films then ? Some actually do have an interesting but rather bizarre plot , I think we nailed this one . `` Incubus '' does have its scary moments , but in all honesty the killer featured is more or less a secondary character . Although shown frequently , and mentioned he ` himself ' does little . Without spoiling too much of the film , -LRB- spoiling may actually be a saving grace -RRB- a killer was deemed psychotic thus being locked away -LRB- watch and learn why -RRB- . Stranded teens come upon the killers sanctum -LRB- surprise !!! -RRB- , uh yeah sorry our psychopath is actually asleep . He 'll remain that way for quite awhile , hey that 's a forced coma for ya . Ironically sleeping is his favorite way to kill . Great method but , How just how ?! Wow again I made it seem better ... Anyways , watch this film for the story -LRB- many will disagree with me -RRB- , the few scares it holds , and for being a Tara Reid fan . I may be guilty of purchase , but verdict ? This films guilty of cheap tactics and for not pushing the a great idea further.Rental or catch it on a premium movie channel .
 What if I had made a horror movie in high school ? It would have gone something like this . . My best friend Tara , an aspiring thespian who can fake cry really well , would be my star . Before filming , we 'd make sure to touch up Tara 's delicious golden locks . Oooops , A little bit too much bleach!My story would revolve around a group of teenagers trapped in a strange house where they 'd stumble upon an eerie , comatatose man wearing a bathing suit -LRB- Tom from the swim team would be a perfect fit ... of course we 'd have to shave his head ... I wonder if he 'd be willing ? -RRB- . The strange house will be dark and water will be dripping from everywhere , maybe in slow motion . Tara and my other friends/actors will be extremely dim witted , and mostly deaf so that they ca n't hear each other very well . My characters will then die one by one in entirely standard an unoriginal death sequences . I 'll think of some totally absurd story to tie everything together later , but it is sure to be absolutely terrifying . I 'll save money by using a lot of stock footage , staging the car accident just `` after '' the accident occurs , and scoring the music myself on my Casio at home . Genius . I 'm going to be the most popular guy in school !
 According to the IMDB this movie is the first one specifically made for PC downloading ... it shows . Without any creative vision at all ; horrible lighting , acting and editing and a confusing , muddled storyline , INCUBUS is everthing a bad horror movie should be . Tedious . Stupid . And just not worth it , folks .
 Incubus -LRB- 2006 -RRB- is a horror film that makes very little effort to setup or tell its story in a credible manner . The writer took a weird situation , added a few scenes where characters die , and incorporated a number of shortcuts to create a screenplay that is implausible , poorly constructed , and just plain lazy . Without a coherent plot or intelligent characters , about all the film really has going for it is a few jump scare kills . Such an indifferent approach indicates either a lack of storytelling ability , or a lack of regard for the audience . Spoilers follow.Somewhere in the Montana countryside , a group of college students has an accident where their van winds up on its side . With no cell phone service , the group attempts to walk and find help , and is in the woods when night falls . Floodlights suddenly turn on revealing what appears to be a secured building . Finding no one around , they climb onto the roof , and pry off a vent . Jay -LRB- Tara Reid -RRB- , her brother Josh -LRB- Russell Carter -RRB- , and friends Holly -LRB- Alice O'Connell -RRB- , Peter -LRB- Christian Brassington -RRB- , and Bug -LRB- Akemnji Ndifernyan -RRB- , drop down into the building on a rope , while Karen -LRB- Monica Dean -RRB- runs away abandoning her friends.Inside , they soon discover two dead people dressed in lab coats , who appear to have killed each other . Deeper in the facility they find a half naked man apparently sleeping , strapped to a chair , locked inside a large transparent compartment , which contains instruments that are monitoring the man 's vital signs . Eventually those who survive discover that the sleeping man -LRB- Mihai Stanescu -RRB- is a convicted killer , who was supposed to have been put to death . Apparently his mind has the ability to gain control over others while they are asleep , turning them into homicidal maniacs.The movie sounds more interesting than it actually is , as the story has very little believability , and is not well paced or edited . The characters are extremely annoying , and act mostly like spoiled children . At a certain point , Jay becomes remarkably enlightened , like a guru she has managed to figure almost everything out . This turn is one of many that are hard to accept.Those trapped inside mostly wander around in dimly lit corridors and rooms , where bad things happen to them . When under stress , these friends somehow seem to turn on each other . Besides making the cast do incredibly stupid things , the screenplay also gives them terrible dialog , resulting in performances that far from praiseworthy.While darkly atmospheric , Incubus is a movie that disappoints on many levels , and its finish is incredibly lame . Its rating of 3.0 at IMDB might be a little generous . It 's probably only worth your time if you can see it for free on Amazon Prime .
 there is nothing redeeming about this movie aside , from offering genuine backing to any harsh criticisms to Mrs. Reid 's akting chops . more like axing , with the emotional depth of paper . even her moderately acceptable figure offered no pull in this worst way to spend an hour and a half of your life . learn from me if you care for your mind . leave now . watch something good . you will thank me for it .
 Tara Reid and friends have a car crash . They 're on a back road , none of their cell phones work , so they decide to hike back to the highway . On the way , they find an industrial building , and decide to break in by climbing on the roof and opening one of the skylights . You see , it 's getting dark and it 's a little chilly outside , so they brilliantly come to the conclusion that breaking and entering is their best bet . Once inside they immediately find some dead bodies , laying in pools of blood . So they spend a while trying to get out -LRB- apparently the front door is locked and there 's not a window in the place ? -RRB- , then they find a guy sitting in a glass cube in one of the rooms . Turns out he 's a murderer , and can turn other people into psycho murderers just by using the power of his mind . Will Tara and her friends escape this really scary situation?The good
 I try very much to be openminded when it comes to horror movies , but this ? It 's so bad my eyes started to hurt , bad idea and very bad acting.It 's so bad I barried it deep deep down in my garden so no man could ever reach it again .
 this movie sucked really bad . its not weird , its not scary , the acting is terrible , and the plot is really dumb . dont waste your time on this , i really wish i hadnt
 Tara Reid has no talent . She 's just an actress mainly because of her looks just like Jessica Alba , Paris Hilton , Carmen Electra , & Pamela Anderson . These girls are n't really actors at all .
 The Darkroom begins as a monster movie , segues into an Identity-like psychological thriller , and then strives to become the next Sixth Sense.It begins with a suspected murder -LRB- Reed Diamond -RRB- who 's given an experimental drug ... but never you mind that , because he flees the hospital and runs into a completely different movie . There , he inexplicably befriends Stanley -LRB- Shawn Pyfrom -RRB- who gloms onto him with a devotion that can only be described as puppy-like . Stanley decides that The Man is his ticket out of his hellhole life , which includes being robbed by bullies and threatened by his stepfather Bob -LRB- Greg Grunberg , recently of Heroes -RRB- . Mysteries abound in Stanley 's life . What is the slimy thing killing all the transients ? What is in Bob 's darkroom ? And what was up with that experimental drug?Like so many of these movies that want to have their horror cake and eat it too , The Darkroom substitutes flashbacks of disturbing scenes for dramatic narrative . The acting is atrocious - Pyfrom is n't very good , Diamond is a walking zombie , Grunberg is an over-the-top jerk , and Lucy Lawless has nothing to do as Stanley 's mom except lounge around in lingerie . Which is really the only highlight.The mystery , if you can call it that , deepens as Stanley and The Man decide to follow Bob to work . It turns out Bob has n't been going to work for weeks , but he does go somewhere and it involves a camera . Three guesses as to who the slime monster is and what 's in the darkroom and the first two do n't count.And that 's the thing - as a mystery , The Darkroom fails because the flashbacks give it away . As a psychological thriller , The Darkroom resorts to cheap thrills of torture and nudity . The Darkroom 's monster looks ridiculous . And the pat explanation for who The Man really is simply is n't airtight or interesting enough to warrant another viewing.In short , we know what 's precisely in The Darkroom
 This is one of the worst movies I 've watched -LRB- it was amatuerish at best -RRB- . The video teasers -LRB- showing Lucy 's breast 's almost falling out while bending over the kitchen counter -RRB- says ` everything ' bad about this movie . When THAT is the highlight a viewer should be smart enough to know better than to buy it -LRB- However , I WAS N'T -RRB- . You were warned , this movie , if you are ONLY a Lucy Lawless FAN is at best worth a download , not even a rental -RRB- . I know one man 's treasure is another man 's trash regarding value and opinions , but I can not imagine how this movie got 4 stars -LRB- the reason I purchased it -RRB- . I 've seen other complaints about star ratings on Amazon , too . I 've got a feeling that these ratings are coming from people tied in -LRB- royalty payments , etc. -RRB- in part . This is n't the only movie I 've bought using the recommended ` star rating ' . Very , very disappointing -LRB- the movie and the decision in my purchasing of it -RRB- .
 What the hell is wrong with all the people that gave this piece of cinematic retardation good reviews ... It 's like a bad student film . I 'm forced to give it at least one star , but it deserves a negative five ...
 I was watching a bit of this show and then lost interest the moment that he compared the holocaust to the titanic . Its shameful for a grown man this day in age to be so ignorant when he is standing there up against the american flag and can say to the american audience watching that they shouldnt make another holocaust film after shindlers list cause its already been done its like doing another titanic film . Sorry to enlighten you Mr. Byrne but if you had done your homework , and looked up what you were creating ` jokes about ' you would see that this is not material for a stand up act , and in your case you are classless . The holocaust saw over 8 million men women and children and even babies , MURDERED . there is more than one story to be told in this atrocity . Shame on you for having this sick mind set and for mocking those lives lost . its people like you that I 'm scared will look away when more innocence are brutally robbed of their lives because of prejudice and injustice . I wonder if you would have even bothered to stand up to it if you were born in that era .
 I had to watch this for my film class . It is so bad it 's funny . I 'm sorry I had to pay $ 1.99 to view it for my class . I should have been paid $ 1.99 for sitting through the entire movie .
 This was a great story and it would have been one of my better DVD 's in our Christian collection if it were not for the cussing . I really do not understand these film makers . For a movie like this there only audience is going to be Christians , yet they can not resist using their foul language , which limits the sale of their own product .
 Make sure you pay more attention to the running time than I did . I paid $ 2 for 7 minutes of a cartoon ! The word ` episode ' implies at least 23 minutes of showtime . I am disappointed that they did not combine several ` episodes ' to make this a more realistic purchase . The quality was good , however , and it downloaded right away to my tivo .
 The stories are interesting enough , but there is far too much time-wasting artificial drama , with endless interviews . If they kicked it down a notch , and edited it down by 50 % , it would be great . The trainer himself is great .
 I received the disc on time but the disc couldnt be read in multiple players so I returned it for a prompt refund . I like Caesars approach to dog training so I will try to repurchase something else .
 Not impressed with the DVD as it is for Regin 1 , I am not able to watch it , so I will not buy any more .
 I can not play this cd in the Republic of Ireland , so it is of no use to me.I am so disappointed .
 This is nothing but a taped TV show - not a ` training video . ' Being Cesar fans , we 've seen these episodes on the show .
 I must have brought this up on my computer , but I did n't view it or I may have opened and closed it .
 it sucked ... I want my money back you want twenty words like what else can i say besides burn it i am just saying the worst of worse the most popular junk you have fooled people to view
 Was clicking though movies and somehow this got clicked on . Did n't watch , not my type of movie.I got no review .
 A black women and a white women escape a prison run by a lesbian . They are chained together.You think you are in for a chick version ofThe Defiant Ones , except here , half the film goes by before they try to break the chain . They instead hang out and eat mango about five feet from their search party . This is all in one day -- its never darkSome nudity and all the bright oranges and yellows you 'd expect from an early 1970s exploitation film . See it for fun and then forget it.Soundtrack is great .
 The title pretty much lets you know what you 're getting . It 's a grade-C howler but not as blatantly funny as I was hoping . Directed by exploitation film specialist Eddie Romero from a story that originally came from Jonathan Demme -LRB- long before directing `` Silence of the Lambs '' and `` Philadelphia '' -RRB- , this low-budget 1972 action movie was obviously filmed in the Philippines but set in some anonymous third world country . Playing hooker and small-time drug dealer Lee Daniels , blaxploitation superstar Pam Grier plays the first half of the title role , while long-forgotten Margaret Markov is the other half , Karen Brent , an unlikely Patty Hearst-like political revolutionary looking to partner with her comrades to overthrow the oppressive local government . Naturally antagonistic toward each other , they are in a women 's prison camp where they wear inexplicably bright yellow mini-skirts as uniforms . Run by a closeted warden and lecherous matron , the prison is just an excuse for a lengthy shower scene and some half-hearted cat-fighting as Lee and Karen are pitted against each other . Of course , they escape but shackled together a la `` The Defiant Ones '' and continue the cat-fighting until they attack a couple of nuns to steal their habits.Meanwhile , various groups of unsavory men are in pursuit - the loutish drug lord looking for Lee who stole $ 40K from him , the rather passive revolutionaries looking for Karen , and the incompetent police -LRB- who suffer the humiliation of exposing their privates to the drug lord -RRB- . Needless to say , everything eventually comes to a head but not before gratuitous nudity by a number of Filipino women , a dog wears Karen 's panties and some of the worst of 1970 's men 's fashion -LRB- one beer-bellied revolutionary wears a leather halter top with a straight face -RRB- . There is a rather sad ending , but what 's truly sad is how much of the potential black comedy is missed entirely in this hilariously preposterous exercise . Sadly , Grier is disappointing in this outing because her character is not allowed much to do beyond dealing with all the `` jive '' , while Markov is an Amazonian blonde whom I am convinced is trying desperately to be credible . Since no one displays any talent for acting , the rest of the cast is not worth noting , except balding , bug-eyed Sid Haig , who uses his standard psycho persona as the drug lord . The 2003 DVD contains only the original trailer as an extra .
 This weak -LRB- and relatively early -RRB- Pam Grier vehicle is blacksploitation bordering on sexploitation , yet is not strong enough on either count to really satisfy . If you want the former , there 's lots to choose from , including Grier 's classicFoxy Brown ; for the latter , there 's plenty in the Roger Corman canon , evenThe Hot Box -LRB- by Jonathan Demme , who co-wrote the story here -RRB- . If you 're intent on seeing the ebony-ivory tandem of Grier and Margaret Markov , their second collaboration -LRB- 1974 ` sThe Arena -RRB- is the one to get.This is shot on location in the Philippines -- the story is confusingly -LRB- and unconvincingly -RRB- set in Central America -- by that bastion of exploitation , American International Pictures . Despite my proclivity for the genre , the honest reviewer in me must disclose that Black Mama , White Mama is simply not good , even by period standards . Little plot and even less quality acting . Cartoon villains and ketchup-packet blood . Overall , I agree with fellow reviewer DJ Bill that thesoundtrackis the best thing going here .
 If you enjoy other blaxpotation movies of this era , you may find this one bearable . The movie is not altogether horrible -LRB- considering other movies of it 's genre -RRB- -- but it is considerably less interesting than Grier 's better known film , Foxy Brown . Worth watching if you are only interested in Pam Grier 's physique ... otherwise , i 'd recommend you pass .
 Bill Rebane 's campy creature feature THE CAPTURE OF BIGFOOT comes late in the cycle of Bigfoot films that proliferated in the 70 's . Like SNOWBEAST from 1977 , Rebane 's film takes place in a snowy mountain town where a giant monster is roaming the forest killing anyone who crosses it . A rich business man hires the local hunters to trap the beast so that he can put it on display , but their attempts only lead to more bloodshed ! Despite its penniless production , the film manages to pull together a decent cast , many of whom had worked with Rebane previously on THE ALPHA INCIDENT . While the acting holds up well enough , the same ca n't be said for the pace . CAPTURE trudges along endlessly as the hunters search the barren woods for the creature , who only appears for a few brief scenes . The costume is a bit silly , but the ridiculous sounds it makes and the way it shambles through the forest reduce any potential threat that it may represent . This entry is no worse than many of the other shlocky films of its kind , and is only elevated by the performances of Richard Kennedy , Stafford Morgan , and Buck Flowers in the leads.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 I 'm a big fan of the blues and thought , `` Hey maybe we 've got another great blues film here `` Maybe with a full story and full characters and lots of great music eh?I mean , there are some big names in there so it 's got ta be good right?Wrong . The story is transparent , the characters are fairly empty , the whole thing just dragged on and on ... the music was good though.Do yourself a favor and just go watch `` Crossroads '' again , so much better.Glover , I want my -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks back ... and 1.5 hours of you staring at paint dry ... just so we 're even .
 I should have read all the reviews before I bought it . I live in Australia and I had to import it . Arriving yesterday I eagerly sat down to watch and got the same reaction as the other 1 star review . What a wasted opportunity . I love music from that era and I thought I would be in for a treat especially as Gary Clark was involved . BIG MISTAKE . I 'm not sure what the movie was supposed to be about , it sure was n't about the music . Roosevelt Sykes would be rolling in his grave .
 I was looking very forward to this movie , the cover made me think it would be about a guy playing cigar box guitar , but no , its some sort of modern looking pseudo-hobbled-together guitar . It uses modern cigar box pickups with an Epiphone or Gibson neck . Check out wikipedia to get an idea of what was happening in guitars in 30 's to 50 's . Aside from that , the first half hour is full of cliches - did the writer actually do any research on Alabama in the 1950 's ? Not even a trace of accent , a mixture of 30 's and 70 's clothing , the actors use phrasings which are contemporary . I laughed for the first 45 mins or so.The whole thing rolls out like a 50 's version of `` Booty Time '' , except Booty time was a lot funnier . Should I say , somebody 's fantasy of the 50 's ? The entire plot `` situation '' is painfully foreshadowed , we know from the first 15 minutes how this is going to end.The whitey sheriff who likes Glover 's wife 's cooking -LRB- apparently she invents KFC -RRB- , reminds you of `` Smokey and The Bandit '' , which may have served as research material.What movie about blacks would be complete without a rich white women donating an un-useable dress to her maid
 The format for this movie is set up for China -- ca n't play . Very dissappointing since my husband is teaching a blues class and wanted to show it to his students .
 This Mighty Ducks movie is absoutely horrible and the worst of the series . It does n't have any hockey in it . The pranks are really bad and the movie itself is so boring . Do n't waste your time ! Stick with one and two .
 Sorry ya 'll but in my opinion , I thought Mighty Ducks 3 was n't very good . It had a lousy plot and the acting was pretty bad . I thought it was a lousy sequel . I think they should have stopped at 2 because I liked the others better than this one . I ca n't beleive I wasted my money to see this stupid movie .
 Now I am as big a fan of the first two Might Ducks movies as anybody else , they are classics I grew up watching over and over , and until recently I could n't remember much of D3 . Sadly now , I ca n't seem to forget it.The cast is noticeably older , I mean really I dont think anyone can believe Aaron Lohr or Elden Henson -LRB- better known as the bash brothers -RRB- could pass for freshmen in high school . Emilio Estevez is absent from most of the film , seeing as how Bombay is no longer the coach of the ducks , and they have all received full scholarships to a prep school , that Bombay had once attended , under a strict new coach . Of course Charlie -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- being so close to Coach Bombay has a huge problem with this new coach , which deepens when he is no longer the captain of the team , and his teenage angst becomes increasingly unappealing and uncharacteristic.Although there are some high points to the film , my favorite being Dean Portman -LRB- Aaron Lohr -RRB- and his penalty box striptease ; overall this film is hard to sit through , filled completely with old jokes , and recycled scenarios . For some reason Luis has forgotten how to stop again , the cowboy is still roping people on the ice ... even during games -LRB- which I 'm pretty positive would n't fly -RRB- and I could almost swear Bombay gives Charlie the same exact speech that is given to him in D2.I also find it hilarious that Scott Whyte appeared as Gunnar from team Iceland in D2 , and in D3 he is Scott , the varsity team goalie who has a crush on Julie . I always knew he looked familiar.The film had potential , but compared to the previous installments in their glory , D3 is a waste.I will admit I appreciate the appearance by Paul Kariya .
 Buena Vista -LRB- the company that releases Disney films on DVD -RRB- chose to not release anamorphic DVDs when they first came to DVD , so none of these films are anamorphically enhanced . This means , if you have a widescreen television , you will have black bars on all four sides of the picture . Also , these discs are absolutely barebones , only featuring a Dolby 2.0 soundtrack and a 1.85:1 widescreen presentation . Where are the extras ?! I do n't know about you guys , but I am a Mighty Duck fan who is disappointed by the DVD release of this film .
 this documentary is an incredible piece of work.if you are familiar with cuban history , or castro 's era , then you will find that this film is a true relic.unfortunately its in spanish with english subtitles.it deals with famous and not so famous political prisoners.you get to see the paranoid mentality of fidel.how he ca n't stand to have anybody out do him , politically , or ideologically.these ex political prisoners story is a glimpse into the disgusting way the cuban government deals with anybody out of step with socialism.you have to read a lot of books on political prisoners of cuba to truly understand what these guys are describing.armando valladares served 22 years in prisons throughout cuba the hell that he went through is unimaginable.he is just one example , just like huber matos , that rejected this system and throughout the 20 or 22 years that they seved this very same system could n't break them.lets be open minded.castro did do some things that were very good , but his psychosis got the better of him and eventually released the animal that he is known for.power is very hard to handle , this is just one example .
 I hear by fully admitt that I love Italian westerns ! I have an extensive video collection of them , plus a very large library of books based on them . What does that mean ? Nothing except I know my Italian wessterns . SLEDGE is an American film company trying to cash in on the Italian western craze . This was n't new back then , Eastwood came back to America and made Hang 'em High and Burt Lnadcaster 's Lawman was made here too all of which were copies of the Italian formula . SLEDGE tried to go one step further and go to Europe and made an authenic Italian western by Americans . If that does n't make much sense then you now know the problem with this movie . It is too much of a downer even for Italians who loved the down beat plots such as The Great Silence . Vic Marrow the tv actor and first/only time director knows his Italian westerns but his heavy handed scenes put off the viewer . Garner is totally unlikeable here . The hero of an Italian western could be a bad as _ , but they usually had some quirk that balanced out their personality so that the viewer liked them . Not here you never like Garner and that is hard to do with a TV western icon such as him . The very depressing ending of this movie leaves a bitter taste in your mouth . The Great Silence is known for its tragic and very gut wrenching ending but it has a style of sadness that SLEDGE never gets . As for the music , again it is copy of Italian soundtracks that does quite fit . Maybe that is what it the main problem is the elements of this western do n't fit well together . Sometimes when you copy of a painting or drawing the images are n't quite right and the least bit of incorrection stands out and mars the picture . SLEDGE is an oddity of the Italian western period that was dying when this came out .
 Although there are a lot of familiar `` television '' names associated with `` A Man Called Sledge '' , there is nothing extraordinary about the film itself or about any of the performances . In fact , the only thing that distinguishes it from a 1960 's -70 's television series like `` The Rat Patrol '' is a bigger cast and a lot more violence.James Garner is the biggest star and apparently thought he should try to break away from all the light comedy stuff he had been doing -LRB- `` Maverick '' , `` Support Your Local Sheriff '' - `` Gunfighter '' etc. -RRB- . Unfortunately his earthy likability works against him , as Sledge is a humorless character written to cash in on the popularity of Clint Eastwood 's spaghetti western anti-hero . But Eastwood 's stuff was not this flat and uninteresting.I suppose that `` A Man Called Sledge '' could be classified as a spaghetti western although the pacing is too slow to really fit that sub-genre . Fans of the slow-paced `` Combat '' television series will feel an instant connection as Vic Morrow directed the film and co-wrote the script with Frank Kowalski . Throw in some then trendy slow-mo shots and cross-dissolves , which call attention to themselves rather than serve a story-telling purpose.The plot is the standard `` big heist '' thing -LRB- insert `` The War Wagon '' here -RRB- with Sledge plotting how to heist a $ 300,000 gold shipment . His gang includes Claude Akins and Dennis Weaver . The problem is that while on the move the shipment is guarded by 40 outriders and while stopped it is locked in a vault inside the territorial prison . I think there was an episode of `` Alias Smith and Jones '' with the same plot.The story would make a decent hour of television but gets old very fast as a very padded feature length film . Garner does not allow any of his charm to leak into his characterization and the film does not generate enough suspense to hold a viewer 's interest.The thing finally crashes and burns shortly after the heist when the gang engages in a contrived and totally illogical card game , gambling away their shares of the loot to provide some lame reason to extend the story.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 The protagonist of this story is an ungrateful traitor . The communist party trained him to be a great ballet dancer . They gave his family and the majority of chinese people a decent stardard of living compared to the pre maoist hell on earth society . Housing , work , universal healthcare , education , political power , cultural enrichment and food . Things they did n't have in pre maoist china . The partie 's ballet model works were beautiful moving politically and culturally uplifting works of art . Not robotic party propaganda . They glorified the workers , peasants , women , and soldiers . As opposed to glorifying emperors and concubines . I dare anybody to watch video of THE RED DETACHMENT OF WOMEN and THE WHITE HAIRED GIRL ballets and tell me they are not amazing . The protaganist of this story did n't appreciate none of this . He did n't want artistic freedom , all he wanted was greater financial wealth for himself . He is no hero . His story is disgusting and should be disregarded as capitalist propaganda .
 I ordered this movie as a gift for my sister 's birthday . However , the DVD will not play on her DVD player -LRB- which is only about 4 yrs old -RRB- . It plays fine on her daughter 's player -LRB- her 's is a BluRay player -RRB- . So , virtually , this purchase was a waste of my money , and a disappointment as a gift . It seems possible that a BluRay format DVD was put in the wrong case . TOO BAD ...
 When an utem is sold in America I would think it was so it could have been played in America . Have wanted to watch this DVD , thrilled I could buy it and so very disappointed that I could n't watch it . But I did learn that there are zones where things come from and that lets one know wheather it can be played here .
 A made-for-TV-piece -LRB- not literally , but like a TV movie afraid of scaring the horses -RRB- of conformist , bourgeoise foolishness , which might reinforce a right-winger 's view of the world and its fear of China.I also expected better acting , and perhaps a Merchant-Ivory-quality production .
 I had really liked this movie for the first 30 minutes or so . However , I quickly became aware that this film was a narcissistic autobiography that was also serving as anti-Chinese , anti-communist propaganda . I am not Chinese and I am not pro-communist , let me get that out of the way now ! However , when a movie highlights all of the flaws of one side , and only highlights all of the positives of the other side , that is a big giveaway that a book or movie is propaganda ! Li Cunxin literally thinks the grass is greener on the other side . You can see how he preferred Western women over Chinese women and preferred American architecture , lifestyle and culture . He did come off as selfish in the movie . Let 's be honest , he would still be a peasant in rural China if the Chinese government did n't train him as a ballet dancer . He was n't grateful to them for helping him in his formative years . He abandoned his own country and his family after spending 3 months in America . I do n't know , maybe he was brainwashed ? Texas is a very Republican state . Perhaps he knew he was special and resented Communist China for not properly compensating him ? I did further research while watching the movie and realized that Li eventually became a stockbroker . I know I might be generalizing , but that profession speaks volumes about what kind of personality and political views a person has . I know of another movie by a stockbroker who also portrayed himself as some wonder figure , the guy who wrote the book `` The Pursuit of Happyness . '' I started to realize that the movie was all about what a great guy Li Cunxin was , and how he 's better than everyone else and why China is such a bad place to live.I really was n't expecting to be hit with the propaganda sledgehammer when I rented this movie . The message is also anachronistic , because China is very modern and capitalist now . There was also a lot of hypocrisy . He appears to criticize the Chinese government for making ballet dancers dance with guns and perform propaganda shows , but does n't also realize that America is also obsessed with guns and war movies ? Does he not realize that he also created propaganda himself with his book and movie?If you want a sappy , feel-good , biased pro-America movie that ignores the facts and reality , this movie might be for you . If you are educated enough to spot blatant propaganda and hate being emotionally manipulated , skip Mao 's Last Dancer !
 not the wright region and to be honest ive got dvds that are about 10 year old and where in alot better condition
 i bought this movie on dvd and was excited when i got it , but i will not play in any dvd i have , i think it is a foreign dvd or something , anyways i did n't know these could be returned and i missed my return date on it , so now i just buy vhs on amazon
 Battlecreek Brawl , released in 1980 , was Jackie Chan 's first -LRB- and last , for many years -RRB- starring role in a North American film . While the sound and video has been restored , everything else about the movie leaves a lot to be desired . Chan 's physical , linguistic and acting abilities are on par with more recent releases , but he just does n't get the support he needs to make this movie great . This is most noticable in the fighting scenes , as he he seems to be mainly paired up with WWE-style wrestlers who ca n't actually fight worth a damn . As a result , Chan is best when on his own , and the movie ends up being a much better showcase of his acrobatic training than kung fu . Nor is Jackie the fight/stunt coordinator for this film -- that honor going to a rookie who later did the same for the Ninja Turtle and Karate Kid movies . So that should give you some kind of idea of the calibre of fighting going on here.I think the other way this movie went awry was in the decision to make it a period piece , without the financial resources to do so . Anachronism abounds , most notably in a weird -LRB- and way too long -RRB- underground no-holds-barred roller-skate race where the contestants wear very 1970s satin tracksuits . Oy . When it comes time for the brawl , most of the spectators have feathered early 1980s hair and completely inappropriate clothing and eyeglasses , and many of the sets are lacking as well . It 's just distracting . The decision to pit Chan 's kung fu fighting successfully against prohibition-era gangsters requires the creation of some of the wimpiest gangsters ever seen , who perpetually forget that they have guns on them . The racist mobster grandmother also seems to be the only character whose social sensitivities seem accurate to the era , as I guffawed at the idea of a worked-up crowd of spectators in 1930s Texas cheering wildly as a Chinese man kissed his caucasian girlfriend.Take home message - this movie required more suspension of disbelief than I had to offer , without any kind of payoff for the effort . I love Jackie Chan , but this was a regrettable purchase . Who Am I ? , The Acccidental Spy , Police Story , or Legend of the Drunken Master are much better choices .
 Jackie 's first attempt to break into the American market , his english is not the best in this movie . The action is horrid - very slow and choppy - not the typical action you 'd expect from Jackie . Clearly , the American director and stunt choreographers were not familiar with Jackie 's abilities and style , and the film suffers because of it . Well , that and the fact that the plot is really flat and stupid . It is fun to watch Jackie on roller skates , though , and if you are a huge fan this movie is worth at least one viewing .
 Worst jackie chan movie ever . I am huge Jackie Chan fan and have seen about 50 of his movies , this has to be about the worst . I could not even finish wathing this movie it was so bad .
 This film is totally boring ! Fights are boring , plot is stupid and the whole flick sucked ! Only good in this one is the beginning 'cause the theme music is great . That 's all .
 Robert clouse is certainly one fo the worst directors of all-time , I mean it only took jackie like 17 years to be in an american movie again . I have to admit that jackie himself is very enjoyable in this movie , and so is the great mako . But the direction he is under fails completely . The only scenes that I enjoyed were the nonfighting action scenes like jackie roller skating , or looking at the white girl showing some nice skin . But this is not why I picked this up , it said that it was gon na be a big brawl and it sounded like it was gon na be a tournament , but once again robert clouse ca n't even make a better movie than china obrien .
 Ever wonder why someone as amazing as Jackie Chan did n't catch on sooner in America ? `` Battle Creek Brawl '' is a big reason why.This train wreck occurred when the producers of the classic `` Enter The Dragon '' were teamed with Jackie Chan . The big difference ? Bruce Lee had control over his movie and no qualms about voicing his opinion . Jackie on the other hand , had no control or influence over this film . The result is a convoluted mess with the worst Jackie Chan fight scenes you will ever see , but what can you expect when he is fighting untrained actors instead of martial artists ? My recommendation would be to avoid this movie unless you want to see what happens when the 1930s meet roller derbies , mid-century automobiles and really bad professional wrestling .
 I did not know until after I ordered this item that it would take 30 + days to get to me . When I received it 35 days later it was very apparent that it was not new as advertised but very used . The DVD appeared very foggy on the playing surface . Of biggest concern is that the DVD will not play ... the error message is Error
 If you are looking for practices or exercises to learn how to raise your own kundalini energy then this video is not for you . Basically this video is an interview of an energy healer , about how he got interested in energy healing and stories of how he has healed people . I wish they would have put a trailer or something of the video to give you an idea of what the video is about ... instead of a small vague description . The description they had was rather misleading in making you think this is a self-help video when it really is n't . I wish I could get my $ 8 back .
 This movie seems very dated . Some 80s movies still play well , but this one seems to suffer a little more from time than others . The basic storyline about a kid who uses his savings to help someone find her future is kind of cute , but the details of the movie are cheesy be it the somewhat unrealistic photography angle , the gratuitous 1980s topless scenes or the obvious lip-synching of Demi Moore . There 's just something about this movie that does n't quite click for me , but it 's still not too bad as far as old movies go .
 Bad Acting , Bad PLot , The worst editing , The girls are never naked and the kungfu is pretty lame as well . Do yourself a favor and pass on this one .
 Would give it -100 stars if I could.I got this DVD as a present and all I can say is that it is not even worth re-gifting it !!! The story was mediocre , the acting was horrible , and the direction was haphazard . In all truth , I had put it on my wishlist 'cause most of the reviews were extremely positive . Now , I understand how not everyone is going to like everything . However , that idea does not excuse such a bad film.There were a few things that could be considered o.k.
 This movie sucked . It was a pointless film to start with , and the DVD just made it worse . I would very strongly discourage anyone from buying or even viewing this horrid film . Although this is only my opinion , if you are looking for a good action or thriller , I would suggest any of the `` Die Hard '' films .
 This movie was just total junk . Sammo Tung is ugly ... and the movie is so implausible , but has nothing to redeem itself in the way of interesting dialogue .
 I have seen the movie a few times and in my opinion this DVD edition is the best in term of picture quality . Unfortunately it is incomplete . Murder scene in the swimming pool is heavily cut -LRB- is it too violent ? -RRB-
 `` Naked Killer '' is an outrageously trashy yet derivative Hong Kong action-thriller for the `` Basic Instinct '' crowd . The movie has its legion of admirers , but this sort of kinetic mayhem was better served by filmmakers such as John Woo and Tsui Hark . Caveat emptor !
 I would like to download to buy this movie but Amazon , in its infinite wisdom , does n't have a version for the Mac - in the 21st century yet . There are a number of other westerns I would like to buy as well , but I ca n't . Derek
 First of all , I saw this entire show on PBS - it is hilarious ! BUT , the DVD I received was faulty . Although printed with `` The Legendary Victor Borge '' on the disc itself , the actual video on the disc was for `` Jim Rohn Weekend Leadership Event '' - no sign of the legendary Mr. Borge.Even though this is a great show that fans will love , I felt it was necessary to warn other customers that the product might be faulty. : -LRB-
 Do n't want to be ungrateful to Sinister for releasing , but this is an unusually bad print even for them -LRB- faded , worn -RRB- . -LRB- The trailer posted on Youtube is in much better shape . -RRB- Movie is ok , not great but not terrible . No idea where they got the trapeze title idea -LRB- no circus to be seen -RRB- !
 This is the worst western i have ever seen.I have been to high school plays with better acting.In the first five minutes you see a cavalry unit ride in flying a 1960 's infantey guidon . I ca n't believe they paid the actors in this movie , I was embarrased for the the cast.After the first 20 minutes i had to turn it off .
 `` The Way Home '' is about a family in Georgia whose two year old disappears . As they search for the boy , and discover overwhelming support from their community , wounds are uncovered and lives are changed.The saving grace of `` The Way Home '' is that it is based on a true story . It was a lot easier to put up with the film 's snail pace when I knew that the torment haunting each person really happened . In that respect , it is reminiscent of the film `` United 93 . '' The acting was also smart . Heavy emotion can be difficult to play without being cheesy , yet aside from a few embarrassing performances by extras , this cast of mostly unknowns pulled the tension off well.The film as a whole , however , leaves something to be desired . The plot crept along lackadaisically which was a detriment to the emotional tension of the situation . The tension was also counteracted by marketing this as an `` inspirational true story '' which basically gives away the ending right there . So many people were on screen that the two characters who get rounded out feel half-baked in their development.In my opinion , the best reason to watch this movie is for an in depth and accurate look at how emergency response personnel do their jobs in a time of crisis.Full disclosure
 The description of this movie caught my eye . The fact that it was based on a true story made it even more appealing . My husband and I are always on the lookout for good , clean , family friendly movies . So , when I got the opportunity to review this movie , I took it . My husband and I watched it together , as a date night activity . Honestly I was very disappointed.Let me start off by saying that the cinematography was horrible . The camera angles kept changing , spinning around characters and was generally unsteady . The result
 I really hate to give negative reviews . I always try to look for at least one positive aspect of a product to toss in with my negative thoughts . With The Way Home I can not make any positive comments . This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . If it had been a movie that I was n't reviewing , I would have turned it off within the first 15 minutes . However , since I was reviewing it , I watched the whole movie . It did not improve . The acting is awful . Dean Cain -LRB- whom I know his name , but am unfamiliar with otherwise -RRB- was okay . The rest of the acting was downright awful . The actress that plays Christal is extremely over dramatic and seems more like she wants to kill her Husband and / or Son the whole movie than do anything else . I do n't think I would blame the kid for wondering off after dealing with a Mother like her . The directing for this film was also poorly done . The camera is jumpy and often catches the actors at odd angles.Almost the entire movie is spent looking for Joe -LRB- yes , an hour or so of people walking fields and pulling up in their pick up trucks to help -RRB- . Then miraculously , he suddenly appears . It is supposed to be God and their faith that brought him home . I am a Christian and I believe in God , but this was done very poorly . It felt more like watching someone tell a child that if he prays for candy it will appear , he prays , candy appears . Yes , it was that cheesy . Then , the movie was over . I do believe that the intent was good . It was meant to teach some morals and show that faith can help you through anything . It was just not demonstrated well . I can not recommend this movie to anyone.Disclosure of Material Connection
 the actors in this movie were not good and the movie was just too much of the same throughout the movie . Film making was poor quality .
 Little Joe Simpkins disappears from the front yard while his parents are busy preparing for their family vacation . Initially they believe he 's just hiding or playing games , but they quickly realise that the situation 's actually much more serious . As the search for Joe broadens it becomes the heart-focus of an entire community . `` The Way Home '' is a story of a search for a lost boy , but also a search for a man to become a better father and a more trusting child of God.While `` The Way Home '' was n't the worst movie I 've ever seen , it certainly was n't the best and I would n't recommend it to anyone . Despite this , I did feel that this film had good intentions . It 's a shame that the emotions of key characters seemed forced , that relationships were unbelievable , and that the filming left something to be desired.Aside from the negative elements there were still several redeemable qualities . Based on a true story , the film aimed to capture many testimonies to God of His goodness , faithfulness and redemption . Seeing how the community came together to help search for the missing boy highlighted the beauty of what the body of Christ really means.Disclosure of Material Connection
 I usually review books for Thomas Nelson , but this time they gave me a DVD to review . The Way Home starring Dean Cain , is the story of a family in crisis . When Randy Simpkin 's son , Joe , disappears from his driveway right before a vacation , the family fears the worst . As the whole town bands together to search for the lost 3 year old , help comes from unexpected sources , and more than one person learns a valuable lesson about family . The whole ordeal not only tests Randy 's marriage , but it makes him realize the most important things in life
 The story is about a little 2-year old boy who wanders away from home while his parents are getting ready for a vacation . The marriage is strained due to the father 's focus on work . While his son goes missing , and the community starts to gets involved in helping to search over 32 acres , he comes face to face with the priorities in his life . While the story is actually true , and the characters relatable , the movie lacked several things . I believe the plot dragged , the actors showed inexperience , the transition from scene to scene was not smooth , and the scenes almost played on your emotions in the reality of a very stressful situation.As far as the portrayal of Christians , it lacked authenticity . The characters claiming to be Christians were portrayed to be overly calm , with sing-songy voices , all situated in holy huddles , using strengths of their own to solve the problem at hand , and them celebrating in their own works . Disappointing , not true to life . All in all , I would give it 2 out of 5 stars .
 `` The Way Home '' stars Dean Cain -LRB- of `` Superman '' fame -RRB- and is a true story . This Christian-based movie chronicles the story of Randy Simpkins , whose son Joe , disappears one day as the family is getting ready to leave on a vacation . The movie follows the Simpkins family and the rest of the community as they desperately search for Joe . Ultimately , the story is about Randy , the dad who was too focused on work to make appropriate time for his family and his distraction is what led to the events surrounding Joe 's disappearance.The storyline of this movie is good , though it seemed like way too much time was spent on the search for Joe . The movie has great themes and the Christian faith is the basis of what gets this family through such a difficult time . My one criticism of the movie would be the poor acting . Dean Cain is a fine actor but many of the others in the film are not . The woman playing Randy 's wife was not a good actress at all and her portrayal of a mother desperate to find her son was quite emotionless . Because of the poor acting , the movie ended up being a cheesy Christian movie that was based on a compelling true story.On a scale of 1-5 stars , I 'll give this movie two stars for the effort .
 This movie is not my kind of movie at all and I thought it was very boring . I did n't like the story and I thought the acting was n't all that great either . It did have the look and feel of a tv movie . Maybe if you are into this spiritual types of movie you might like it but personally it just was n't all that good .
 i rated this movie 1 star in the hope someone determined not to watch it , would read it . i read the review stats on the IMDB database before watching it with my wife . i do this often to use it as an excuse not to watch sappy or romantic movies . i usually get away with it . fortunately my wife was having none of it this time . the spread was an average of 9 stars for women and a dismal 5 stars for men . i reluctantly gave in when i read it was a true story . it 's the story of a toddler who wanders off from his home in rural Georgia . its amazing and very heart warming to see a whole town pull togather to find this lost boy . contrary to the other 1 star post , this movie is very well made . i especially like the occasional use of hand held camera work . it lends a real life credability to the film . it also conveys an on scene sense that sucks you into the story and its possible outcomes . the acting and depth of emotion are first rate . i saw nothing that would lead anyone to believe that this film was n't done without the highest level of movie making craft . i still cant believe im highly recomending this film , bieng the macho crotchety old man that i am . never the less it is a `` wonderful '' film , not to be missed . the rare type you could watch with the whole family and everybody will enjoy it ! P.S. after what seems to be the end there is more worth seeing when they roll the credits .
 I 've gotten a number of good , Christian , family-values movies and generally love them . Reviews on this made me think it would be the same , and I had high hopes since this had Dean Cain in it . Unfortunately , it was a horribly boring moving with essentially no real plot . Terrible , terrible movie .
 If you 're a parent , then you know that surge of terror that hits your abdomen when you turn around to see that your little one is not in your line of vision . You fear the worst , that they are lost and in that moment there is nothing more important than finding them . Of course , most of us have never actually lost our children . They are usually just in the next aisle at the supermarket or playing hide and seek in the closet . But in the movie The Way Home Randy Simpkins and his wife Christal understand fully the emotions that follow losing a child when their two year old son Joe disappears from their driveway after Randy left him alone for only a minute or two to talk with Christal . What follows are hours of uncertainty as hundreds of their friends , family , and neighbors work together tirelessly to locate their little boy . And as the search progresses , Randy discovers that it 's not only little Joe who needs to find the way home , Randy needs to find his way back to his heavenly father as well , and back to a healthy relationship with his wife.The Way Home is a Christian movie based on a true story and it is written and directed by Lance W. Dreeson and stars Dean Cain and Lori Beth Edgeman . I found , that though the idea behind the movie was very realistic , the script and the acting were not up to par with the storyline . Dean Cain did a great job portraying the terrified father , but Edgeman lacked some of the acting skills necessary to play his wife , as did many of the other supporting cast members . At points , I felt that the acting was subpar simply because the lines they had to deal with just did n't lend themselves to a realistic portrayal . Also , I felt that the whole ordeal was unnecessarily drawn out and lacked the cinematography or music , or events to make it dramatic enough for sustained viewing . I had to watch this movie twice to see the whole thing and I fell asleep both times at one point or another . I did , however , appreciate the Christian angle of the movie . I loved how everyone got together and prayed and how they were all so positive and supportive as a Christian support system . At first I wondered if the movie was n't just too positive in that aspect in that everyone 's faith seemed to surge and grow stronger in the face of this tragedy , but I feel that when I see tragedy in the lives of Christians , God within their lives gives them the ability to be strong , trusting , and positive in the face of many awful things.Overall , I do n't think I 'd recommend this movie because honestly , I just got easily bored . I postponed this review for months because I just did n't want to go back and finish the movie after falling asleep the first time . Unless you 're a pastor or youth pastor and you just want to use portions of it to illustrate your sermon , I would n't suggest you watch it.This DVD was provided to me by Thomas Nelson for free in exchange for my honest review . The opinions expressed here are my own .
 This movie shows the importance of keeping family priorities straight . The movie is clean and shows nothing controversial or ungodly . However , it is very slow moving in it 's story line , and I found myself questioning ` When are we going to get on with the plot ? ' I would rate this movie as acceptable for all ages but if I had seen it before I bought it , I would not have purchased it . This is NOT to say it 's a bad movie because it 's not . I just wish there had been more to the story .
 My better half tells me that the author of this series is very good , and the book this series is based on is excellent . But she agrees with me that this is the worst Swedish film we 've seen recently . This same review will be applied to the other four films in series 1 , save your money .
 I was looking for a documentary on Solomon 's Temple , what it may have looked like to the High Priest or a Levite as they walked around , how Gentiles might have seen the Temple for the first time . But this ! This was a mediocre script read by an armature with some unrelated so-so CGI of the Temple . Yuck .
 NEVER RECIEVED IT , NEVER RECIEVED RESPONCES BACK WHEN I EMAILED THEM SO I HAD TO GO THROUGH AMAZON . DID GET MY $ $ BACK .
 over the years this movie has ignorantly used over and over as a tool of evil . there , i said it.and YES , i absolutely am a christian.fear is not a tool that should ever be used to love folks into the kingdom.the idea of the rapture is less than 200 years old , it was a vision made by a young british woman - > most importantly , THE RAPTURE IS NOT BIBLICAL !!!!!! this is a weird fear based agenda that has no place in the kingdom .
 What a disappointment . From reading other reviews I thought this was going to be a much better picture of how foods are processed.I thought for sure I 'd be grossed out on how animals were processed but was n't . There was n't really anything on this DVD that I did n't already know or assume was taking place.This DVD is way over priced . I would watch this if it was on TV but would not buy the DVD if I could do over.Go look for it on YouTube or something and save your money .
 Everything was fine with this purchase ... until I wanted to return it . It was a gift and the recipient did n't want it . So , I notified Amazon and they notified the seller ... twice . NO response.Amazon gave me a refund . I STILL have n't heard ANYTHING from the seller . Buyer beware !
 I want you to know that I really tried to watch the free 2:12 minutes of this movie , but to be honest ; I had to fast forward three times . I wish that they would let the Internet community see who actually pays for this and give a prize or a free bowl of soup to whom ever can watch the entire thing without touching the fast forward button . * To make-up department
 HONEY 2 WAS NOT AS INTERESTING AS HONEY . I TURNED IT OFF BEFORE THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE . I DID N'T LIKE IT .
 I felt like this movie had no plot line . The acting was n't the best , and it did n't even come close to the first Honey . This sequel could have been much , much better .
 This is one of those movies that puts life into perspective . Why did I spend my time watching this ? What is going on in this movie ? Will it ever end ? I can assure you that this was the longest 54 minutes of my life , and I found my self knawing at my arm.The good thing about this movie is that other movies which are bad do n't seem quite as bad anymore . Sitting in the movie theater , you 'll say to yourself , `` This movie is n't as bad as The Beast from Yucca Flats ! '' It will at a new air of enjoyment your cinema experiences , no matter what the film-making quality!My sympathy to Leonard Maltin , who had to view this whole movie also .
 I best remember this movie for the narrator 's random comment , `` Flag on the moon . How did it get there ? '' Everything else is extremely forgettable.Well , Tor Johnson is supposed to be some kind of large scientist running away or something . But an A-bomb explosion turns him into the Beast of Yucca Flats . Which means he wears ugly rags and runs around , instead of wearing a suit and running around , like he was doing earlier in the movie . Actually , I do n't know what the plot of the movie is , but I think this is really it . If I 'm wrong , I 'm not off by much , and if I am off by much , my plot synopsis is bound to be better than the actual plot of the movie . That 's how bad it is.So some rifle guys in helicopters are called in to hunt down the beast . They see a man in the field with his kid and immediately their minds think , `` There 's the beast right there ! Let 's kill it ! '' So that 's what they do . And I forget how the Beast of Yucca Flats dies , or if he dies , but I 'll always remember , `` Flag on the moon , '' even though I 'll NEVER know what the heck that means .
 I must admit to buying this on DVD for the sole purpose of determining whether I felt it were the worst feature motion picture of all time . There are quite a few to choose from , but this film seems light years ahead of a pack made up of such epics as `` The Slime People '' , `` The Green Slime '' , `` Robot Monster '' , `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' and a few more.I have come to the conclusion that if this film were a little longer and gory it would have won the title of worst film . However , to its credit , there is no real gore , just old-style TV violence -LSB- people get shot , but do n't bleed or suffer -RSB- . Also in its favor , there is no nudity or really cheezy special effects . Basically there is just nothing going on to be interested in and the filming is very dark and the sound is buzzy . There is no dialogue to speak of , just a drunken-sounding narration that seems to make little sense . In the end , I found myself wondering if the 81-minute-long `` Creeping Terror '' might be a better candidate for worst film , but I will have to see that one again.If you can find this film for nearly no cost as I did you might consider buying it for the campy value of having it . Though this film is not terribly insulting to the viewer , it does strain the viewer 's attention span for each and every one of its 53 minutes of run-time .
 ' A prehistoric beast in a nuclear age ! ` No , not G.W. Bush , it 's Tor Johnson!There are some true quandaries in this ` movie ' such as :1 . The narrator slurs his words , is he drunk ? 2 . Whenever Tor moves he looks in pain , did he have a back problems ? And if so how long did it take him to get off the toilet ? 3 . When Tor mouths something , are they real words ? ` I ugh Tor ugh . ' Or ` Tor crush ugh . ' 4 . Is Tor Johnson even human ? What the hell are those knots on his head ? 5 . How much did Tor get paid for this movie ? $ 10 , $ 20 maybe $ 50 ? 6 . If you start running will some one shoot you?I saw this two nights ago by myself , after getting it in a box collection . I beg of you not to make the same mistake I made ! The movie should come with a warning : Warning
 Agreeing with other reviewers , I feel this may just be the worst movie ever made . At least Plan 9 had actual dialog spoken at the same time the movie was filmed . Tor Johnson ` snly line is `` YAHHHH '' , repeated several times when he finds his dead female victim has disappeared . Seems about right . I watched this as part of the 50 movie classics horror films , so I paid about 50c for it . About right
 Everybody knows that this MAY be even worse than `` Plan 9 '' or `` Manos The Hands Of Fate '' and it is . The only problem with this Alpha Video release is that the source print is the worst I have EVER seen . I can not believe a better print was not available . Avoid this and go with the DVD from Image .
 I watched the legendary The Beast Of Yucca Flats for the first time ever on one of those cheapo 50 movie pak DVDs , so there were no extras , save for chapter selection . Given my years of childhood staying awakings throughout the 1970s , and watching every film , it seemed , in the catalogs of such legendary shows as Chiller Theater and Creature Feature , how I missed this is beyond me ; especially given that its lead star is the truly legendary Tor Johnson , of Plan 9 From Outer Space infamy.For those in the know , Johnson was a Swedish wrestler who played a ghoul in Ed Wood 's great 1959 bad film , and , were that his only claim to - ok , let 's call it ` fame , ' that would be enough . However , just a mere two years , and it seems 150 or more pounds heavier , Johnson turned in an even better , or badder , role in the 1961 black and white atrocity , The Beast Of Yucca Flats . Ok , perhaps atrocity is too strong , for this film does have a few of the ` good ' bad aspects that define Wood 's film , as well as the classic Robot Monster . Better yet , it clocks in at a mere 54 minutes in length , showing a decency and consideration most bloated Hollywood bombs never show their viewers . However , it does not have enough of them that it can rank up there with such as the other aforementioned films . Mainly , this is because it lacks all humor ... except for the narration -LRB- by the film 's director , Coleman Francis -RRB- , which is amongst the worst ever in film , save for its unintended humor . The cinematography , however , has no such caveat , as the poor framing , atrocious editing , and unsynched audio track - the film was filmed silently , then conversations were added in later , but it 's a mess , nonetheless , as characters speak only when their faces are not visible , and gunshots ring out only when the pulled guns wander out of frame . Because the director did not care to even allow his actors to speak I do n't think it 's even necessary to delineate them nominally , so I wo n't . Besides , would you even watch this film is you knew it starred Bing Stafford as ... ? No , ai n't gon na give you the name of the actor . The reason you 're even reading this is because of Tor Johnson , anyway . Back to detailed criticism
 Joseph Javorsky -LRB- Tor Johnson -RRB- is a soviet scientist who arrives in a desert town called Yucca Flats as he accidently runs into a nuclear testing site where it mutates his genes turning him into a wild mindless beast . He begins to attack people badly as two police officers Jim Archer -LRB- Bing Safford -RRB- and Joe Dobson -LRB- Larry Aten -RRB- go after him.A really bad and senseless Sci-fi horror movie that ranks as one of the worst movies of all time even among the critics . There 's no score here and this is one of those movies that does n't need a soundtrack . But this is one of the first movies about a mutant killer as it has a similar premise to the Hulk comics only they did it better by making a mutant into a hero monster instead of a killer . The film has terrible acting , bad production values and has pure lameness written all over it.Watch the MST3K version instead of seeing it by itself .
 It 's incredible how a movie can be 55 minutes long , and have a lot of padding . But that 's what `` The Beast of Yucca Flats '' manage to achieve , and you know what else it achieved ? Having the worst make-up design for a monster in film himself . I would n't even bother to call Tor Johnson 's character a monster , he looked like an exhausted obese man with severe sunburn . Putting skin peels on his face does not make him a monster ; I 'm not hoping for Tom Savini quality of make-up design , but the crew should put in more of an effort than that . Tor himself did n't bother to act like a monster , he went through the same motions he did in the Ed Wood movies
 A fat old Russian scientist -LRB- Tor Johnson -RRB- defector with moon pictures gets irradiated Yucca Flats . He becomes a scaly that with a penchant for girl necks . We spend the next 54 minutes watching people running around saying kill them all and let God sort them out.Most of the film is narrated if that 's what you can call it . A side benefit is that we get a chance to see what 1961 cars , cloths , haircuts , and sleazy women -LRB- Lanell Cado ... Woman Strangled in Opening Scene -RRB- look like.The opening scene was tacked on at a later date . If you are lucking you can get a copy of a topless Lanell Cado . And just who is the stand in for Tor Johnson in that scene?Them ! -LRB- Snap Case -RRB- ~ James Whitmore
 I can tell you this is not a good movie , and I know that you - like me - will want to see it anyway . Go ahead , but do n't waste your money on this DVD . Get the `` Horror Classics Collection
 Cool title , Tor , looks like a winner , right ? Do n't be fooled . I love Robot Monster , etc. , and truly believe that Ed Wood Jr. is a far superior filmmaker to Lucas , Speilberg , et al. , but even for a fan of this kind of thing , this one is excruciating . By all means buy it for the cover so friends will think you 're outre hip or whatever , but do not actually watch it or you will hate yourself .
 Cool title , neat cover , Tor , looks like a winner , right ? Do n't be fooled . I love Robot Monster , Kronos , Colossal Man -LRB- BTW , why is this not on DVD ? -RRB- , etc. , and truly believe that Ed Wood Jr. is a far superior filmmaker to Lucas , Speilberg , et al. , but even for a fan of this kind of thing , this one is excruciating . By all means buy it for the cover so friends will think you 're outre hip or whatever , but do not actually watch it or you will hate yourself . I 'm writing this to help people . Ignore at your own risk !
 Tor Johnson , sometime wrestler and Ed Wood feature player , appears in this zero-budget epic as a brute killer deformed in an atomic blast . Low budget movies can be fun in a loony way , obviously . Be warned . This flick is cheesy without the chuckle-headed laughs that make many movies fodder for reverse-entertainment ridicule . The acting -LRB- to use the term loosely -RRB- is wooden . Dialogue is sparse , and mostly done by a dreary narrator . This guy pontificates on the irony of life and lack of justice in the world . The camera teases the viewer in a couple places by lingering shots of skimpily clad women . Bath towels that barely stay in place and baby-doll pajamas look pretty good even in low budget-Ville . Do n't get too engrossed . This aspect of the little scenario goes nowhere . More time is spent on the geeky 50s era family on vacation . They are caught in Lobo 's , er , Johnson 's wave of terror . The Mom with the big frackles and the even bigger cat 's - eye glasses is the stand out . I mean she stands out by the side of the road while looking worried and bored at the same time . This is while the kids are lost and the Dad rushes around looking for Art and Randy . Yes , I said , `` Art and Randy . '' Where are Wally and the Beaver when you need them ? The movie earns a few paltry points -LRB- very few -RRB- for brevity and the `` is he really dead ? '' ending . The DVD edition includes a clear video transfer and acceptable audio . Taste in entertainment is subjective . Tread carefully into this dark place . ; - -RRB-
 The theatrical trailer proclaims that this 1961 schlock-fest was `` filmed ENTIRELY on location in Yucca Flats ! '' How 's that for an endorsement ? Actually , the trailer is far superior to this dreary attempt at Z-grade science-fiction , with no synchronized dialogue but more voiceover narration than any movie in history . `` The Beast of Yucca Flats '' does not belong in the `` so bad it 's funny '' category - it 's just plain bad . Recommended only to fans of Tor Johnson .
 Yawn . I love ` bad ' monster movies , but this one is very dull . The DVD packaging suggests a color film . The actual film is black & white - so what , just fine with me . -LRB- I 'm not picky with my Z-flicks ... -RRB- What I am picky about is fun . As stupid & inept as this film is , I was too bored to laugh or even chuckle after the first 10 minutes . Boring images of a monster and his chasers running around in a drab hilly desert . With only scraps of narration and ho-hum music . Sounds dull ? It really is , capturing none of the inspirational desert horror of ` Eegah ! ' . -LRB- Oh my ` Eegah ! ' , still my vote for the ` Lawrence of Arabia ' of awful monster/desert movies ... -RRB- I never dreamed I would write this , but Tor Johnson 's work in this film is sub-par in comparison with his loftier garbage-bag films for registered trash icon Ed Wood . Tor 's Monster has no flimsy tombstones to knock over , no drugged Bela Lugosi to attack , no dialogue to destroy . Without Ed Wood 's brave inept hand , Tor seems lost . ` The Beast of Yucca Flats ' is boring . A dull film with almost no sound is about as worthwhile as a kid 's home movie . You would n't watch that , and you should n't buy this .
 I am unsure of why I gave this movie two stars instead of one . I think it might have been Tor Johnson 's riveting performance . Well , maybe it was the scene where the sheriff shoots a guy running down the road because , -LRB- 1 -RRB- the guy was running down the road and -LRB- 2 -RRB- he could . Something about this movie just begs for a remake . Maybe they could use Tor Johnson again . Just because Johnson has been dead for more than 35 years would hardly be noticeable if the remake was anything like this movie.The really bad thing about this movie is that the opening scene is the best scene in the entire movie . The movie goes down hill from there . Tor Johnson is supposedly a scientist defecting to the U.S. I suppose the people chasing after Johnson are supposed to be KGB or spies . Regardless , the protection he got from his bodyguards was pitiful , but did give Johnson an excuse to wander off into the nearby desert , which also happens to be where nuclear testing regularly occurred.Now , you might wonder why this particular nuclear testing site was open to tourists . I am going to have to let you speculate on that one , because I have no good answers . The really unfortunate thing for Tor Johnson is that he missed the souvenir stand at the entrance to the site . You know , the one with the two-headed lizards and the replica giant Gila monsters known to have been created by nuclear radiation . I digress.The radiation turns Tor/the Soviet scientist into a mindless killing machine . Tor then stumbles about the desert silently . As it turns out , director Francis Coleman made the movie very silently because he filmed none of the movie with a soundtrack . Everything you hear , Coleman had dubbed later , which is why the little boys lost in the desert sound like they are talking from the bottom of a coffee can . Of course , the lack of sound meant that Tor Johnson could stumble about the desert without making a sound , sneaking up on people to attack them . Yeah , I know . But that statement makes about as much sense as the movie.The local sheriff decides that shooting anyone running about the desert is a sure-fire method of eliminating the killer , no matter how many innocent fathers he has to kill in the process . Of course , if you kill enough innocent people , eventually you have to get the killer through process of elimination . If you ever wondered why the desert is so empty ... Anyway , by the time this movie is over I was scratching my head . I was wondering why I subject myself to these movies . I was wondering who gave Francis Coleman money to make this thing . I was wondering why Tor Johnson agreed to appear in this movie , which killed his career -LRB- it was the last movie Johnson ever made -RRB- . On the other hand , you would have thought that `` Plan 9 from Outer Space '' would have killed Johnson 's film career . You just never know , I guess.On the other hand , if you get all worked up about the sound and picture quality , I can tell you that both seem to replicate the inanity of the original film with too much accuracy.If you have to watch every awful science fiction movie ever made , you absolutely have to get this movie . Is it worse than `` Plan 9 from Outer Space '' ? That is a hard call . However , this movie sure gives that movie a challenge as far as being the worst movie ever made . Just remember , there are some things that were not meant to be seen by the eyes of man , and this movie may be one of them.Good luck !
 According to film lore , THE BEAST OF YUCCA FLATS was filmed without sound and dialogue was dubbed in postproduction . In order to accomodate this effect , the camera usually photographs characters in long shot ; cuts off their heads ; shows a character listening in a reaction shot ; or has the so-called actors cover their mouths at strategic moments . The effect is very obvious and even so there are quite a few moments where characters are clearly speaking but no sound is coming out.This is actually the most interesting thing about the film . The story , such as it is
 The first time I saw BYF was when it was given treatment by the gang on MST3K . It was such a hoot and I enjoyed it so much I thought about buying the movie alone.I recently picked it up as part of the 50 Horror Classics Collection , which I highly recommend , and watched the movie all by itself . I 'm so glad I never plopped down the twenty or so bucks to buy this stinker !! Without the comic relief provided by Mike and the Bots , this movie is virtually unwatchable . I love cheesy B movies , but this thing is off the Richter scale ! Where do I begin ? From no soundtrack to a plot that moves along slower than molasses going uphill in February ! Plus I 've never seen such a collection of homely , unattractive people in a single movie in my life . From the mother of the `` Lost Boys '' to the cop that jumps from the airplane to the `` Cutie-pie '' in the baby doll , you 'd think that Coleman Francis must have picked them up standing in line at the DMV . I think you could force confessions out of hardened crimnals by forcing them to watch this thing over and over again!Finally , I just have a question to ponder . After Tor killed that guy fixing his VW by the side of the road , how did he manage to get into the backseat to strangle his wife without her knowing it ? Tor could n't even fit into backseat of a Volkswagen ! Well , that just goes to show what a joke BYF is ? Watch at your own risk !!
 This movie is so terrible it has a certain kind of charm . The entire soundtrack was either lost or never recorded so the whole thing is either narrated or voices are dubbed onto characters when their backs are to the camera -LRB- most shots of characters speaking appear to have been excised to hide the lost soundtrack so the editing is often choppy -RRB- . Tor Johnson gives his most incompetent ever performance as `` the beast '' -LRB- an atomic blast has turned him into a lumbering killer -RRB- . Several of his takes are obviously messed up - he has great difficulty getting out of an aeroplane for example - but the filmmmakers could n't afford any re-takes . He lumbers through the desert at about 1mph waving a stick at everyone . A wrestling match he has with the police must be seen to be disbelieved . Amazing . Appears to have been cobbled together from half-of-a-finished-film .
 In the realm of bad movies , there is the good-bad , and there is the bad-bad . And then there 's The Beast of Yucca Flats . I call this the good-bad-ugly . The good
 Nobody 's expecting great cinema here , but plenty of other 50s sci-fis had no stars , no budget , no story , no script , no FX , no dialog , no sound track -LRB- all overdubbed -RRB- and of course no talent and still came up with hilariously entertaining moments or even memorable movies on occasion . Alas , not even Mighty Tor Johnson can save this glop ! Commits the worst sin a `` B '' movie can ... it 's BO-O-ORING ! Did MST3K do this movie ? If so get their version .
 This is yet another film that is so bad that you ca n't even enjoy it for camp value . It is just plain stupid , without humor , without acting , without a speck of plot beyond the crudest formula . Scientist gets exposed to radiation . Becomes killer zombie thingie . I did not watch what happened , though I did sit thru several poorly acted murders.Not recommended . There are infinitely better films you can get for the same price . If this film has the reputation of being one of the worst ever made , I am not surprised .
 I would n't wish this film on my worst enemy -LRB- well , actually I probably would -RRB- . This film could easily be used as a child discipline tool -LRB- `` If you get sassy with me again you 're gon na have to watch The Beast From Yucca Flats again ! '' -RRB- , but if someone caught wind of that , you 'd be reported for child abuse . Never before has a 54 minute film seemed so long and boring . In fact , the film does n't even feel like a feature film , but more like a cold war propaganda film they would show in schools back in the 50s . Tor is a scientist -LRB- yeah right -RRB- that survives an atomic blast in the desert and becomes some scarred mutant killer . He 's supposed to be on a rampage I guess , but up until the final minutes he just wanders around the desert . Two cops try to hunt him down . A family gets stuck in the desert and Tor goes after their two boys in the not too exciting climax . The film was n't shot in direct sound . That 's not a big deal to me usually coz the Italians do it all the time , but this was rotten . In the few cases of dialogue , never once do you see a character 's mouth move . Their backs are always to the camera or at a distance or covered by shadows , making the dubbed voices all too obvious . The only sound effects in the film are gunshots and vehicles . No other sounds are heard but the background music which is nonstop throughout . And of course there 's a narrator . This film needs a narrator like Paris Hilton needs to go on a diet . The opening scene features a topless woman stangled -LRB- I assume by Tor-we do n't see anything but shoes and hands -RRB- in her home . This scene was thrown in just for the sake of having a scene with a topless woman , which was probably quite taboo at the time . It makes no sense otherwise coz Tor 's monster is `` born '' in the desert and dies there . When the hell did he make a special trip to some chick 's apartment ? And why does this scene take place before Tor is transformed ? Take into consideration that I love bad B pictures , and when I say that one is terrible , you know it 's really got ta suck . The concept is cool , and certainly could have been B movie heaven if done right , but ... well , it was n't . Painful .
 Move over Plan 9 , THIS is the worst movie in the history of cinema . It 's not even a movie , it looks and feels more like an hour of stock footage . Everything you 've heard about this movie is true , but you must watch it to truly understand how bad this is.This film was shot without sound for whatever reason . There is just some voice over hear and there . Our narrator sounds like your favorite high school teacher who spoke in monotone . I have not counted how many times he said the word ` progress ' , but whenever he spoke you knew it was coming.There is no acting in this film at all except for people pretending to die . 99 % of this movie is people walking around aimlessly . The housewife probably did n't even know she was being filmed half the time . People have asked about the rabbit at the end . Simple . Someone aimed in the camera on a rabbit running along . Someone thought it would be a good idea to get some interaction with Tor and the rabbit . Effective ? Hardly . Thought provoking ? Uh-uh . Pointless ? Absolutly.The ` Bad Movie Convention ' of America should give out awards to anyone who can sit through this . It really is a tortutr . If it was 90 minutes , I do n't think I could do it .
 This video is alright . Eric Roberts is not very believable as a young school aged boy , and his physical acting during the painting and symphony scenes is distracting and overdone . The video has elements not included in the story , perhaps to make Paul seem a more humane character than the cold portyal in print . In the written story , he seems to simply shut out his father and look down on his peers with an aloof disdain . However , the movie shows a boy who tries to please his father ; a boy treated cruelly by his classmates . Though nicely filmed and authentic in appearance , the film tries too hard to accomplish what the story did not .
 I have an excursion booked for a cruise this coming summer to see this beautiful place first hand . I discovered a link to this product on the NCL review page for the excursion -LRB- Here
 pretty sure this is just someone 's vacation footage . no narration and just a piano playing in the background . it was only a 1.99 , but i 'm a little surprised at the quality .
 Thoroughly enjoyed the half about the Golden Gate Bridge . Really unbelievable . Eye opening , I had never heard anything like that about the bridge before.The half about her relationships and living in her city , not so much . The style showing scenes from all over the area were great at first , but then started to feel like a slide show . Slow paced , could have used a little more creativity . Overall , would not recommend . Too dry and artsy to be considered a documentary .
 Just flat ou boring would not tell anyone that this is a good movie . Boring , boring terible movie , all the actors moved onto bettet things . This is one of their worst
 I own this movie on VHS . The movie is great -- one of my favorites -- but the quality of the instant video version is so bad it is almost unwatchable . I want my money back ! It 's murky and out of focus . I hope the DVD is better . Avoid the instant download version -- you will regret it .
 And it is chaotic , incomprehensible ! Jessica Hahn , top billed is on display for about 90 seconds -LRB- you think she can act ? -RRB- Everything else is chop suey , editing room out-jokes -LRB- the opposite of in-jokes -RRB- , vapid , soft core , exploitation . This movie was made by people who know that a name in the news , and female nudity will separate a certain type -LRB- worldwide -RRB- from their cashola .
 I never got this product . I recieved an e-mail that mentioned , the product was returned to the whare-house , and my money was re-funded
 Rod Cameron was a fine cowboy actor in the 1940s and in the 1950s turned to television . This spaghetti Western from mid-1960s is fairly pathetic movie .
 Well for starter i had this movie on VHS and i loved it the only problem with this movie . In the setting for the language it did n't let me prompt it to play audio for english . The setting was there but it did n't work and that to me was disappointing . For this was a great movie audio is really important we do n't speak the language . The setting for subtitle work fine . I have to call you on this one not happy with that defect .
 I love this movie and was ecstatic to get it at such a low price . But when I tried to watch it , it would n't play in my dvd player or on my computer . The only way I could watch it was on my family 's old xbox . . Really weird . I would rather pay a few more dollars for a compatible DVD . It is extremely annoying that I ca n't watch a DVD on a DVD player . . But not worth the shipping to get a refund .
 Well , you can enjoy this movie even without buying it
 ... that with Jane Fonda and Robert Redford in a Neil Simon 's play there would be some entertainment . But , because of -LRB- and no thanks to -RRB- Gene Saks ' unability to be a real director , the result was pure crap , no matter how hard the leads could try
 I received the movie but it would n't play on any of the DVD players I tried ! Disappointing ! It 's one of my favourite movies .
 This film was entertaining for the first five minutes and then it became almost tortuous to sit through . It is so vapid . The couple is severely mismatched and you actually end up hoping that they do n't get back together in the end because in the long run , they lawyer especially , would be better off without such a dingbat woman for a wife . Now both of the lead actors are in their prime in this movie and they are both very good looking . Robert Redford bears an almost uncanny resemblance to Bill Clinton , although , even better looking . Jane Fonda does well in her dance routines . But truthfully , I see little reason to even bother with this film .
 DVD was formatted for use in Europe . I was able to change some settings to play it , but it was n't what I expected .
 The show was only okay . I have seen many of Neil Simon 's works I felt they were all okay shows an this fit all of his others . The show was well acted but I had little interest in the character 's success
 Love Redford , love Fonda , hate them both in this movie -LRB- not the writing , but them - horribly miscast -RRB- . If you want to see how great this movie should/could have been , watch the HBO Richard Thomas/Bess Armstrong version on youtube .
 As expected , I wish I could have gotten this movie for cheaper . If I could have gotten this for cheaper that would have added a star . I got this because I thought this was a far better movie from the jacket .
 This is a flick I remember seeing at the local drive-in as the 4th feature of a monthly horror night . By the time it was shown , our packed car was sound asleep , except for me , but it was definitely worth staying awake . I thought this was the funniest and weirdest movie around , and probably the only comedy-horror-adventure movie featuring two gorgious women and dozens of very , very stupid jokes . I 've been looking for it on VHS and DVD for several decades now , so I plunked down my $ 15 without even thinking about it.Ooops ! Like I say , that was 40 years ago , and a lot has changed . Principal change ? Not funny anymore . Even the single best line -LRB- ` Oy , have YOU got the wrong vampire ' -RRB- was n't even all that great ... absolutely hilarious in memory - on the TV screen ? Uhhh , not so much . And while the Count 's son was so extraordinarily fey back in the sixties , again , today ? Not nearly so much ... A lot was made of the fact that this was Sharon Tate 's last movie before being murdered . For that , it 's probably worth existing as a historical document on a library shelf , and that is precisely where my copy 's headed . My plan is to donate it to the local biblioth&egrave;que in the hope that it will spare some other poor unfortunate soul from purchasing what is now pretty much a P.O.S.As a movie I give it one star , as a piece of history , two .
 i 'd been wanting to see this film for ages - as a fan of polanski and vampire films of the genre . when i finally did , i wish i could reclaim the 2 hours of my life i spent to watch it ... in viewing the film , i can understand how it may have once been funny . unfortunately that was over 35 years ago . today , it 's merely dull . i 'd describe the acting as camp - more slapstick than humorous - but not camp enough to be enjoyable . immediately after seeing the film , i could n't recall a single line of dialogue - so there was nothing quotable . the plot is haphazard - you do n't really understand that the characters are trying to do or why . and without such an understanding , you never quite figure out why a professor would tolerate such an idiot for an assistant - especially since the ultimate ramifications are pretty high . and the ending is just thrown on - sort of like they got tired of making the movie.on the up side , sharon tate is beautiful - you can understand how she captured polanski 's attention . some of the set designs are stunning - particularly the interiors . the filming , while alternatively stunning and jittery , is interesting to watch.however , these plusses do n't outweigh the negatives . while watching the film , i kept on saying to myself `` this is the guy who did ` rosemary 's baby ' ? '' i could n't quite figure out what he was parodying or trying to point out . then i gave up after i realized that it was n't worth the effort . frankly , i 'd skip this film and pick up an old hammer horror film with christopher lee instead .
 Laughably awful ... though , I suppose a success on some level . Purchased for my father , who got a kick out of it .
 There 's a reason Polanski is not known as a comedy director . I dont know . Maybe this was funny by 60s standards ? Laugh-in ? This film certainly wasnt scarey . And the cut erotic scenes are G-rated by 2007 standards .
 I read the reviews prior to renting this movie and think overall they are inaccurate . The movie has a few laughable moments ; however , overall it is not funny . I wish I had not wasted my money .
 As a longtime Polanski fan , I was greatly disappointed when I finally bought and watched the DVD of this film.I suppose comedy is in the eye of the beholder , but in my opinion most everything in the film is poorly staged and falls flat . The humor is purely physical , and involves doofuses getting jammed crawling through tiny windows , hit on the head with salamis , and falling down steps repeatedly . There are certainly some interesting Polanski touches -- and the film often looks striking -- but the film is confusing from the very beginning . The story starts off in an inn -LRB- apparently in Transylvania -RRB- , and the viewer is thrown headlong into the story before the characters have been established or their relationships defined . I had to watch the film a second time to catch what was going on . -LRB- The film was edited at some point without Polanski 's input , so perhaps the editing led to the confusion . -RRB- Once the story switches to the vampire 's castle , the action picks up quite a bit , but even so , as a Hammer parody , `` Vampire Killers '' leaves a lot to be desired.Fortunately , Polanski did n't veer into comedy too often , his only other attempt being the big-budget disaster , `` Pirates . ''
 Viewed
 Caveat emptor . The tip-off that you get what you pay for is when the director has a starring role . I fear that this is Roman Polanski 's finest work and he , his Fearless Vampire Killers , and its subject matter share one thing in common -- they all suck.This film is so bad it 's not even cliched , yet those who have a taste for heavily endowed women in Edwardian attire will not wag their tongues as I do . Twelve year old boys ... pull up a chair . The Fearless Vampire Killers is potentially the crudest film one might stumble into . In fact , it may actually require the inability to walk erect to be amused by it .
 I love the old hammer vampire films , so a satire on them sounded good to me , and the glowing reviews of this video suckered -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- me into buying it . Oh boy . It is a really really REALLY bad attempt by Polanski to be Mel Brooks . I love bad movies , but this one is so bad it 's not even entertaining . It will bore you to tears . You can see where the jokes are meant to be , but they are so resolutely NOT FUNNY , you will begin to wonder if Polanski is trying to employ some sort of meta-humor never before seen on planet earth . The only explanations I have for Maltin 's positive review is either that a -RRB- he is an alien , or b -RRB- he has not seen the movie , but seeing Polanski 's name attached to it , decided it must be good . That seems most likely . Fearless Vampire Killers is not good . It is terrible . If you do n't believe , me , rent it and see . You 'll thank me for not encouraging you to buy it when you experience for yourselves how godawfully boring , humourless and inept it really is . There 's more laughs in the camp factor of the original vamp films this one purports to parody .
 I 'm stunned , STUNNED , at all the 4 and 5 star reviews of this film . Watching it , I found it to be beautiful and atmospheric in its sets and cinematography . It is a shame it was n't a full on horror film , ala Hammer Films . The two younger women in the film are nice to look at , Sharon Tate especially . However , this film is supposed to be a comedy , and it is painfully unfunny . One mild chuckle at best , and now I am hard pressed to remember what that was for . Looking for some reassurance of my opinion , and finding little here , I read Roger Ebert 's original 1968 review for the film at www.rogerebert.com . The review is funnier than the film , and it 's not one of Ebert 's funnier reviews .
 No plot , no acting skills displayed -LRB- except bad ones -RRB- , poor music , poor photography , and an overall worthless movie from start to finish.This movie is billed as a comedy but fails in every aspect of movie making . It is not funny . The plot is non existant , and the music and photography are not just bad , they are awful . The viewer can not tell night from day , and the story line does n't help one decide if it is night or day . The acting is so bad that it makes a cartoon look good . The sound is also bad and the dialog is almost impossible to follow.One star is too much for this movie . Avoid it at all costs .
 I really thought that these where in color . You see We have a daughter who is 27 years old but mentally she about a 3 year old . But she loves music.Big band , Jazz , you name it . Her optical adjustment to `` poor quality '' black and white is very limited . Both DVD 's are really useless for our concerns .
 i watched this movie bc it had a number of high ratings . bit of a disappointment . Had a feeling that those that rated it high were a little religious in their perspective .
 Why is the DVD aspect ratio 1,77:1 since the movie was shot on 2,35:1 . Why ca n't portuguese and brazilian films be released on DVD in the intended aspect ratio by its Director ?
 Astral City was perhaps not quite what I was expecting , it was well done and admirable from many points of view , but it would suit the catholic belief system better than my own . It was a bit old fashioned in its concepts , predictable , I would not recommend it unless the buyer were a catholic , it might be nice for them to see . It offers maybe a different way of looking at what 's next .
 but not scriptural even from a Douai version . It is a concept promoted by a medium and how that medium feels about the &#34; good &#34; he is doing for the &#34; stuck in Limbo &#34; folk . The movie borrows from many sources , but relies more on the Roman Catholic dogma . I gave it 2 stars because this medium gave his book which I 'd call a &#34; religious stew &#34; , a shined and polished look , and patted himself on the back all at once . This movie is a great example of how people can make money off stew that has absolutely no nutritional value .
 Perhaps my expectations were to high , or perhaps its it that I do not see things from a purely western perspective . I felt the film was great if you adhere to the western version of heaven and hell , redemption and being `` saved '' . It appears to me that those who feel they are `` saved '' want to `` see '' what the ever after might be like for them . This film appears to give you a glimpse of what it MIGHT be like . Therefore , for those already in that mind set this might be a good film . It definitely was not my cup of tea .
 I love the brady bunch , and have for a while . so when a movie came out about them , I saw it and thought , `` blah . '' i do n't think that they got very good actors at all , and i think that he whole trying to win 20,000 dollars thing was blah . and i just think that they kind of ruined the classic brady bunch series .
 I love the brady bunch i see it all the time on tv land then i shall this movie i That it was post to be based on the tv show it was not all it was is just a movie that is making fun of the brady bunch its just another spoof movie like scary movie or airplane why did they call this movie the brady bunch if it was a spoof of it if you like the brady bunch then dont see this it is just a spoof and making fun of good pepole trust me its not worth it in les you are looking for a good spoof movie .
 I am a 6th grade teacher . After reading `` Bud , Not Buddy '' , and learning a lot of background of the Great Depression , I thought this movie would be good to wrap up the unit . For 6th graders -LRB- and below -RRB- they really could n't follow along with the format of the film . Some events were familiar , but all in all , they were a bit bored due to being lost . The film itself is great . But not for elementary aged students .
 One would have thought that with a good script , very good actors and a story based on real life that this film would be entertaining . I sat and watched and kept waiting for it to get better . It was like the whole thing had been put together very well and all the gaps were there for the laughs , but I was n't laughing . I would recommend you rent this film first . I bought it second hand and had sold it within a week . It did not even have the quirky appeal of a cult film . I felt sorry for those involved and I hope being associated with it does n't hurt their careers too much . I hope you feel differently to me .
 Once again , an inexplicable parade of glowing reviews for an unfunny movie . You all remember The Last Shot when it was in the theaters , right ? The $ 30 million opening weekend , the $ 200 million total gross ? No ? Good , because this movie , if it ever made it to theaters , lasted about two seconds . I ca n't imagine how anyone could think a movie with the star power of Matthew Broderick and Alec Baldwin , but which no one saw in a theater , could be any good . It 's not . This movie was buried for a reason
 This is my favorite production of the ALICE books . I love the sets , songs , and casting . It 's also very British , which I think adds another great element to the mix.However , skip this DVD edition . I got it , excited to see ALICE 'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND in widescreen and , perhaps a better print than what 's previously been available.No such luck.The DVD appears to be struck from the same crappy VHS version that 's been out there for ages . Faded colors . Pan-and-scan . In this age of DVD , quality like this is such a shame .
 This is a very interesting adaptation of Alice in Wonderland , featuring a plethora of major British actors from the time this movie was made . Note that today 's younger audience , weened on an MTV diet of rapid cuts and incredible CGI , may find this slow . But if one can get beyond that , it 's most definitely worth a watch.That said , this DVD transfer is basically UNWATCHABLE . It 's not clear what source they used for the transfer , but there are TERRIBLE audio pitch problems throughout the movie , with wow and flutter horribly apparent . This is particularly problematic for a movie like this with a significant orchestral and vocal score . If you have any sense of pitch , you 'll find yourself pulling your hair out listening to the off-key strings ! The video quality is pretty horrible , as well -- worse than standard cable . A real travesty .
 I buy every single thing I can find that has Michael Crawford in it and so I bought this . It is pretty bad . I could put up with anything if Michael sang or you could see his face but , alas , that is not the case . I watched it with a child who said , `` This is boring . '' My sentiments exactly .
 I purchased this for my daughter after just having seen Tim Burton 's version . She was very interested in Alice in Wonderland so I thought why not ... The cover of the dvd I have is different and has definitely been updated to reflect the times . I knew it had to an older version as Dudley Moore is dead now but nowhere on the dvd packaging did it say 1972 . If it had I would n't have bought it . Yes , it has a big cast but absolutely no budget , and I agree with the other reviewers , the DVD transfer is HORRIBLE . What a waste of money . That being said , my daughter is watching it but I find it too odd .
 Alice in Wonderland has probably been turned into movies more than any other children 's book . Every decade sees at least one version made for TV and one theatrical production . This version was a made-for-TV musical , and includes a cast full of famous actors and actresses . But this does not help , as the movie falls flat on numerous counts.For a TV special made in the early 1970 's , the set design , visual effects , and costume design are lackluster and needs improvement . For example , Tweedledee and Tweedledum look like they are wearing fat suits . The mushrooms , trees , and other set pieces clearly look like plastic molding . Even the falling leaves in the outdoor scenes fall straight down like they were made of plastic instead of being real leaves that drift to and fro in the air.The acting also needs improvement . The character of Alice looks and talks like an adult woman , which totally defeats the essence of the story . And her acting is so contrived . For example , when she falls down the hole into wonderland , she does not seem worried at all , and instead gives the viewer a commentary of her thoughts and apprehensions . The cheshire cat has no personality , and the mad hatter does not seem any more crazy than anyone else in this movie . All in all , a horrible movie .
 I am in a quandry . I do n't know which is worse - the bad transfer from a poor film or the so-called music . Both suck . The transfer is from a bad copy of a bad quality film . The music is so insipid I can barely call it music . The people who rated this more than 2 stars must have been smoking , shooting , dropping , or snorting something illegal . Or jerks who have no taste whatsoever . This is one for the trash bin , pure and simple . Do NOT waste your time or taste .
 PU . All that talent , a significant budget , a perfect story , and incredible characters can not overcome this utterly wasted effort in bringing Lewis Carroll 's beloved tale to the screen . Disregarding all media issues such as sound and image quality , the slap-dash editing alone is enough to make one nauseated . Do n't waste your time -LRB- even if you 're rotting in prison -RRB- or your money -LRB- even if someone offers to pay you to view it -RRB- on this disaster .
 So I saw this one live action Alice in Wonderland movie and it sucked !!!! But I 'm confused this is n't the same girl in that movie so this another live action movie , I think it is . I 'm not sure if I want to risk boring myself with other crap ... so will I watch this verison ever ... who knows
 This DVD is the worst quality ever ! Looks like someone make a copy of a bad tape ... the colors change and look grainy.Also , despite a lot of good stars , I have to guess they would be embarrassed to look back on this now . The songs are awful and the music is really blah.I like the story and I could barely sit through it .
 This was my favorite film version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland until I watched this DVD. : -LRB- The music track is especially ruined . Thank goodness I still have the original LP soundtrack .
 I am one of those who bought the movie for the privelege of seeing a young Michael Crawford -LRB- Phantom of the Opera -RRB- running around in a rabbit suit . Once I got it in the VCR , not even that motivation could induce me to sit through the entire movie . None of the actors are memorable , and the general feeling one gets is of boredom and irritation . The movie does follow the book it is based on very closely , making use of special effects to make a live - action `` Alice '' believable , the costumes are remarkable , and Dudley Moore lends a kind of charm to the Dormouse , but the movie loses the magic of the Disney film . This version of the Lewis Carroll classic would be good for `` Alice '' buffs and possibly tolerant children with large attention spans , but it is less than adequate as a form of entertainment during a boring afternoon and hardly does the charming book justice .
 I love Alice , and I love low-budget works full of heart , but this production was so relentlessly mediocre that I just could n't bear to finish it . The songs are lifeless and as poorly paced as the rest of the performance , and the script lacks any spirit ; overall this production adds nothing new to the story , yet fails to convey the charm of the book -LRB- or , for that matter , nearly any other production I 've seen -RRB- . As another reviewer mentioned , the DVD itself is unimpressive - the chapters are , as near as I could tell , either random or simply timed , without regard to content . If this production is a familiar favorite from your childhood , it may be worth something -LRB- unless the DVD transfer is as disappointing as it seemed to me -RRB- ; if you 're looking for something new , look elsewhere .
 I loved this movie as a child so I thought I 'd buy the DVD . I saw one review about the picture quality being prety bad but I went ahead and bought it anyways . I figured a slightly scratchy print would be better than a used video tape with picture rot.I was not prepaired for how wrong I could be.It basicaly looks like they struck this copy from a mutilated 16mm projector print . The print has bad sprocket damage which causes the image to shake on the screen . It seems like they used the bulb from an easy bake oven to project this print . To call the picture muddy would be a compliment . All the life and color has been sucked out of this film . Did I mention that the film was n't even focused . The sound was pretty bad as well but I 'm not much of an audiophile to realy talk about that.Do yourself a favor and look for the VHS version . It ca n't possibly be worse than this copy.Or could it ? : - -LRB-
 So , Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland has been released on DVD . That 's the good news . The bad news is that the print is so bad , I 've got a ten-year old video taped from a TV with a faulty aerial in better shape ! So , only get this if you are desperate -LRB- it is cheap -RRB- and even then think twice and do without it.The company concerned is Platinum Disc Corporation of La Crosse , WI , USA , and may God have mercy on them for having the nerve to put this out for public consumption . It 's pan and scan , unsurprisingly and appears to be region free . Pity the whole thing was n't ! It 's such a shame that it 's not a decent transfer as it 's an excellent film . In fact , I was quite surprised to find so much music not on the original Warner Brothers soundtrack LP.The film itself is still delightful viewing , with Fiona Fullerton giving a very self-assured performance for one so young . And she , at least , is recognisable . I suppose the drawback of employing some top actors and actresses in a film of this nature is that disguised as many are , it could be almost anybody ! But always good to see Peter Bull -LRB- The Dutchess -RRB- and Michael Hordern -LRB- The Mock Turtle -RRB- in any production.So , definitely worth seeing but maybe wait for a better transfer to DVD .
 Like many others , I really enjoy this version of ALICE 'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND and was really looking forward to seeing this again on DVD . However , this DVD release can hardly be called watchable ; in fact , it is n't . It is , without question , the worse video presentation I 've ever encountered ... with the audio not far behind . I thought I was watching someone 's videotape as filmed through a webcam ! It 's THAT bad ! VHS videotapes look much better than this . Not only is the resolution less than standard VHS , the movie appears to have been transferred from a second-generation VHS copy that suffered water damage ; lots of video noise , flashes , uncountable noise artifacts , you name it . It is unfathomable to me that a company could pass this off to the public and actually ask money for it . The movie is good , but this DVD is terrible ! Stay away from the `` Screen Media '' release of this DVD ! **************** JUNE 2010 UPDATEI recently re-purchased this movie through Amazon.co.uk . Though I must warn potential buyers of this new `` Oracle Home Entertainment '' March 2010 release that this version is a Region 2 PAL DVD and will not play in most U.S. DVD players . -LRB- However , there are several work-arounds to overcome this limitation for those who are video savvy . -RRB- The image quality , as well as the sound , are tremendously superior to the old Screen Media release ! Furthermore , the Oracle release is the original 2.35:1 aspect ratio -- not full-screen pan & scan . However -LRB- and to my disappointment -RRB- , this new widescreen release is NOT anamorphic , but rather , 1.33:1 letterbox widescreen . Still , the image quality is so much nicer that even when magnifying the picture to fill a 16x9 television , it 's far , far superior to the Screen Media version and now a real pleasure to watch.If there will ever be an anamorphic widescreen and clean release of this film , I do n't know ... but I 'll continue to hold out hope .
 I should 've known not to order this version . Alice In Wonderla ? The transfer is the worst in my DVD collection . Horrible picture quality -LRB- reminds me of a reel-to-reel projector -RRB- and only slightly better sound . It 's a shame too . I remember this little gem of a musical from my childhood . I was about 6 years old when it came out . For me , Fiona Fullerton became the definative `` Alice '' . She really is wonderful ... with that lilting little voice . In fact , the entire cast stands out . I love every minute of it . I hope this gets re-re-released someday with total restoration in widescreen and dolby-whatever ! I 'll buy it again . In the meantime I 'll watch this version regardless of how crappy it 's presentation . I do think I will avoid any DVDs by Platinum Disc Corp. . Do I smell somebody looking to make a quick buck ? At least I expect the picture quality to be better than a bad EP VHS recording ! I 'd be interested in knowing if the quality of the VHS is better . Anybody?Anyway , DVD gets 1.5 stars ... the movie itself is 4.5 stars -LRB- if you did n't grow up with this sort of thing then avoid this movie at all costs . For me , `` Alice '' is up there with Wizard of Oz and Willy Wonka and The Chocolote Factory -RRB- . By the way , children should love the manic pace . It 's a blast!Another note
 ** 1/2 `` Drillbit Taylor '' is little more than a watered-down version of `` Superbad '' - not really a surprise since one of its writers , Seth Rogan , also had a hand in crafting that earlier , much more sophisticated work . Yet , ironically , Rogan may actually have become a victim of his own success , for , since its release in 2007 , `` Superbad '' has become the gold standard against which all subsequent revenge-of-the-nerds comic fantasies must now be measured - and `` Drillbit Taylor '' falls far short of the mark.Nate Hartley , Troy Gentile and David Dorfman play a trio of 9th graders so terminally nerdy that they make the geeks in `` Superbad '' look like letter-wearing party animals in comparison . After suffering endless humiliations at the hands of the school 's uber bully -LRB- Alex Frost -RRB- and his simpleton sidekick -LRB- Josh Peck -RRB- , the boys decide it 's time to hire a professional bodyguard to teach the jerks a lesson . They alight on one Drillbit Taylor -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- , a homeless ne'er - do-well who signs on for the assignment for a nominal fee - or so the boys think.Far more dunderheaded than it is satirical , `` Drillbit Taylor '' boasts a few good laughs that do n't quite compensate for the movie 's predictable storyline or its frequent lapses into `` feel-good '' sentimentality . However , the performers are generally likable , and at least the hordes of extras milling around in the background look like they might actually BE high school students for a change - not the collection of superannuated adolescents that generally populate modern teen flicks . It 's a minor triumph to be sure , but a triumph nonetheless .
 Wade and Ryan are just two kids getting ready to go their first day of High School . Their about to go through 4 of the best years of their life . Well , at least until day 1 starts . That 's when Wade and Ryan see another freshman getting stuffed into a locker by 2 high school bullies . Wade , to Ryan 's displeasure , decides to step in and stop what is going on . And so begins their days of being brutally picked on . It does n't help that Wade is as skinny as a toothpick , Ryan is short and fat , and Emmit , the kid they ` rescued ' , is about 4 feet tall and befriends them like a parasite even though Ryan does n't want to be friends with him . Thanks to Wade , the three of them are constantly picked on and bullied around by the 2 high school bullies and there is nothing they can do about it . They even go to the principal to complain , but the principal does n't believe it or does n't care -LRB- could n't figure it out -RRB- cause the bully is such a nice and polite kid in front of parents . So they take matters in to their own hands and hire a bodyguard to protect them . And in walks Owen Wilson as Drillbit Taylor . Drillbit is a homeless ex Army Ranger . He decides to work for the kids , but really he 's just going to rob them blind . He just wants to leave and go to Canada , but needs to ` earn ' the money for the plane ticket.The story is pretty 1-2-3 with some comedy thrown in . If I say this is a ` typical ' Hollywood movie , then I 'm pretty sure you can guess how the rest of the story is going to go , and trust me when I say it does.Now I 'm sure you are saying , `` Yeah , but at least it 's funny . It 's got Owen Wilson '' . Well first off , if you 've seen an Owen Wilson comedy movie , then you 've really seen them all . He barely changes . His comedy is the same all the time . He might be louder sometimes than others , but his delivery is the same . I 'm not saying he 's a terrible actor , I 'm just saying his funny side is always the same -LRB- which can be bad or good depending on the viewer -RRB- . Secondly , some of the story was just way too out there . For instance , we have a homeless guy , who puts on a suit , and then somehow tricks a school into letting him be a teacher . Classroom AND Gym teacher . All because he 's holding a coffee mug ... * being rolling eyes ... now * . I honestly and truly did n't find myself laughing at this except for one scene and that was when Wade and Ryan decided to learn to take a punch . They just start hitting each other as hard as they can in all types of body parts and hearing each of them scream after each hit had me laughing pretty hard . Wade has the pre-maturist man scream ever . The half scream , half cry was so funny . But other than that , there was n't a lot going for it . Parts of the story were so hard to believe like the teacher part mentioned above and then there was a part with ALL the parents confronting the principal and the bully , yet the parents all thought the bully was a good kid and that their own children were just over reacting . Yeah right . I think my Mom woulda slapped the crap out of anyone if they had messed with me like that kid was messing with them.Being rated PG-13 I think helps a lot since since I think the movie would work well for kids still in middle school . Maybe they would find more humor and story in it than I did .
 Now , I would draw short of calling this movie bad . It might be silly and stupid , but not really bad . The story was okay , but the execution was lacking . Now , I will call the editing BAD . It seems like half-way through the movie there is a need to `` cut and paste '' some scenes just to get to a drawn out ending . I am also not real sure the casting director did much work picking the `` kids '' for this film . Hollywood must be short on talented child actors . Two stars only because I actually laughed a couple times ... other than that it would have gotten the solo star review . Feel free to pass on this one .
 A short review
 Drillbit Taylor is like someone 's idea of taking some of the worst Saturday Night Live skits that were rejected by Lorne Michaels and thrown into a screenplay and filmed on location with a substantial budget . Owen Wilson 's face plastered on the cover is the obvious hook of this nightmare , but even he ca n't save it from itself or protect it from its own mediocrity . The movie is destined to be very quickly forgotten.Hollywood must be really desperate for new and well-written material if the financial backers of films like this , believe for a moment that any of this was entertaining , comedic or in anyway interesting . Even the youtube generation of viewers did n't care for this nasty waste of time either . Drillbit Taylor is even devoid of a redeeming social message , which the other reviews have all touched on quite intensely.But for the record , Drillbit Taylor is another poorly written , poorly conceived idea from the mind that brought youSuperbad , a different movie that , sold and grossed reasonably well and re-couped their production budget which most-likely put the green-light on this.Both of these movies do n't really tell stories as much as they just play on the stereotypes within the genre . It 's like taking some of the basics from a large pool of film classics , likeSixteen Candles , Better Off Dead , Pretty in Pink , Hiding Out , Ferris Bueller 's Day Offand trying desperately to patch-work random pieces , random lines , and different ideas from all of them and then trying to call it your own . None of it works , most of it looks really uncomfortable and people are probably just out of frame holding a light , a boom or a make-up bag thinking
 This is a terrible movie . It 's very slow moving , pointless , and badly acted.I had to shut it off after about half an hour.Their bodyguard , Drillbit Taylor , is unimpressive and a klutz.Don ' t waste your money on this film .
 This movie is not funny at all . I think I might have laughed twice throughout the whole movie . Owen Wilson plays the bum that is hired to protect three geeks in high school from being bullied . I usually enjoy mindless , silly , movies but this one is hot garbage . The plot is stupid , and the movie is boring . I would have more fun doing calculus problems than watching this movie . Avoid it at all costs .
 Taken on its own , Drillbit Taylor is a film that 's too grounded in reality to be that funny . Considering the pedigree involved in writing the project , add the phrase `` Exceedingly disappointing '' to it also . You see , John Hughes came up with the story , and Seth Rogan co-wrote the screenplay . No , this is n't an Ethan Cohen vs. Etan Cohen situation here , these are the John Hughes & Seth Rogan that you know and love . So how did this film go so wrong?First off , the story . The plot revolves around three bullied kids hiring a bodyguard to protect them , except the bodyguard is actually a homeless person , and does n't really have any credentials to be bodyguarding . Sound familiar ? It should . The plot derives cliches from every bully plot or sub-plot in movie history , every character pretending who they 're not , then being found out plot or sub-plot you 've ever seen , and a myriad of other random high school cliches . And since the script was co-written by Seth Rogan , who also did Superbad , you can derive a dozen similarities to that movie as well . In fact , in that respect , Drillbit Taylor seems like the prequel to Superbad . There 's the tall , geeky kid that has trouble with the ladies . There 's his smart-mouthed friend , who also happens to be chubby . And they even have their third member , who is n't really a core member , but can be helpful/crazy when you need him to be . But Michael Cera , Jonah Hill & Christopher Mintz-Plasse these kids are n't . They 're bad actors , and they sell little if anything about their characters . The adults are good actors , but with the exception of Owen Wilson and maybe Danny McBride , everybody is reduced to little more than cartoon characters . In one scene , the bully charms all the parents and the school principal with a stupid joke and a smile , and everybody acts like he was Jesus Christ . Granted , this fits into the cliche in these films that adults are stupid and you must take it upon yourself to stand up for yourself , but that 's Home Alone logic . And at least in that film , the adults were n't total buffoons.But that being said , the highlight of the film , and the only real reason you should think about watching this film is Owen Wilson . Wilson brings a certain charm to the character and makes the most out of a poorly-written character that 's story-arch is a little bit non-existent . Wilson 's character starts off as a greedy jerk , then turns into a nice guy , with the implication of one scene being the only explained reason . Then there 's the fact that Drillbit ca n't really fight , then turns into a kicking bad-ass in the one ending scene that makes of the film 's DVD cover.Which brings me to this
 I thought this movie would be hilarious because of Seth Rogen 's involvement with writing the story but I was wrong . Owen Wilson is okay and you rarely get laughs from the teenage kids . Pretty much a Flop !
 It was n't the worst movie that I have ever seen but it was not the best movie either . It was really stupid . It had a lot of funny parts to it but overall , it was not a family movie . And even if they were not aiming for a family movie it still was not the best . They had some really good actors . They had a good plot and it was original ideas in there . But I think where they messed up is they had too many themes going on at once . If they would have stucki to the idea of hiring a homeless man to help them play pranks on the bullies it would have been better . But , I could get through the movie , it started off funny but I just wish they would have put more time and ideas in the movie and it would have really been a movie you could keep and watch over and over .
 Funny show that really had no need for the all the cussing . There is enough derogatory speech in real life and is not needed to make a show more entertaining .
 Despite I am a big fan of Mr. Owen Wilson , I have to say that with this movie he has reach a deep bottom.This movie is not funny at all . If you have extra money , do n't invest in this movie ; give it to some veteran association .
 Ok . the Furbie comment was just wrong . But I wasnt up for Stan 's hour long talk on ET . Only because i have heard it so many times before . And when he says that ET views us as potentially dangerous -LRB- future -RRB- due to nukes and our aggressive nature I want to laugh . ET owns us . They do not think we are a crazy race committing tribal warfare , etc. . We are just biological machines that are running biological programs . More or less innocent.The other 2 speakers were not on this video . And I really rented it because I was interested in whatever his name was that had `` kundalini '' in his bio.I recently started practicing that type of yoga and was curious if there was a link with it and the ET phenomenon .1 star due to false advertising.Here is the vid on Kundalini Yoga that I started practicing if interested.Kundalini Yoga - A Journey thru the Chakras with Ana Brett & Ravi SinghEnjoy , P90
 very little information , watches like a info mercial for lorancesum of information
 Why , I ask , was n't this massively cross-referenced mini-feature grouped with -LRB- at least a couple -RRB- others in the series ? This apparently aired on TV , and my sleeve claims a 51-minute duration , which could perhaps be cut in half to be accurate . Henry Fonda gives an almost random , less than riveting introduction , and the actual feature suggests that the short story on which this is based may have taken up all -LRB- or most -RRB- of 2.5 pages . The story is very simple , so that children may understand it , though the adolescent target audience would be quite a stretch today . The whole thing -LRB- especially the open ending -RRB- just confused me . I sat waiting for the `` second half '' until the end-of-tape auto-rewind function dashed my hopes . This could be the very antithesis of `` Roots '' .
 Just horrible , embarrassing acting kept me from continuing past the first half hour . Who are the people who gave five stars ? Religious mini-intellects ? It 's scary how indoctrinated the mega-churchites are .
 I bought this movie because of the reviews on here that were so overwhelmingly positive . Some of the other reviews on here mention God and give off the idea that this is a Christian film but they never once mention God , so when they say `` Just Believe '' you 're left to wonder are they referring to believing in God , one 's self , or something else entirely . I guess it 's just me but this movie leaves a lot to be desired . I loved the story line behind the movie but it leaves you with a lot of unanswered questions . The story line needs a lot more development . This really could have been a much better film with more character development . You kinda feel like it starts in the middle and abruptly ends . It was a clean movie and we need more of those but there are much better Christian family friendly movies out there for the price .
 Chick flick extreme ... . if you like that kind of thing this is your movie ... drove me crazy ... . had to switch it off ... ugh ...
 The Da Vinci Treasure is an awful , horrible , badly made attempted rip-off of a film ... That anyone would bank-roll this dud boggles the mind . . C.Thomas Howell , looking like he is suffering from some wasting illness , plays the lead , an adventurer seeking a `` Di Medici `` treasure trove alledgedly to be found following `` hints `` and `` clues `` to be found in items associated with Leonardo Da Vinci . . Any similarity with the more popular `` Da Vinci Code '' book and film ends here . . Instead one gets tongue-in-cheek jokes being told by Howell and the busty female lead while simultaneously they are being shot at , or otherwise menaced , usually by the rather over-the-top arch-villian , played by Lance Hendriksen . . There is no real rhyme or reason to anything that goes on in this movie ... The Shroud of Turin is stolen , a cardinal is shot , several chase scenes occur in Italy during rush hour , complete with AK47 gunfire , a secret chamber is found in Afganistan , ect ... None of these sequences really add to the flimsy plotline , but do take up time ... Without these elements this badly scripted story would probably clock in at about fifteen minutes from start to finish ... Truly a grade `` Z '' production , made probably so that someone with bucks could claim a major tax write-off rather than as entertainment .
 Lance Henriksen ca n't sink much lower than this pitiful attempt to cash in on THE DA VINCI CODE.What 's wrong with this snoozefest ? EVERYTHING !!! * Horrible direction -- from the endless use of ineffectual freeze frames to the red-draped camera work . * Laughable acting . C Thomas Howell is not Harrison Ford . He 's not even Casper van Dien ! * Some of the worst action sequences on film . * Does anyone care how tall characters are ? * The movie was filmed at private residences in Southern California , not London , Milan or Afghanistan !! Do n't waste your time -- it 's too valuable .
 ... to know the good . Once in a great while you have to watch something like this in order to confirm to yourself that you can still tell the difference between the good , bad and ugly . You do n't have to know why something is one or the other as long as you `` know '' . And I `` know '' this is bad , really bad . To be honest , I liked the first minute . I was in London several years ago and stayed at the Tower Hotel so it was nicely nostalgic to see the bridge and surrounding area . It was steeply downhill from there . Since this is supposed to be an action tale why does the director -LRB- or editor ? -RRB- insist on inserting freeze-frames in every single such scene ? Are they expecting their audience to doze off for a second or two and are considerately allowing them to not miss anything . They must expect them to nod-off somewhere between two and three hundred times . And what about the freezes during the non - `` action '' scenes . Are these so important to the storyline that they must be emphasized ? Let 's see
 It 's like a dirty old trust-fund man 's film , licking his lazy , narcissistic chops over the coltish , not-spectacularly talented Liv . Reasonably pretty in a banal way , but there 's an awful lot of near-inadvertently campy , jaded-bohemian carrying on -LRB- which , admittedly , has its appeal -RRB- . Rachel Weisz makes an appealing debut , though . If you 're eager to sample the magic of Bertolucci , skip this and try `` Last Tango , '' `` The Spider 's Strategem , '' `` The Conformist , '' or `` Before the Revolution . ''
 Bertolucci used to be a decent film maker , somewhere along the frame of his career he got pathetic and pretentious , this is probably related to his acceptance by middle class theater patrons and Hollywood flunkeys after he won the Academy for `` Last Emperor '' . I think after he left his Marxist principles and communist leanings , his films sunk to a new time low . Take for example , `` Stealing Beauty '' , this must be the most pretentious and bloated of his works . This film is almost unbearable to watch , it is dreadfully painful even . The characters are nothing but a bunch of spoiled , irreverent , upper middle class pseudo-intellectuals and artists who live out in an Italian country side . Liv Tyler plays Lucy , a sheepish , spoiled teen who wants to lose her virginity as if brushing her teeth . The problem is that Tyler ca n't act , nor can she pass off as an incredulous youth . She simply is annoying to the point of our exhaustion with her . One thing good to say about this ostentatiousness is the film cinematography and color which is in contrast to the dull and ridiculous story , and the revolting acting . In every role Jeremy Irons is in , he castigates us with his foreboding and absurdly patrician methods . I 've never liked him in any film , and in this one he is n't any better , he mumbles around with diluted solecisms . What more is there to say about this unbearable tripe in excess ?
 i would like to hear samples from this soundtrack
 To comprehend this empty , meaningless drivel , one must accept , as do the characters in it , the premise that Liv Tyler is a veritable goddess of love . Unfortunately , as she is stultifyingly dull , inane , superficial , selfish , coy , and vapid , this is impossible . God only knows why Bertolucci cast her in this role , surrounded by others who can actually act . Not even consummate pro Jeremy Irons can make his fascination with this simpering whiner sound sincere.The story is as banal as she is
 It 's about this girl who pricks her finger on a spinning wheel , falls asleep and wakes up with incurable kleptomania . -LRB- What , they could n't get Winona Ryder to star ? -RRB- Okay , I lied . The movie 's not really about that . I only wish it were about that , because then it might be fun trash instead of plain , boring trash . Although _ Stealing Beauty _ pretends to offer profound truths about sexual liberation , it 's really just interested in scoping out the chicks and the scenery . Still , the photography is nice .
 As an Italian -LRB- who teaches Italian in HS and college in the U.S. -RRB- I really looked forward to a good film after one of my students recommended this one to me.As a professor , I can sit through a lot of boring stuff , but this movie was so awful I could n't even finish it . The scenery is nice but after watching this film for over an hour I found it to be pointless .
 Slow boring plot , other than 2 brief nude scenes , this movie is about as slow as it gets . Not really a story line to this and the actors who are top notch are wasted . Not an NC-17 movie . . other than a guy shows his Johnson for a VERY short time and so fast you would have to be superman to see it . . -LRB- Yeah I guess you ladies could freeze frame it -RRB-
 this was set for the american state ... hence the fact i never actually watched and looking at the description , it never actually told me this . disappointed customer
 IIYUTRTRHHTERGES VFGFHUVN VNHFH CVHJGFJJ XVGGTHBCJ N
 This oversexed movie lacks in depth , soul and substance . In fact , this was probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . I was bored half-way through the movie since Lucy did nothing else but bounce from one man to the next while one of them was half-disgusted with her behavior , but also attracted to her . Of course , they end up having sex in the end.Story line was incredibly predictable.If you are looking forward to being bored , or if you just likepretty pictures I recommend this movie .
 I normally like very much Bertolucci films . So I saw this film with great expectations . Sure , Liv Tyler is pretty and Jeremy Irons is attractive even if he was dying -LRB- in the story , of course -RRB- . Some of us would like to see more than Tyler , however . I guess that I did not understand what was so particular about the theme or the synopsis . Even the gorgeous Tuscany looked a bit artificial in this artists ' village . So were the personalities in the villege . What was this all about ? was all I could say after seeing it .
 Could have been a good and profound film but alas no.The scenery is certainly stunning and one could spend the whole film wishing one was in the location , just as well really given their is no plot to entertain you . The film labours under the misguided aprehension of being a modern telling of the muse story and the woeful , scarred muse with a deep dark secret at that . The problem is Tyler does not have the requisite skill or understanding to carry off such a role , so she appears to be rather wet and misplaced . Amongst the rest of the cast are some heavy weight performers but they are not used properly and no one reeks of artisitc flair or ambition , they all come across rather as bitchy and perverse and the kind of people a good hard day 's work would n't sort out -LRB- not to mention a slap around the face or two ! -RRB- The only thing I got from the film was desire to visit the location and a stronger desire to avoid arty , ex pat types when I got there ! Photographically beautiful , otherwise very tedious and extremely irritating !
 This movie has a tremendous cast , beautiful scenery , positive AIDS awareness & a truly touching relationship between Liv Tyler & Jeremy Irons . So how does it only rate 2 stars?Most of the characters in this show are caricatures of old lost prejudices about Italians . It shows the Italian people in the same way a fake French accent is used to indicate Marcel Marceau . If a director wants to show drug use should n't he make it as real as the AIDS issue he has included ? Their reaction to grass was as if they got it from their lawn clippings or a Kansas ditch.The storyline after the great AIDS relationship is simply locate her unknown father & deal with her virginity issue . Both themes have been done far better many times before . The esteemed director seems to have gone to seed on the thought that if he uses beautiful sets & quirky characters he has fulfilled his job . This movie looks like it was put out by a mill.It is only the efforts of a great cast Cusack , Fiennes , Irons , Weisz , Sorgani , Cecci , Marais & Liv Tyler that gets this a 2 star rating . I was very disappointed in this show for ruining the efforts of these actors & actresses.The story & directing get nothing .
 Wonderful film - which is the reason I purchased it on DVD . However , there is a major flaw in the DVD ... at least as far as the English speaking audience is concerned . A significant amount of the dialogue is in Italian . The English subtitles only appear when the dialogue is in - you guessed it - English!Not a lot of help.And for the Spanish speaking audience , the Italian dialogue is subtitled , but none of the English ... Is this a design flaw or a defect in my DVD ? I do n't know for sure but not being able to understand the language makes it difficult to enjoy the film.This is one of my favorite movies - the film itself deserves a great review , but the same can not be said for this particular DVD .
 Liv Tyler plays 19-year old Lucy Harmon , who travels to Italy to spend the summer with family friends following the suicide of her mother , a poet . The friends , an Irish sculptor and his wife , have an attractive villa in the Tuscan hills which seems to be a gathering place for her mother 's artistic and literary friends.An intriguing entry in her mother 's diary suggests Lucy 's father was someone other than her husband . Lucy hopes to discover her natural father 's identity during her stay at the villa . Lucy 's second goal for the summer is to lose her virginity , perhaps in the same olive grove where she suspects she , herself , was conceived.My problem with this film is that I do n't care enough about the characters to be interested in their problems . Many people come and go , often with little introduction or explanation of who they are or why they are there , making it seem as though the audience is being excluded from the goings-on . Even after a second viewing , I still do not know who some of the characters were.Neither the film nor the characters held my interest .
 OMG this movie was so bad . I made it through an hour of it before turning it off ... could n't finish it . basically if want to watch a bunch of anglophils living in Italy with a bunch of bored wealthy freeloaders gossip about a gorgeous girl who managed to be a virgin at 18 find a dude to deflower her - this is hte movie for you . I found it full of cliche and I was as bored as all the freeloaders in that villa in Italy.YUCK !
 ... kind of like Liv Tyler , I guess!This film is kind of one long homage to her , really ... and if she were a more interesting beauty it just might have worked . While a passable actress , she just does n't have much going for her other than nice hair , pouty lips , and flawless skin ; her eyes are kind of vacuous and bland for the most part , and there 's no primal sexual energy underneath ... of course she 's playing a 19 year old virgin for most of the film so I suppose that was Bertolucci 's intent . Still , she 's the kind of demure , quiescent type which just puts you to sleep even if she does look pretty from a distance and simply does not generate much gut-level desire.Visually , this is indeed a beautiful film , like watching a series of postcards for two hours . The pacing is very Europeanish-slow of course , and some of the characters rather two-dimensional and predictable . Lots of artsy fartsy pretentiousness too , which can get a bit tiring , and at times bordered on outright cheesiness . Some of the cross-cultural bits , like the scene where we are subjected to Liv Tyler bounce and gyrate in her bedroom with her headphones blaring some thrash-type tune , were especially hard to stomach.I was much relieved when it was finally over , frankly . Got tired of cringeing so much , lol .
 This is what I think every time I watch his later work . Is it really the same Bertolucci who made `` La Commare Secca '' , and `` The Conformist '' , and `` The Spider 's Stratagem '' ? What happened to this director who certainly had a genius and could have been on a par with the Italian giants
 The plot was barely existent . You knew the ending ten minutes into the movie and none of the characters had any depth .
 This is a long movie . The intimacy was short and then the movie was over .
 The movie could have been so much more with less caracter 's . Liv Tyler is very good . Rachel Weisz is only in the movie for short stints but , memberable ones . The soundtract is better than the film .
 Other than Liv Tyler 's beauty , there was nothing redeeming about this movie . Sure , Tuscany is beautiful -LRB- which is also why Frances Mayes ' books are hot sellers these days !! -RRB- , and Jeremy Irons is a veteran actor of high caliber . The 70s music did n't hurt . Bertolucci 's name naturally `` sells '' , but when I saw this movie , I was like , WHAT IS THIS ???????
 Canned laughter is always awful but this takes the cake . I have never heard such annoying and FAKE laughter as the first 5 minutes of the first episode . The people were OUTSIDE for crying out loud . Outside means no studio audience . Whoever decided to allow such nonsense , and to such a degree , earns this series a One Star rating . I realize that canned laughter has been with us for many years but I can not watch this . It 's simply too much , too loud , too fake , too often , toodaloo !
 The best part of the movie are the short features of fake previews in the beginning of the movie . When the actors , writers , directors , producers are all the same person , one never takes the movie seriously.Dr . Stern experiments on a special education class . He makes them smart and then dead . The movie lacks the cleverness of the shorts in the beginning . Zombies do eat a baby in this one ... taste just like veal . The movie is mostly hype and not worth a peek.F-bomb , sex talk .
 The biggest problem with this film is that it does n't have an audience . It contains adult language and themes and combines it with ham acting and juvenile humor . Seriously , when was the last time you laughed at a grown man without a car , riding a little girl 's bike . And to make this a real side splitter , he rings the bell . I 'm surprised they did n't have him arrested for violating helmet laws.The moovie -LSB- sic -RSB- starts out good with animated cows in a 60 's style credit run . Once it starts ... well you wait for it to start . Steve -LRB- William Mapother -RRB- is the main character . He was run his life and company into the ground . They are the company that developed light sticks . By a freak chance the agricultural dairy business has a need for them and there appears to be a buy out in the making ... but not until after a silly board scene.The characters were lame and not well developed . William Mapother comes across as a dorky Eric Roberts . Wild Bill -LRB- Ernie Grunwald -RRB- was interesting but not at all developed . Harry -LRB- Daniel Baldwin -RRB- was too crude to like . Not enough real comedy or drama to make it worth the view.F-bomb , near sex , rear nudity -LRB- Charlotte Ross -RRB-
 `` Say , Jeff , '' says Frankie -LRB- Frankie Darro -RRB- , a student at Rawley University who is doing some biology homework , `` do you know how the head is formed ? '' `` Well , '' says Jeff -LRB- Mantan Moreland , bugging his eyes and rolling his head -RRB- , `` I 'd say it starts at the base of the spine and works its way up to a lump . `` That 's as good as Let 's Go Collegiate gets , folks ... except for two things , and one of these depends on how old you are . The movie is a dispensable programmer , one of thousands churned out quickly by studios -LRB- Monogram , in this case -RRB- , which had minimal budgets and shooting schedules and , often , minimal plots . With Let 's Go Collegiate , Frankie Darro plays the coxswain on what might be Rawley University 's first champion rowing team in 15 years . When Bob Terry , the new star stroke for the team , who has n't arrived at Rawley yet , gets drafted , Frankie and his pal , Tad , spot a big guy , Herc Bevans , hefting a safe on the street . They immediately decide to recruit him for the team and substitute him for Terry . That way their girls will continue to think they 'll be heroes when the team wins the big race . Of course , the big guy is prone to sea sickness , Frankie and Tad may get booted off the team because they 're spending so much time coaching Herc that their grades have slipped , their girl friends have fallen for Herc , their coach loses his glasses , and Herc has a secret that 's discovered only after the team wins.As one of several popular movies Frankie Darro starred in with Mantan Moreland as his pal , always named Jeff , this one is n't much . Moreland gets stuck with all the stereotypical mugging and dialect that passed for racial humor back then . The acting is self-conscious . Collegiate movies about the big game were a clich&eacute; even in 1940 . So what are the two exceptions ? First is one excellent song sung at a fraternity/sorority dance by Gale Storm . She plays Midge , seventh billed , and is one of the girlfriends . The song is `` Look What You have Done to Me , '' music by Edward Kay and lyrics by Harry Tobias . It 's a bright , swinging song with a smooth melodic line that takes a couple of unexpected turns . It 's a quality song and you 'll never hear it unless you slog through Let 's Go Collegiate.The second exception depends on how old you are . Barton Yarborough , a journeyman film actor who made 17 movies in the Forties , plays the role of Coach Walsh . For those of us old enough to recall sitting around the radio in the evening , Yarborough was Doc Long , one of the three major characters in perhaps the greatest adventure series on radio ... drum roll , please ... `` I Love a Mystery . '' It went on the air in 1939 , became hugely popular and then sputtered out in 1952 as television took over . Jack Packard was the tough , smart leader of the three , Doc Long was the ebullient one , always ready for a fight or a laugh . Reggie York was big and strong , and fancied himself as much a ladies man as Doc did . They were old friends who started a detective agency in San Francisco . Most of the installments ran 15 minutes and Carlton Morse , the man who also created and wrote `` One Man 's Family '' , wrote all . Jack , Doc and Reggie were always getting involved in dangerous adventures and mysteries , with lots of action and vivid situations . If you were sitting around your radio , you did n't need CGI to visualize the worst that was happening . All this was delivered in your home every weeknight . One of the memorable things about I Love a Mystery was the opening theme , Valse Triste , a brooding , foreboding dark melody if there ever was one.Yarborough was born in 1900 and died in 1951 . He played Doc Long until the last year of the show . He also was a key character in Morse 's `` One Man 's Family , '' playing Cliff Barbour when the series started in 1932 until he died . Yarborough had a distinctive voice that does n't seem like much when you see him in Let 's Go Collegiate . And he does n't look like how I imagined the young Doc Long . He used his voice memorably as Doc -LRB- and as Cliff Barbour -RRB- . That was the point of radio.The impression of great adventures brought distinctively to life in `` I Love a Mystery '' is still vivid in my memory . Another radio highlight for a little kid listening alone one afternoon to , I think , Jack Armstrong , was when a beautiful and evil woman dispatched a victim by taking a hat pin from her hair and driving it into the guy 's ear . That sent me out running into the yard , where I stayed until someone came home . I was not about to take the chance that this woman and her hat pin might emerge from a closet and rush toward me . Those are the delights of a person 's imagination , free of the can-you-top-this curse of too much CGI . Give me a hat pin in the hand of a beautiful woman any day instead of an enhanced comic book hero flying through mile-high explosions.Let 's Go Collegiate is in the public domain . Do n't expect much by way of a DVD transfer and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Well done , good acting all around . Have n't read the novel it is based on but the film overall is pretty damned depressing . Made me wonder whether whatever point it was trying to make was worth all the trouble . Well , it was n't .
 Yes , the performances were great , and yes , the craftsmanship was exemplary , but to what end ? To remind us that mentally unstable human beings are capable of committing horrific acts ? Well , duh!I normally enjoy small-town character studies , but I do n't understand why anyone felt that this particular movie needed to be made .
 Hollywood is dedicated to making Christians look like idiots ... and is determined to undermine faith ... I wo n't write a commerical but anyone who has a smattering of historical knowledge knows that the effect of Christianity on the progress of the world toward a more humane society is unsurpassed ... but to Hollywood it is evil because it has RULES ... and kooks that promote pot smoking at ` normal ' treat sex as only a bodily function with no thought to the emotional spiritual impact ... are out destroy any influence it may have ... Great Acting . . but a garbage plot ... Such a film about such a deranged atheist , Muslim , etc. . would be considered unthinkable by the cultural elite . . I am no ready for the hate filled counter attacks that are sure to follow this review ...
 I watched this movie right to the end , thinking it would be OK , until the last few minutes in the movie , when the ex husband forces his ex wife to perform the Seventh Day Adventist ordinance of foot washing , and she swears viciously at him . He then leads her out into the snow , and coldly blows her head off with a shotgun . The footwashing ordinance 's true context is a voluntary -LRB- not forced at gunpoint -RRB- symbolic act of Christians serving one another as Christ served us.Christians are sick and tired of being misrepresented as psychos and other seriously disfunctional characters by Hollywood in its secular anti-Christ agenda , which is always glorifying sin like fornication and adultery and excessive violence instead . -LRB- The TV series Caprica is another glaring example -RRB- . No trite sarcastic review responses please.Let 's have the truth about Christians . They follow Jesus Christ , their creator and the one who atoned for their sins on the cross to make eternal life possible for those who accept Jesus as Lord and Saviour . Christians are not terrorists who enforce their beliefs with bombings and killings -LRB- as Caprica tries to portray them in its anti-God , pro pagan `` gods '' agenda -RRB- . Why ca n't somebody make a movie that advances the gospel.I will assume any hostile reply to this review -LRB- particularly an illogical one -RRB- to be coming from someone with an ungodly hostility to the Gospel message.This review is not a criticism of Amazon . I 've bought countless good DVDs from them over the last 7 years . But this movie has a lot to answer for.Stop portraying Christians as sickos , Hollywood . If anything , we 're sick of THAT . I have every right to be angry about it . God certainly is , and there will be eternal judgement for those who do n't repent .
 This film is an interesting , if a bit flawed , trip into the lives of several small-town families and friends.A co-worker lent me the DVD without explaining any of the story . I had no expectations and subsequently found the movie to be pretty absorbing . The slowly unfolding story and the stark relationships of the characters intrigued me and I wanted to delve deeper into why it is so hard for them to understand each other . But the film , however , does n't focus on the complexity of the relationships and instead shifts to an over-sentimentality which , at that point in the film , overshadows the actual sentiment of the picture.In retrospect , the movie has a few flaws , one of which includes an extremely ornate second half . If I had to compare this to another movie it would be to the far superior ` American Beauty ' . If your curious about this title , I 'd say rent it first before you buy-there 's plenty of good film making here but there are also many flaws in the story and characters . 2 and 1/2 stars .
 Only rent this movie if you have been happy for way too long and need a good dose of depression!We rented this movie because we are fans of Kate Beckinsale . We are still fans after seeing the movie as her acting is good.Perhaps this movie is just another dramatic vehicle for actors , writers , directors , etc. , to try for academy awards ? These types of movies seem to win awards.This tragic story is mostly a sick slice-of-life from beginning to end . There are enough similar kinds of tragedies on the news every morning.So if you need that dose of depression just watch the news and skip the movie .
 What a waste of time and money . My husband and I bought this as we are fans of Kate Beckinsale and were looking forward to watching it . We had waited for it to play in Denver but it never did . Big surprise - an uglier , more disturbing , depressing movie , we ca n't remember . What redeeming value exists in this movie ? None . It does n't teach , it does n't uplift , it does n't help you grow , and it certainly does n't entertain . I have the feeling the film maker and actors must be a bit full of themselves and feel that the more disturbing and depressing the story the better the `` art '' . Our DVD went immediately into the trash .
 What can i say , the movie was pathetic . Hollywood has absolutely no talent working there anymore , the actors and actresses have the ability to do wonderful , theres no producers and directors and writers with any creativity or talent to speak of or mention.BUT beckinsales IS hot
 I love Kate . That is why I bought this movie . The movie is worth adding to my Kate B. collection , but ... in the beginning I thought it was a girl - flick . Then it was a teenage thing , then it was a murder psycho thing . I have nothing of value to say about the movie , except it had the Lovely Kate Beckinsale with her delicious persona . It almost got a one star rating from me . I give it two starts because Kate is a fine actor and eye candy .
 I bought this because of the good reviews . UGH . Depressing , awful people with no reason to live except to make their lives even more miserable . save your money , do n't make yourself miserable by watching this.Are you getting tired of titles that have no meaning in the story ? Here is an excellent example . What any of this has to do with snow angels is beyond me . ca n't you find SOMETHING that says what the movie is about ? pathetic beyond words . good acting by kate beckinsale but certainly not good enough to waste your time . I repeat . UGH
 I waited and waited for this DVD thinking it would show some of the funny sides of our beloved Dom . There were a few but mostly this recording was depressing . I am sorry , but to me it was depressing . Dom could have cooked through the entire 45 minutes and it would have been so funny . When he was a guest on someone 's cooking show , he was very funny ! Also , out-takes with Burt Reynolds were funny but there were none .
 I did n't get what was supposed to be scary or interesting about this . Someone else might get more out of it . The sound quality was horrible .
 Unless you have nothing better to do then to sit around and wait for something to happen , do n't rent this .
 This movie -LRB- documentary -RRB- could n't be anymore boring and uneventful . What I found is what they hear is NOT what the viewer hears . You do hear footsteps once in a while HOWEVER there are only TWO people conducting this investigation . This is very unusual . There is n't enough evidence to conclude they do n't have someone else there instrumenting the opening of a door and even in one scene it clearly shows the door handle moving . I find that VERY suspect . I also found that their lack of equipment makes me believe they are worse than amateurs . If you want to see what NOT to do , watch and PAY for this video . I do not recommend this video to seasoned paranormal investigators unless they want a good laugh or use as training as to not what do to . It 's as simple as this , if the sounds are coming from the attic , go to the attic . Do n't sit in a bedroom looking at the ceiling and say the noises are in the attic and then stay in the bedroom . I found this very disappointing in so many ways to write about . But I 'm thankful it 's not Ghosthunters or Ghost Adventures as I 'm tired to the bone with both but at least with both , they 'd go to the attic and have a lot more investigative tools to work with and they 'd be tripping over each other to get to the attic and debunking the slammed door -LRB- off camera -RRB- . You hear EVP 's after the documentary is over . They sounded authentic , but that 's about as authentic as this video gets so just jump to the end . Sorry Washington Paranormal Society , get more experience and for God 's sake -LRB- or whoever you choose -RRB- get some better equipment and do research on HOW paranormal research is done and next time bring more than two people . This documentary shows nor proves credibility for your paranormal research skills .
 This film seems to be a total rip off and straight re-write of the book by the same title . The main character in the book is a gay vampire . Boo hollywood ! Strap on a pair and stop giving great queer characters straight makeovers . The novel was hysterical and would 've made a great film as it was written .
 Vampires Anonymous is a low budget flick about a vampire-who after accidentally killing his girlfriend - seeks assistance from a local Vampire 12-step program to overcome his addiction to human blood.While I thought Vampires Anonymous would be a funny film about vampires it turned out to be quite silly . Perhaps it was the low budget filming , that stupid motor-cycle with fourteen mirrors on it the ` hero ' rides , or the really lame dialog , but I just did n't find Vampire 's Anonymous to be funny.If bad acting , and stupid gags about sheep are your bag , you 'll like Vampires Anonymous . Otherwise , I 'd stick with halfway decent vampire flicks like like Underworld or Blade
 well the first aspect of this video that I found extremely disappointing , was the fact that it was not mentioned anywhere that the whole thing is in Spanish but I 'm sure was covering the same topics that have been covered before about Mr. Pablo anyway if you 're looking for solid entertainment I recommend a lot of other documentaries or even blow with Johnny Depp and less your Spanish-speaking you should not watch this video and you probably should n't go into the cocaine business either respectfully Johnny Irish
 This is to movies what `` Springtime For Hitler '' was to plays.The Jameses and the Youngers were part of outlaw raiding parties against Northern towns during the Civil War and murdered people during their bank robberies . If you want to make a fun , fictional movie , use fictional names.I do n't have a quarrel with the reviewers that said they knew the plot was fiction , but liked the movie for its entertainment or good-looking cast . That 's your choice . But when reviews say that Colin Farrell `` is completely believable as Jesse , '' that `` the history of Jesse , Frank , and Jim were accurate , '' or the movie `` shows the motivation and the reasoning behind the famous outlaw gang , '' I feel like I 'm watching auditions for `` Street Smarts . `` The movie tells you that the James-Younger gang was heroically fighting oppression by the railroads . In truth , they were thieves and murderers . If you want to see what the gang did to people -- including shooting a father going to the aid of his fallen son -- ... It 's wrong to make cold-blooded killers out as heroes just for the sake of a few box office dollars , whether it was 10 years ago or 130 years ago . To those that say `` historical accuracy is a moot point , '' that may be your opinion , but it 's certainly not mine .
 I have read a great deal about the James/Younger gang , and have seen a number of films about them . Not only is this the worst western I 've ever seen , it 's one of the two worst movies I 've ever seen , period , in my 47 years alive on this earth . Do n't waste your time ! Read one of Marley Brant 's books about them or watch The Long Riders instead .
 Ugh ... I had such high hopes for AMERICAN OUTLAWS ... but they were shot down within ten minutes . The instant that Jessee James rode through the middle of a civil war battle as if he were Walker Texas Ranger or Steven Seagal , I rolled my eyes and the movie never won me back.I 'll never understand how some movies go forward into the production process without first having a story to tell ?? After watching AMERICAN OUTLAWS , it made me wonder if the producers even researched the James/Younger Gang ? Did they visit their local library ? Did they interview any of the existing family members to come up with some cool antidotes ? Or did they just decide it was time for a western . Then they sat in their carpeted Hollywood offices , threw together a cliche ' riddled script in a couple of weeks , gathered up a handful of young good-looking newcomers and went to work . I BET MY MONEY ON THE LATTER.The script was horrible ! No emotional build-up . No sub-plots . Absolutely zero realism . Test-audiences probably did n't like the first viewing , so they started chopping.Oh , how HOLLYWOOD has changed.The only good thing to come from this is that the performances were n't bad . They just had nothing to work with . They made the best of a lousy thing . I give high marks to Gabriel Macht . Low key , but out of all the talent involved , I think he 'll be someone to watch in the future .
 The tale of infamous outlaws Jesse and Frank James receives a severe dumbing-down by Hollywood in a lame attempt to create a new millenium YOUNG GUNS . AMERICAN OUTLAWS will appeal only to braindead youths in the 11-14 aged bracket -LRB- I know . I used to be one -RRB- . It 's sad to see Kathy Bates reduced to acting in this -LRB- She 's good , as usual -RRB- . The real American Outlaws here are the film makers . Someone ought to tar and feather those yellow-bellied freeloaders . The dialogue is terrible -LRB- `` Sadie was a beautiful woman , Sadie was not a man '' . `` She had a mustache . A nice mustache '' -RRB- and the movie is not worth the price of the videotape its printed on.The back of the video -LRB- in Aus/NZ at least -RRB- says
 I 'll be honest with you , I did n't watch this entire movie . About 40 minutes into it , I had to walk away . I just could n't take anymore . This movie is nothing more than a vapid action cliche built around the newest group of fresh faces in Hollywood . It is an atrocity to the genre of the Western , and offers no historical value whatsoever.I am a big action movie fan . But it takes a little more than a piece of fluff like this to gain my attention . In the short amount I watched , I could tell the direction it was headed . The youngest of the Younger brothers twirling his gun around and behind his back and re-holstering it to prove he was old enough to fight the government agents come to rob his family of it 's land is just one example of the lame quality of this movie.I grew up in the day when the Western still had some clout . Clint Eastwood is my idea of the perfect Western hero , right along with his protrayal in A Fistful Of Dollars . That is the standard to which I hold all Westerns I watch , and this one does n't even come close.Some action fans might enjoy this movie , but it 's sad that the Western has degenerated to this . I 'd reccomend something from the good old days of the Western . Each time Hollywood does a new Western , I cross my fingers , but find only more drivel like this delivered . My biggest fear is that my children will really think this is how the Old West was . The director stated in the extras he wanted to expound upon the Jesse James myth , but to me , he merely road roughshod over it with this glazed donut of a movie .
 that should be the name of this fiction told as fact . the history in the movie could n't be more wrong and why do you need to jazz up a story that has enough real action , so that it plays like a watered down third grade play . the leads and the cast try but this is one that never had a chance .
 Can somebody believe those baby face actors , look like tough cowboys ? I 've always seen men playing cowboys in films , not smooth-faced teens . And who had the idea to put a rap in a western movie ? If Colin Farrel wants to be a good actor he mus n't accept these characters , and Scott Caan is very far from be that good actor his father is . And Ali LArter ? She looks like a Barbie in cowgirl disguise , it takes more than a pretty face and whipped cream bikini to be a good actress.Keeo your money in your pocket and buy one of those good old western movies , you 'll see good actors and good movies with good plots . Not this nonsense .
 well i just saw american outlaws and let me tell you . i wish i had my $ 5.50 back in my wallet . if you like westerns , go rent tombstone . tombstone is by far a much better movie than american outlaws . this movie is good if youre looking to hate something . well that about does it . see tombstone instead , its cheaper and a better film .
 This has to be one of the worst westerns I have seen.Below Average storyline grade D + . Actors grade C - . Action C. Special effects/Graphics C + . This movie was not that good at all . It was far too short . It ended at the climax which is very bad . The acting was horrible . The storyline was fiction based . I felt like I was the one that got robbed by Jesse James for $ 6.50 . If they even think of a a sequel to this they are very mistaken . A very disapointing movie . Jesse James and his brother and his cousins the Younger 's go to war with a railroad company .
 Oh man , this movie scarred me for good . I had to watch it in a history class , which is a complete farce , since this is about as historical as the Lord of the Rings . To make matters worse , the movie is awful . The frequent attempts at humor are totally abysmal , and you can see the actors ' embarrassment . What is this anyways ? A Western for adolescent girls ? What are a bunch of hairless pretty boy actors doing portraying wild hoodlums ? What 's with the pointless , gratuitous romance ? What is this crap ? Where are Clint Eastwood and Lee Van Cleef when you need them ? Unless you 're an adolescent with an IQ between 30 and 90 , avoid this at all costs .
 This movie is the one that should ` nt have been made . No it 's not historically accurate , But that 's not the big problem -LRB- I liked the `` Young Guns '' movies -RRB- The problem with this move is it 's just a really bad movie I could ` nt even bare to watch the whole thing it truely sucked !!
 Fool , the gatling gun WAS used during the civil war . Maj. Gen. Benjamin F. Butler purchased twelve for 1000 dollars each and used them successly on the Petersburg front in 1864 . Is that the only `` inaccuracy '' you could think of ?
 If only -0 were an option , what a way to waste a Blockbuster gift card . If you want historical INACCURACY this is a movie for you and if you just want plain incompetent movie making , then you 'll have the twice the fun.Farrell is too clean cut to be considered seriously at an outlaw and this movie wo n't help his career any . The only saving grace is Timothy Dalton and a cameo of Kathy Bates . Oh and I guess I did n't really have to pay for this stinker . Thank goodness .
 American Outlaws is easy on the eyes thanks to its two gorgeous stars , Colin Farrell and Ali Larter , but your brain will be sorry ... and if you expect an iota of emotional connection , you should look elsewhere.Most of American Outlaws plays like a really , really pale imitation of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . But without the cracklin ' William Goldman script and the Newman/Redford star power , all is futile . Scott Caan 's performance is as expressive as a thick slice of white bread and maybe half as flavourful . Farrell is charming at spots , but this screen version of Jesse James is so bland , so wholesomely American hero-like , that there 's no emotional attachment to be found -LRB- discredit once again to the embarrassingly simplistic script -RRB- . Larter is one of the most beautiful actresses her age and her feistiness and sex appeal are terrific -LRB- witness her small part in Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back and , more prominently , Final Destination -RRB- , but she fits into this Western setting as oil fits in water . And to director Les Mayfield
 While early film offerings , such as `` Jesse James , '' supported the myth , and even some solid recent films , including `` The Long Riders , '' `` The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James '' and `` The Great Northfield Raid , '' bent facts to condense the story , `` American Outlaws '' has to qualify as the biggest piece of trash ever made from the standpoint of passing itself off as a serious Western . Mostly , this garbage allowed its cast of pretty faces the opportunity to play `` cowboys '' like a group of grade-school youngsters . Being a fan of American history , the West in general and the James-Younger Gang in particular , I remember going to see this film when it came out , and the only reason I did n't walk out was to make sure it was trash from start to finish . If you are looking for a Jesse James collection , try those early films and -- by all means -- purchase `` The Assination of Jesse James '' when available .
 This is one of the worst movie I 've seen in a long time . It tries to be Young Guns but fails on many levels ! The complete historical inaccuracy really bothered me . Especially when they had the James ' mother die after a raid by the Pinkertons . In reality , the James ' mother lost her arm and their retarded stepbrother died in a raid even though the James bros. had retired and were living quiet lives with their families . The James Bros then come out of retirement to rob a large northern bank to exact revenge for their mother and dead stepbrother . Now I find that much more compelling than this drivel . Sometimes the truth is more interesting than hollywood 's fiction .
 While not the absolute worst Western ever made , American Outlaws is certainly a contender for any `` worst Western '' listing . No Western can be completely historically accurate , but the anachronisms and complete fantasies contained within this film guarantee it a well-deserved place in the toiletbowl of film history .
 Jesse Woodson James , one of the titular `` outlaws , '' is taken up again as the hero of another Western movie , with Colin Farrell . -LRB- If you are interested in other Jesse James film , see `` The Great Northfield , Minnesota Raid . -RRB- After the Civil War , Jesse , his brother Frank -LRB- Gabriel Macht -RRB- and Cole Younger -LRB- Scott Caan -RRB- formed a group to attack the railroad company which , according to the film , relentlessly buys up the land of the farmers -LRB- two dollars for one acre -RRB- . Some say Jesse and Cole are American heroes.The film is right in giving us simple settting , ignoring some historical truths ; but the film also ignores our reaction to countless actions that lead us nowhere in particular , like the script of 1994 Drew Barrymore film `` Bad Girls . '' -LRB- Well , the poster was good . -RRB- The railroad company led by Harris Yulin and Terry O'Quinn is jsut a bunch of risible , one-dimentional , old-fashioned villains who are there to be despised . Even Timothy Dalton who plays Allan Pinkerton looks theatrical , not because of his acting , but because of the character 's illogical response . You expect from Pinkerton some smart scheme to catch the group . No . His ` plan ' is little better than the one found in hackneyed TV episode of some detective drama.But what is most disappointing is the acting of the cast . Collin Farrell does n't seem to be interested in the role , nor other actors except very few -LRB- I mean hot shot Gregory Smith and humorous Will McCormack -RRB- . You can not distinguish one from another , and if one of them is gunned down , it is shown in a most balnd way so that we do n't care . Probably that has something to do with the hot climate of Texas where the film was shot . But in `` Tigerland '' in which humid air is easily felt , Colin Farrell was fantastic . Here he is not.Two actresses appear
 I saw this movie because I 'm a fan of Colin Farrel , and he does a decent job playing Jesse James , even if he does occasionally lapse into his thick Irish brogue . However , I was very disappointed in the movie as a whole . Jesse and his older brother Frank , join forces with three of the Younger brothers to fight against the railroad that is taking over farms in their native Missouri . After their farm is raided and their mother -LRB- played very broadly by Kathy Bates -RRB- is killed , they go on a rampage of bank robberies , stealing from the railroad to shut it down . The young actors are likeable enough in their roles , but the dialogue is not realistic at all and relies too heavily on weak humor during the bank robberies . I admitedly chuckled a few times , but more often groaned at the lack of realism . The gunfights are mildly interesting but again are too unrealistic . Finally , the beautiful Ali Larter is completely wrong as Jesse 's love interest . She is much too comtemporary and seems lost in her role . A shame that all this talent is wasted . Fans of Colin Farrel would be better off getting `` Tigerland '' and western fans should check out `` The Wild Bunch , '' which has some of the same elements as `` American Outlaws . ''
 This movie is without question one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I mean , it 's on par with Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , it 's that bad . I assume the plot was supposed to be somewhat the real life of Jesse James . Well let me tell you that it has nothing to do with Jesse James whatsoever , besides using their names ! Jeez , and people said `` Frank and Jesse '' was bad ! This movie was an insult to the James Gang . It portrays them as teenage pop stars playing cowboys . The acting was atrocious , the only good one was the guy who played Frank and even he kind of sucked . The shot-outs were riduculous , of course , the bad guys ca n't aim and the good guys never miss . And the plot sucked ! Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not trying to compare this to `` Tombstone '' , this movie does n't even derserve to be compared to `` Tombstone '' . It just plain sucks . Every aspect of it . And for the love of anything that is holy , a movie does not deserve to be seen just because the main actor is hot !! I could care less what the actors look like , it 's how they act which counts , you know that is their job . And if that one reviewer who said he 's seen 60 westerns and considers this a masterpeice , then by God , he must of only seen cartoons or something , because this movie is a disasterpiece !
 Never heard of this movie ? There 's a reason - the few people who saw it want to forget it ever happened . The cast is pretty forgetable but that may not be their fault . No one could save this movie.It is a lousy attempt at a comedy/action movie . Pure straight to video -LRB- ... -RRB- If someone gives you this video I might suggest watching it if you are unable to think of anything better to do . You would be insane to waste any money on it .
 I must agree with critics nationwide , American Outlaws is one of the WORST films this year . Colin Farrell does a good job as Jesse James , but is in this film only as Eye Candy . One of the highlights of this film is Timothy Dalton 's performance , but even he has his flaws with his so called accent.Kathy Bates has a small , ... role as the James ' mother . Ali Larter also has a small role , and she too in this film ONLY as EYE Candy ! Scott Caan only adds baaad humor to this film . The film is moreless a comedy than western . Very little action , LOTS of comedy . Really , the world could 've went without this film , it was only made to make money , which it 's not doing . All the performances are nothing but humorous . The film is very short , THANK GOD , about 95 minutes . The whole film is VERY , VERY , VERY BAD ! If you want to go see a better film , see Curse of the Jade Scorpion ! If you want to go see a baaaaad comedy , go see this film ! One of the worst of the year ! Grade D
 This movie was terrible . It glorified murderers ! Sure they might have intially started because of the railroads who were murderers themselves but the gang killed a lot of innocent people who had nothing to do with the railroads . The story was historically inaccurate , and the plot was forced and predictable . Not to mention the action was very unrealsitic . Do n't waste your time with this movie .
 This movie was ridiculous . Even if you go into it know that it 's ridiculous , it still is ridiculous . Why do the bad guys shoot at the feet ? Why does some parts of a door stop bullets -LRB- read
 This HAD to have started out as a television project . Better acting could have come from auditions at my local high school . Believe me , this is one that Colin Farrell will wish his whole life he could forget . The budget must have been tiny , the director and writer must have not seen any westerns , and based their production on Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman!For those of you that think it is a five star film , I pity you . You must be under the age of 30 and new to the western genre . Go rent some classic westerns , then watch this again . It stinks to high heaven . I 'm embarrassed for the producers.Ewwww !
 Slow , boring , uninteresting , and leaving one wondering what is happening . I only finished it because I paid for it . Spend your hard earned dollar elsewhere .
 BIO-DEAD is a real dead film , shot in an office like many of us have or do work in , some of the `` Dead '' characters who all have japanese horror shakes actually remind me of real live people who I have dealt with in offices . My opinion of `` BIO-DEAD '' is very low in fact I highly recommend filing it in file 13 . Once in more than enough . Do not buy this movie , it ai n't bad that would be too nice a thing to say about it .
 Should be re-titled , `` BIO-CRAP '' ! YES ... I was stupid enough to pay $ 10 for this one !!! Save your time and money . Basically , below low budget film about 4 guys wondering around in an abandoned office building for almost an hour and a half ... . like I said ... . BORING !!!!!!! I 'm sure the maker of this piece of crap thought it would be scary to have a bald blue skin guy show up here and there with a jittery shaking head , like we 've seen many , many , many ... many times before -LRB- like in `` Fear.com '' and so on ... -RRB- . Seen it !! Nothing new here , except more boredom . If you do decide to be unfortunate enough to watch this garbage , keep the remote close by ... the Fast Forward button will come in handy . Recommended viewing time ... less than 5 minutes -LRB- less than 1 min . is best -RRB- !!!! This is one of those ones you wish you could join a class action suit against the maker and all those involved , just to get recovery for time , money , and not to mention pain and suffering !!!! CAN I GET A REFUND ???!!!!!
 I had several problems with this movie.First , the entire movie was filmed with a soft focus . I can understand something like that for dream scenes , but not for a while movie.Second , the main characters seemed unable to work at a burger joint let alone as a specialized team searching for survivors in an area contaminated with a deadly toxin . The team leader showed no leadership ability at all . The other three members were completely unable to follow simple orders.Third , the movie made little to no effort to explain what was happening to the team and the ending made no sense . Now some people like movies that leave most of the details to the viewer 's imagination -- I 'm not one of them.Finally , the movie is incredibly slow paced . A lot of screen time is given to scenes that added nothing to what plot there is . In one scene , a character took over two minutes to search a small three stall restroom . Of course in the middle of the scene we were treated to him deliberately peeing all over one of the toilets . That added so much to the plot of the film -- NOT!If you enjoy movies like this one , then get the popcorn ready . For those who do n't , save your money and your time and give this one a miss .
 the dvd does not work . tried playing it in three different dvd players none of which could read the dvd . waste of money at least it was only a couple dollars .
 Nostalgia aside , you got ta admit
 I 've been reading as many surf books as I can find as I grew up in Southern California in the mid-60s . Based on the fantastic reviews , I expected much better of this movie . This is frankly , a very bad movie . Where can I start?Clearly a low budget movie , the sound is very low quality . Of course , that may be considered a positive given the extremely poor screenplay . The movie starts by a series of sketches designed to show life as a teenager growing up . The beach , the party , the quick trip to Tijuana , the girlfriend , and the older surfer mentor . All of them very cliched like they were almost copied . The dialog by all characters is so poor it 's virtually impossible to feel emotion for the characters . A few weak attempts at comedy are more lowlifes.The movie then moves in time to show the kids growing up . The trip to the Draft Board and attempts to be deferred are almost incoherent . But the most humorous part of this movie is Jan Michael Vincent 's occasional flashes as a drunken street person . Look quickly because he recovers by the next scene and is normal again . Maybe it 's a disease because next the elder surfer -LRB- resembles Greg Noll , da Bull -RRB- catches the drunken role disease.As to being a surf cult film , yes there are some early surf scenes , and the ending has a solid 10 minutes of surfing as the kids are drawn to the beach 13 years later when the surf is up . But it 's not enough to sit through 2 hours of bad movie to watch some surfing.I 'm surprised this movie is rated so high by so many . If you want a movie of growing up , rewatch American Graffiti or even Saturday Night Fever . But not this movie . The one large positive of this movie is watching some future stars or at least working actors and see what they were like at the start of their careers .
 before purchasing this movie , i had heard a few rad reports on it that influenced my decision to buy it . however , i stopped the movie not even half way through because i could not stand a seeing this surf movie portraying such a false essence of surfing . the story line sucked and there were not nearly enough surfing shots in the movie . of all the surf movies i have , and have seen -LRB- north shore , in god 's hands , endless summer 1 and 2 , hit and run , all of these movies are dank -RRB- this is the one that i can not put on my shelf . i recommend that you rent this before you buy it because you will regret it .
 It was an ok movie covering issues of 60 's & 70 's . But I was expecting more surfing footage .
 Basically , this movie revolves around the idea of a genderless person who repeatedly runs into situations where it 's gender is in question . This gets old fast and it is very predictable . This movie does have some clever humor which makes the repeated gender jokes acceptable .
 You know a movie is bad if goes from the theaters , to the new release shelves , to the $ 1 rental section all within 6 months . I thought the two-minute `` Pat '' skits on Saturday Night Live were funny , but there were n't two good minutes in this entire movie . Even though it 's only about 75 minutes long , I felt like I had been watching it for 2 hours after the first 30 minutes . I just turned it off after that . What a piece of trash ! And I thought the Police Academy movies were bad !
 This movie is bad ; really bad . The entire movie is filled with predictable and stupid jokes -LRB- if you want to call them that -RRB- . After about an hour , I could n't stand watching it any more . In fact , the only reason I continued to watch it was because I hoped to at least find out Pat 's gender . But NO , like in most TV based movies , nothing new is revealed . If you never watch this , you 'll have saved ninety minutes of your life .
 I love Julia Sweeney and Dave Foley ! But I simply hated this flick ! Maybe I need to watch it again and see it for the spoof it is . It was really baaaaaaad . Sorry , guys , but yucko city ! END
 For those who are unfamiliar with the SNL sketch - Pat once turned up when Christopher Walken was on - the only way he could escape the confusion was to leap out the window.By the end of this movie , you 'll feel similar - Pat 's gender bender problems simply last too long for digestible viewing , add how annoying Pat is and it 's too much . By the end I was actually relieved it was over.Skip it , pass on it , unless of course you actually * like * Pat .
 I 'm sorry really I am , I try to find something redeeming about every movie I see but I can find nothing -LRB- and I mean NOTHING -RRB- redeeming or particulary funny about this movie !! I did n't like any of the gags and/or one-liners . I think that Pat should have stayed on Sat Night Live
 The movie was bizarre , but we found humor in it . I enjoyed watching the skits on SNL , but the movie was a little too much .
 Julia Sweeny , Dave Foley , Charles Rocket , Kathy Griffin and Tim Meadows . A great cast ! But I was disapointed to be truthful . I love SNL movies , but this was probably the worst . Pat was funny ... in some parts . But the hour and eighteen minutes that this movie last ... it lags on . They could of made this a thirty minute short TV thing . I was disapointed to see Dave Foley in drag ... again . I was glad to see Tim Meadows with a small role , he needs to get off of SNL and move on with his career or just find something else to do . Kathy Griffin was horrible , I just wanted her to go away . All in all , it was the stupidest movie I ever saw ... but it was still pretty funny . Here 's an example of SNL skits that should n't become movies ... wink wink , nudge , nudge ... night at the Roxbury ?
 Let me give you guys that `` loved '' this movie a hint - it 's not that good ! Do n't get me wrong - I love dumb-funny movies as much as anybody , but it 's usually good if it has a plot revolving around more than a neutered fat person . If you want to see a great corny movie , check out `` Better Off Dead '' starring John Cusack . It 's really hilarious .
 This is , quite simply , one of the worst films ever made . Long , boring , stupid , and not funny at all . The character of Pat is funny in the brief SNL skits , but ca n't hold together for a -LRB- almost -RRB- feature-length film .
 I really do n't like `` message '' movies . You know , the ones that are so intellectual and try too hard to be `` important '' . If you are a film or psychology major , then this is probably a good choice . However , if you want entertainment instead of a lecture , look somewhere else .
 Ouch . I just got done watching `` It 's Pat
 This movie is an abomination of a film . How can people enjoy it ? The whole thing was worse than a train wreck -LRB- pardon my cliche -RRB- . I saw it on TV a while back . I admit to being sucked into the mystery of Pat 's gender . However , as soon as I googled it and found out that the truth was never revealed , I immediately turned the film off . There was no other incentive for me to keep watching.The so-called `` evolved '' humour is nothing more than one lame joke . I actually cringed quite frequently at some of the gags , which were very immature and not funny in the least.This film may appeal to adolescent males and permanent frat boys , but no one else . For anyone looking for a intellectually stimulating film , I would certainly not reccomend this one .
 My god stay away from this film it 's terrible . It 's not even funny from the sketch that I watch off SNL . It 's only 76 minutes long ! There are only a few parts that can be funny but the rest of the movie is just stupid . If you want to watch a better SNL movie go watch Wayne 's World and Night at the Roxbury the rest of the SNL movies are dumb just like with the retarded movie Coneheads .
 On Saturday Night Live , the `` It 's Pat '' skits were always funny . The movie , however , was not . Yes , it is a very bad idea to take a few minute sketch and try to stretch the joke into a 90 minute movie . While it 's is not a great movie it is pretty funny at times . Especially the neighbor who becomes so very psycho obsessive in trying to discover Pat 's gender .
 Only thing that 's great about this movie is that Ween is in it but the rest of the movie is dumb . Watch the scenes where Ween is in it it 's hilarious .
 I think the skit from SNL is a whole lot better . I do n't really watch SNL that much as I use to it 's not that funny anymore most of my favorite comedians died like Chris Farley and Phil Hartman . It was sad to see them gone off the air they made me laugh when they were on . As for the skit of It 's Pat and they made it into a movie it can be sort of funny but it looks like they put all of the sketches into the movie and they made the running time 76 minutes long . Like if you are an adult and have a brain of an 11-year-old you 'll probably enjoy it but if your probably smart enough then do n't watch it . It will probably lose your lack of intelligence forever . It felt like I was watching some lil kids movie at daycare it 's really bad . Please do not waste your money on this crap . The best SNL movies are Wayne 's World and A Night at the Roxbury . I got them both on DVD . It 's Pat is the worse SNL movie I ever seen that needs to be thrown away in the garbage .
 I think the skit from SNL is a whole lot better . I do n't really watch SNL that much as I use to it 's not that funny anymore most of my favorite comedians died like Chris Farley and Phil Hartman . It was sad to see them gone off the air they made me laugh when they were on . As for the skit of It 's Pat and they made it into a movie it can be sort of funny but it looks like they put all of the sketches into the movie and they made the running time 76 minutes long . Like if you are an adult and have a brain of an 11-year-old you 'll probably enjoy it but if your probably smart enough then do n't watch it . It will probably lose your lack of intelligence forever . It felt like I was watching some lil kids movie at daycare it 's really bad . Please do not waste your money on this crap . The best SNL movies are Wayne 's World and A Night at the Roxbury . I got them both on DVD . It 's Pat is the worse SNL movie I ever seen that needs to be thrown away in the garbage .
 `` Why ? , '' is the question you will be asking yourself as you waste your valuable watching this piece of celluoid excreta . Who okayed this ? The one-joke situation of Pat 's androgyny gets old fast and there is absolutely no redeeming value to this at all . . except for manufacturers of guitar picks who would do wise to buy up every single print of this and cut them up in guitar pick sizes . YEECH !
 It 's Pat is the worst movie that I have ever seen . Based on the popular Saturday Night Live sketch , its Pat does n't make you laugh at all . It just keeps getting more and more annoying as the `` story '' goes . It 's not really a story but more like a bunch of sketches strung together . I would have given this movie zero stars but I could n't . Unless you like really really bad movies or are a big fan of the It 's Pat sketch -LRB- which , even if you are I think you will be disappointed -RRB- avoid this movie . It 's horrible .
 I had great excpectations about this movie , so I was really dissapointed when I saw it . Robert Englund plays the main characther , and Tobe Hooper has directed it . So of course you think this has to be a good movie . Robert Englund plays the characther of Marquis De Sade and Paul . Chevaller , both relatives in their own time , and both with a great interest in S&M . Genie is a girl who 's moving in with her father in the East , and she get 's herself into parties run by Paul Chevaller . I 'm sure this movie was ment to have a great plot , and I 'm also sure that it was ment to be a kind of epic film , telling the horror stories of S&M ... but that goes straight down the drain . Bat as we all know , life is full of suprises ... and dissapointments !
 It Lives Again -LRB- Larry Cohen , 1978 -RRB- It certainly should n't have , but it did , in fact , live again , four years after the original film . A lot of people with otherwise impressive resumes must have all needed money at the same time , for they got together and made this el-cheapo slasher sequel to the cult hit . Same basic idea , slasher baby , except that now there are three of them . -LRB- Remember the final line in the original movie ? -RRB- Trite , predictable , and as silly as anything that ever came out of the Herschell Gordon Lewis factory ; only worth seeing for completist purposes . ** * * It 's Alive III
 this is a poor series and a very poor movi
 OK I watched this movie one night on accident and I will never make the same mistake again ! The movie is soooo cheesy and I would never recomend it to anyone . I did n't think they still used claymation in the late 80 's but obviously they decided to , You hardly ever get to see the real `` monster '' . I think the movie is a cross between Harry and the Henderson 's meets King Kong . NEVER WATCH THIS MOVIE , IF YOU VALUE YOUR SANITY !!!!
 These movies are just total nonsensical rubbish about mutated babies . There is nothing scary or horrifying about any of these movies , silly , maybe , but not scary . From a horror movie fan 's perspective , I remain completely unimpressed with the merits of these films and that includes the original , `` It 's Alive '' which is not even offered in this set . I was just completely bored with these movies . The first one is definitely the lesser of the evils , but not much as far as being a scary movie or even an entertaining one for that matter ... the movies you get in this package are much worse than the original . What a worthless ... waste . The only thing about babies -LRB- mutated or not -RRB- that scares me is having to change their diapers . Do n't waste your money here !!
 It 's ALive 3
 As `` The Task '' began , it instantly appealed to my sensibilities with a winning premise . Setting a horror movie within the confines of an abandoned prison during a reality game show shoot -- how can you go wrong ? If you 've ever seen the television shows where contestants vie for cash prizes by braving scary -LRB- and oftentimes manufactured -RRB- horrors , you know that there is great material to be mined . MTV 's `` Fear '' is a good comparison point . `` The Task , '' however , seems not to know exactly what to do with this idea and while attempting to be a twisty thriller misses some of the basics . Fundamentally , the movie -LRB- after an expected set-up and character introduction -RRB- absolutely fails to even simulate interesting television . If the program being shot is supposed to be creepy and/or scary , it is really benign and utterly familiar . Without the game show providing any chills , laughs , or excitement , we 're left with tedium . Think I 'm overstating the case -- here are two random tasks
 Well I rented this film and fell asleep about fifteen minutes into it . So I guess I really cant review this one guys , SORRY
 Humor and dialogue were second rate , even for kids , and with naked fairies spinning into torn bikinis to channel their powers , I 'd say this show was written with older guys in mind , not kids . Guys who live in their mom 's basement .
 First , I 'm a Dad that loves most anything animated . I found the Disney Fairy shows to be some of my favorites to watch with my Daughter due to the high quality and good story.I did not know much about the Winx series and had high expectations based on other reviews but was dissapointed . The animation was stiff , the story seemed targeted for very young girls and did not flow well . I lost interest very quickly . Maybe this movie assumes you have been watching the Winx series and character development was not needed.I also felt there was too much boy / girl relationships going on for the target audience . The story seemed more for very young girls but all the girls in the movie were dealing with their own boy friends -LRB- lots of pouting . . etc -RRB- . I 'm going to just wait for the next Tinkerbell .
 Watched this movie with my 4-year old not knowing it was a series for older girls . We streamed it thinking , Awe innocent fairys ! This is a perfect example of , DO YOUR RESEARCH . Completely inappropriate for a 4-year old .
 Horrible storyline . The movie was all about spells and wizards and powers . And not in a positive or light-hearted way . I thought it was wayyyy too intense for my 4 year old daughter .
 Not one of my favorites ... characters not very likable ... series very slow placed ... overall and could not even finish watching the series .
 ... because the characters have nearly nothing to do with Arthurian legend . Yes , Arthur is Uther 's son , Merlin is a wizard , Morgaine is an enchantress , and maybe I forgot some other superficial similarities that this bears to the actual legend ; apart from these , there is basically no similarity . I wish that they had just given the show and the characters different names so that people who are familiar with the legend -LRB- i.e. , have read Morte d'Arthur , The Once and Future King , some of Marion Zimmer Bradley 's wishful thinking/historical revisionism , and others -RRB- would n't find this so confusing and difficult to watch . As it is , I can hardly bear to watch it ; it 's as though someone wrote a book in which Palpatine was the emperor , Vader was his second-in-command , Luke was Vader 's son , and Leia was Luke 's sister , but it took place in the Doctor Who universe and the plot was something out of a Gareth Roberts book .
 If you enjoy stories corrupted by political correctness this is for you . Nothing about it resembles what the original legend portrayed . In it , Arthur is a medieval space cadet focused on occasional sword practice and being lead by the nose by a different woman all the time . Merlin is a servant of Arthur that lives in the castle and basically does whatever he wishes to do and for a while even hung out with a Dragon in the basement ... as silly as that explanation seems , it 's basically a fairly honest description . If you can believe that early England was populated in the same way as Great Briton is today , and everyone was equal in medieval society you wo n't have trouble enjoying this convoluted mess . On the other hand , if you prefer some honesty to the cultural make-up of the people living in England back then and the real lifestyles they led , do n't waste your money buying it or for that matter waste your time viewing it.It 's more than fantasy ... it 's absolute BS .
 First off , my family absolutely loves this show . I waited a long time to write a review because my complaint is NOT about the show itself and I did n't want to give a low score in a review that should be about the show not the merchant . The show would get 5 * ! But the merchant failed to make things right so I wanted to warn any future buyers . I purchased Merlin Seasons 1 & 2 on Amazon marketplace for my 9-yr old 's birthday , from a merchant called ` powersellmachine ' with high rating , advertising his product to be new , factory sealed and genuine copy . Sadly , upon receipt I noticed that both DVD sets looked and played as if they were bootleg copies . DVD cover/box as well as the DVD labels seemed like bad photocopies . While the set was advertised to be original , it is in fact of worse quality than most of the old VHS tapes . It has to be some aftermarket , bootleg copy . I contacted merchant several times but no response . Paid over $ 50.00 for the two sets , quite a chunk of change and am left with useless DVDs and an upset 9-yr old . Save your money and buy it from anyone but powersellmachine !!! The show is fantastic , but you do n't need to waste your money on dishonest merchants .
 Well - where to begin ? I suppose that after you watch the first few episodes it begins to occur to you that all the main characters are slightly stupid . In fighting a flying monster they try to use swords and spears instead of crossbows for example . They never seem to learn from one episode to the next and always make the same basic mistakes regarding misjudging appearances and each other . There is no real growth or progression in the relationships or maturity of the younger characters and the older ones are so inflexible and foolish that it strains all credulity . Great liberties are taken with the original Arthurian myth so one finds Guinevere a serving maid , for example ! Their attitudes are completely modern and speech likewise makes it hard to place them from anywhere else than 21st century London . Basic plot of an episode will be a stranger shows up who will pretend to be something they are n't in order to get at the royal family . The king is oblivious , despite having this happen repeatedly , to the idea that somebody might use a disguise or lie to deceive him . Merlin tries to warn him , not believed , ends up having to use magic to save the day . Other than the tired plot devices there are occasional plot holes and inconsistencies and special effects are rather dull . I 'd guess the target audience is young teens .
 Lots of folks who like medieval things recommended this to me , but it seems to suffer from the same plague as the newest BBC Robin Hood
 I heard this show was similar , but it almost put me to sleep . Legend of the Seeker is far more entertaining for any magic & fantasy fan and the characters and the romances more likeable . Check it out !
 This series is good for kids or young adults , as long as they have access to the more original arthurian legends to balance it out . The acting , directing , and writing are precious and overly sentimental and the retconning of the arthurian legend seems so unnecessary as to make one wonder why they did n't just create a whole brand new story with new characters and call it something else entirely . I 'm disappointed that they made Arthur , Gwynn , Merlin , and Morgana all the same age . It 's like watching Young Hercules with all that entailed . If you 're a true fantasy fan , do n't waste your time with this , especially if you like the more classical stories of Camelot and King Arthur .
 same as season 2 not something I really want on my computer . I can see how it could be addicting , not something I want to spend time on .
 This season of he L word is probably the worst written season thus far . The story arc is disjointed , the individual character storylines appear to not have anything to do with the previous season 's story arc and the camera work is pedantic . The music which was a standout element in season one and two is equally lackluster.If you are a fan of the show save your money , and if you are a new to the show invest in season one or two .
 This is a very raw , gritty film , both emotionally and cinemagraphically . There are interviews , but they do not include any psychiatrists or neurobiologists , as I might have expected -LRB- see my immediately previous review on the brain -RRB- . Aileen herself , interviewed several times telling several different stories . Her family , the cops , the attorneys . But mostly it is Aileen and the filmmaker.Aileen was a hitchhiking hooker . She killed a total of seven men before she was captured , and late in the movie , she asserts that the main reason was that the cops `` let her do it . '' She argues that there was plenty of evidence at the scene of the first murder , but the cops chose to ignore it so that she would keep killing until they had a sensational serial killer who would make them a lot of money on book and movie deals.Sadly , there seems to be a good bit of basis for that argument.This movie also serves as a compelling argument against the death penalty . There was no question of her guilt , but that 's only one problem with the death penalty . Aileen convincingly illustrates another
 The interviewer has an obvious agenda ; he is anti-death penalty . He seeks to portray Wuornos as insane . The reality is much more complex than that .
 this film starts out interestingly then it becomes a bad Sore Joke.it tries to be many things without doing any one thing well to me overall.i felt it was tired in spots & never could hold up fully all the way through.it wanted Comedy , suspense & Romance but never fully developed none of them fully .
 Horrible . Uneven . Music matched one of the movies recurring themes -- dentistry -- driiiiiiiilllllllll and ooooooooooouch . Bonham-Carter 's accent -- another off-kilter element . Martin -- too old for role . Blood -- too red . Attic and rooftop -- too clean . Dern -- to blonde . Caan -- too short . Bizarre without being bizarre enough .
 This movie stars Steve Martin , Helena Bonham Carter , and Laura Dern , three terrific actors . And in fact , this movie was very well acted.But the story was just intolerable . Martin plays a gullible dentist drawn into a plot to steal his office narcotics & hijack his business . But Martin 's character , Dr. Frank Sangster , makes one incredibly stupid decision after another , to the point of unbelievable absurdity.For the most part , the story was dull . The plot was dumb , and the villains motive is never explained
 This movie is perhaps the worst movie I have ever seen . It literally made me sick . As in , vomitting in the lobby . I , of course , did not make it through the whole movie , but I can not even imagine how it might redeem itself . It was violent and gruesome , had a sickening , depraved story line and was not even a tiny bit funny . I fail to see why it would be billed as a comedy . I would guess that half the audience in the theater I saw it in walked out halfway into the movie . It was that bad . I am mad that I wasted my time and money .
 The difference between watching this movie and actually visiting a dentist is that there is at least far more stimulation with the latter experience and at times less pain.Anyone who watches a movie that contains Steve Martin has high hopes . While the premise of this film is witty and highly creative , it ultimately lets the viewer down , worse than any depressant I 've ever taken.Twisted , non-sensical and certainly humorless dialogue is delivered by an awkward cast and a vacuous script . The movie put me to sleep in the first five minutes , a much quicker acting soporific than Novocaine the drug and with a more bitter aftertaste .
 WARNING
 I would have to say that this is the worst Steve Martin movie . We decided to watch this movie as a family , and not only where we all confused but the ending was probably the best movie . I am not sure what would have made this movie a good movie because most of which I would remove . Allot of people had said that it was a comedy but I would have to say that it is a Dark movie . The Plot is not good the writing is not that good and it went unnoticed as a movie for a reason I am sure . I would not waste my money or time getting this movie .
 I would have to say that this is the worst Steve Martin movie . We decided to watch this movie as a family , and not only where we all confused but the ending was probably the best movie . I am not sure what would have made this movie a good movie because most of which I would remove . Allot of people had said that it was a comedy but I would have to say that it is a Dark movie . The Plot is not good the writing is not that good and it went unnoticed as a movie for a reason I am sure . I would not waste my money or time getting this movie .
 Being a modest Steve Martin fan , I fairly liked the beginning of the movie , and the concept was not without possibility . However , everything derailed early on and became one head-scratcher after another . The biggest failure is that the character motivations do n't make any sense , and Martin 's character , supposedly a sharp dentist , makes asisine judgements one after the other . The writing is poor , and Martin 's narrations sound scripted and hackneyed . The plot moves along fast , but in a mechanical and unbelievable way , with several placed concidences and bewildering logic . Spoiler warning
 Rarely does the title of a film say as much about it as this one does ; because by the time you get to the end , there 's a good chance you 're going to feel quite numb , as if you 've been given a body-size shot of novocaine . And it 's not because there 's so much wrong with this film -- it 's just that there 's not too much right about it ; it 's seemingly beyond the help of even it 's high profile cast , and that 's even if they were , indeed , trying to help in the first place . Unfortunately , the evidence -- with regards to one of the stars of the project , at any rate -- inexplicably points to the contrary , and it leaves `` Novocaine , '' written and directed by David Atkins , somewhere out on a limb ; a precarious place to be , considering that the tree itself was not strong enough to take root in the first place . Simply put , this one 's on such shaky ground that you 'll be convinced that there has to be a fault line running along beneath it somewhere , and while you 're trying to figure out where , you just might miss the point of the whole thing , which is something along the lines of `` If You Play With Fire You 'll Get Burned . '' Or better yet , pick your own platitude and fill in the blank . Either way , there 's not going to be any getting around the numb thing . Just accept it , and try to move on.Frank Sangster -LRB- Steve Martin -RRB- is a dentist with a successful practice , a beautiful finance , Jean -LRB- Laura Dern -RRB- , and a future that promises more of the same . Until one day out of the blue , Susan -LRB- Helena Bonham Carter -RRB- , a new patient , shows up at his office with a toothache . And before it 's over , he gives her a root canal , and she gives him the `` works , '' which includes wheedling a prescription of Demerol out of him . Can it be she has a drug problem ? Can Frank smell scam ? Apparently not , because the next day the entire drug supply in his office is missing , and so is Susan . She does leave one of her more personal items behind in the office , however , and when Jean gets wind of it , Frank -- to paraphrase a famous line -- has some ` splaining to do . And in veritably a nanosecond , the life of one Frank Sangster is turned upside down , and that old gravity , reality , begins it 's pull on him ; and there 's only one way it can possibly take him
 David Atkins `` Novocaine '' is as much a disaster as Michael Cimino 's `` Heaven 's Gate . '' Fortunately `` Novocaine '' probably only cost as much as the wigs in `` Heaven 's Gate . '' Where to start ? First of all the story/plot itself is only mildly interesting
 There is a shot way too early in the movie that reveals who the chief villian in this movie is . My nine-year old daughter caught it , and asked me afterwards why they gave this away so early in the movie . Thus is my major problem with a movie I was rooting -LRB- no pun intended , see below -RRB- for from the beginning , but ended as a disappointment.This was a noble attempt to create an intelligent thriller about a dentist -LRB- thus the `` root '' pun -RRB- whose life is turned upside down because of a pretty face . This has happened many times before , both in the movies , and in real life , and , as a male , I will grudgingly admit it does have credibility.The man in this movie is a dentist played by Steve Martin , who seems to have it all together . He has a successful practice , and Laura Dern is his fiance . Of course when a movie hits you over the head with information like this , you know things are going to change fast.This change occurs when the pretty face -LRB- Helena Bonham Carter -RRB- appears in his office , and nothing is ever again the same . She first cons Martin and a pharmacist out of some narcotics , then appears again and seduces him in his own dentist chair . The fact that she does this so easily shows that maybe he was n't as happy as he first declares in the movie . Or maybe it has something to do with the movie 's funniest line . When Martin asks her if she does this all the time with doctors and dentists , she replies just dentists because they 're dumber , no offense.So far , so good , and the situation gets even stickier when Martin discovers the next day that his whole stash of narcotics is missing , and one vial was found at the scene of a tragic accident . This leads to an encounter with the brother of Carter 's played violently by Scott Caan , a definite chip off his old man 's block . While the movie has several `` bad guys '' of varying degrees , it is here that we get the shot of who the real `` whodunnit '' person is . That 's it . Strike three . Movie over.So now we have to sit and wait for Martin to catch up with us , and the movie continues while pretending it did n't reveal this to us . While watching , I 'm reminded of the far superior `` Something Wild '' , where Jeff Daniels goes on a far more exciting roller coaster with Melanie Griffith . This movie should have gotten some tips from that one.While there are some humorous parts , the timing is sometimes bad . While being interviewed at his home , the plot decides to introduce Kevin Bacon as an actor researching a cop role . I imagine this was supposed to be funny , but it just did n't work at this time . We find out later that the character was introduced here to be a plot device later , but that scene is also clumsy and improbable.And that 's the problem . The movie wants to give us some laughs as well as the tension . It does the tension fairly well , but the comedy does n't work enough . Steve Martin does n't need to revert back to a `` Wild and Crazy Guy '' , but if he 's going to go for laughs , he should play less staid characters than he 's played lately or learn to become a better straight man while others get the laughs.So pick up `` Something Wild '' to see this subject treated better , and the orginal `` Lethal Weapon '' to see crime and comedy work well.One more note . While Steve Martin is n't THAT old , and Dern and Carter are n't THAT young anymore , and Martin does keep fit , and we 're not going into Woody Allen territory here , we still have the `` older male actor gets younger women '' syndrome yet again . Do n't hold your breath waiting for Sally Field to couple up with Freddie Prinze , Jr. in the near future .
 The fact is , this movie is a mess . Sure it has it 's moments and it has its Martinesque touches , especially the ending , but it basically does n't know what it wants to be.It has action and violence which sometimes we are supposed to think is funny
 An unamusing noirish black comedy . Steve Martin plays a dentist who ends up embroiled in sex , drugs and bloody murder when he makes the mistake of prescribing a lethal dose of stolen narcotics to one of his patients ; he quickly becomes a murder suspect . Martin 's fans may have difficulty accepting NOVOCAINE . It is a far cry from the likes of THE JERK and PLANES , TRAINS AND AUTOMOBILES . What is difficult for ANY viewer to accept is the possibility of Martin and Elias Koteas being brothers ! On the plus side , there is good support from Laura Dern and Helena Bonham-Carter as the victim 's sister , but good acting rarely makes a slovenly script worth your time . Viewers will wish they were actually under the influence of novocaine to be able to sit through this movie . The most memorable scene has Martin perfoming oral surgery on himself and a corpse . Eeew !! Then suddenly the tone of the movie becomes chirpy and upbeat . It 's as though a clip from FATHER OF THE BRIDE was inserted because producers were unable to finish the picture for some reason !! Kevin Bacon is good in a glorified cameo as a dimwitted plainclothes detective .
 I expected to see a comedy from Steve Martin , but what I saw is the definite failure of Steve Martin . It is not even a drama . It is a stupid movie that has no story . It is bunch of unrelated events that kept going on and on without any meaning . I am still wondering how a great comedy star like Steve Martin ends his career with this mish mash movie .
 Novocaine is a film that promised so much given the talented actors attached to it , Steve Martin , Helena Bonham-Carter and Laura Dern and delivered so little.The main problem of course lies squarely with a very weak and over the top script that tried so hard to explore the comedy and thriller with a twist genres , but was clearly lost between the two.Black Comedy is a very peculiar genre , and the term can be quite misleading.Genuine black comedy films are very few and far between , for it takes quite a special talent to write hidden , subtle and ironic humour.Also , the problem with Novocaine lies with a very mediocre direction from first timer David Atkins , who annoyed the ` fillings ' out of me with his numerous x-rays cuts.The whole plot just does not make any sense , A dentist -LRB- Martin -RRB- with a loyal fiance -LRB- Dern -RRB- , suddenly , at the very first sight and without any plausible explanations falls head over heels for this mysterious patient -LRB- Bonham-Carter -RRB- and begins an involvement that nearly destroys his life , -LRB- one that includes a couple of love scenes , and a topless miss Bonham-Carter ! -RRB- See , I know that she is an excellent actress , one of the best Brit exports to American cinema and she has a vulnerable and classic beauty , but not the sensuality , sexiness and allure that drove Dudley Moore mad for Bo Derek in Ten.So , in my opinion , Martin instant infatuation with her character was not believable.Yet this infatuation leads Martin to all sort of trouble
 An interesting little film with a very few laughs . However , the overall feeling of this film was more of an ` uncomfortable ' rather than a ` Steve Martin funny ' . I was disappointed and would not recommend it .
 Dentist Frank Sangster 's -LRB- Steve Martin -RRB- quiet life is turned upside-down when an odd new patient -LRB- Helen Bonham Carter -RRB- starts a spiral of drugs , lust , and murder.I was hoping Martin would play another wacky dentist like his character inLittle Shop of Horrors , but no such luck . This movie is n't a comedy and is too awkward to be a drama/thriller . Dr. Sangster is so relentlessly bland that he 's too dull to care about , and Carter 's slutty drug addict character is completely repulsive . Even with the two big stars plus Laura Dern as Sangster 's fianc&eacute; , this feels like a low-budget , indie film with much ham acting and plot holes galore . The truly hideous finale will leave you cringing ; all in all it 's a big disappointment .
 Strange and disappointing.A great cast , Steve Martin , Helena Bonham Carter and Laura Dern ca n't resurrect this embarrassing attempt at black comedy about an engaged dentist -LRB- Martin -RRB- who has an affair with a druggie -LRB- Carter -RRB- and then gets framed for murder.First time writer director David Atkins comes from a family of dentists but that 's just not enough to justify the green-lighting of this amateurish mish mash of a movie . There is one great moment with an unbilled Kevin Bacon playing an actor doing research for a movie role as a cop . His scenes grilling Martin are dead on . The rest of the movie is just plain dead.In the so so supplemental material , Steve Martin says , `` The only reason I signed on was that I once was in a David Mamet movie and wanted to be in another one with a guy named David . '' He has a pained expression and it 's clear he sadly realizes -- perhaps after the fact -- this is a dud.What makes this film barely worth renting is the unexpected documentary , `` Bitten , '' on forensic dentistry.At least no one says , `` The tooth ? You ca n't handle the tooth . `` I 'd give this feature -LRB- minus the extras -RRB- zero stars but that rating is n't available .
 I feel compelled to review this movie because it has such burgeoning star talent and yet failed on many levels . The characters are all pretty irritating , from Susan Sarandon 's stuffy , prissy housewife to Goldie Hawn 's sulking , expired sex diva to Geoffrey Rush 's neurotic , aimless writer . The characters seemed cut-and-paste and the resolution to legitimate problems too pat and insulting . The idea of a suicidal author who has years-old writer 's block and suddenly is overwhelmed with ideas and narrative drive simply because he got ... by Goldie is amazingly contrived . And Sarandon morphing back into her hippie persona after years of being a socialite simply was n't very invigorating -LRB- probably because her change was n't for the better -RRB- . Her identity crisis and subsequent constume change spurred familial conflict that was never dealt with . Uptight , repressed mother suddenly became groupie goddess and the daughters and husband looked on in shock , but did they ever really deal with her need to be herself ? All of a sudden they were okay with the fact that she had tousled hair , giggled at nude photos of private parts , and toked on a reefer , probably because the end was near and some resolution had to take place . The predictable speech at the end about `` being true to you '' was neither profound or hard-earned -- it was a cliche . Honestly , I found Goldie 's character to be sad and gloomy -- a wilted flower bathed in polluted rain . How she inspired others to break out of their shells is a mystery I wo n't try to solve -- or maybe I 'm just underestimating the power of Hollywood to resurrect a star and have everyone believe she is capable of changing lives in bed or on the dance floor . As for comedy , the biggest laugh I had was when Geoffrey Rush dances around his typewriter to music he could n't possibly hear -- his movements reminded me of a man responding to internal stimuli who is frantically trying to hush the voices ... a sensation shared by the viewer of this film ...
 Pointless movie . A waste of time . Glorifies being sexually promiscuous . Two old whores ` being themselves ' . . be true to yourself is the moral of this story ? Goldie has been so surgically ` refreshed ' as to look ridiculous .
 There 's an old cliche that says `` the whole is greater than the sum of it 's parts . '' Well , this movie is the opposite - a situation where a wide range of components are merge and somehow fail to to measure up to expectations.By now , everyone know the story
 Let 's see if we can set up the point to this film . Two women who used to be `` groupies '' and who were promiscuous and lived a life of following around and sleeping with rock stars went their separate ways .20 years later and one -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- still works in a bar , sleeps around , has no friends and no meaning whatsoever in her life except that she is being `` herself '' and not selling out . So , to start with the audience is required to somehow think that is a good thing , otherwise the rest of the movie makes no sense at all.After `` Goldie '' gets fired , and realizing that after 20 years all she has is an old friend somewhere who might be able to give her money , she sets off to find her.The other woman -LRB- Susan Sarandon -RRB- has gotten married to a wealthy lawyer , has two spoiled daughters who treat her poorly , and is generally unhappy with her life , despite her outward appearances.So , Goldie comes into town , they go downstairs and look at hundreds of old photos of men 's privates , smoke pot , and then `` Susan '' decides to dress up like a trampy version of Brittany Spears so they can go clubbing . This brings `` Susan '' back and gives her life new meaning ? `` Susan '' is now self-actualized and has `` let her hair down '' -LRB- although actually cut it off I think -RRB- and is now on her way to the kind of life her friend has ? Everyone is happy . The end.This movie is so bad from a moral standpoint , it glorifies `` Goldie 's '' character for being an irresponsible promiscuous loner trying to still be a teen-ager , that it is hard to give this even one star . However , it was produced well , and the acting is pretty good , so I gave it two stars for that , but minus ten for a liberal worldview that is shockingly bereft of any decent values or meaning at all .
 Wow ... . What can I say ??? I have six young sons , and nothing gives me greater pleasure than to get cozy on my huge sofa with my popcorn and coca-cola , after everybody 's is tucked in for the night , and enjoy some quiet time with a great dvd . Sadly , this movie was a bitter disappointment . I think Susan Sarandon is a wonderful actress , and Goldie Hawn has had her moments -LRB- Overboard -RRB- . Without going into the details of the film , I will try to concentrate my review on the elements of the film . When I excitedly hit the play button , which I was sure would open the door to a whole new soon-to-be favorite film , I was smiling and kept smiling hoping that each line would bring something to smile about . I soon discovered my face hurt from trying to hold my once geniune smile turned phony . I finally had to tell myself that the movie was n't funny or touching or even well-acted . Goldie 's Suzette possessed not one solitary trait that was even remotely endearing . Watching Geoffrey Rush 's character , Harry , become `` touched '' while Suzette allowed Vinnie 's -LRB- Susan Sarandon -RRB- daughter to puke all over her while she soothed her through her bad acid trip , was just plain silly . I felt myself feeling embarrassed for the actors . If Goldie Hawn did n't go home from shooting this film every night with a pounding headache or throwing her back out , I would be very surprised . There is no way that anyone could keep their lips pursed like that without some repercussion . And voguing one 's boobs sideways , backways , and every way to Sunday ca n't be good on one 's back . There was no `` feel good '' message , `` no moral '' to this waste of film . Those who have given `` The Banger Sisters '' a glowing review are clearly people who are `` low maintenance '' as far as movies go . They are not dazzled by gripping performances or an intelligent script . Two qualities I always look for . I guess if I am going to devote my valuable free time to watching a movie , it will have to be one worth watching and not this kind of slop . Hey , these people get paid millions of dollars to entertain . Should n't they have to earn it ? I could go on and on and on about all that is wrong with this movie , but I wo n't . Too much time has been wasted already . If you feel as if you want to give this movie a chance , I would strongly urge you to rent it , or better yet , borrow it from someone who owns it . DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 With Geoffrey Rush , Goldie Hawn , and Susan Sarandon in the cast one would hope for something better than this . I feel that if this movie had been a little more fleshed out , it would have been `` good '' . However , as it stands , I can not recommend this movie , and I say that with regret .
 It 's clearly a disaster area when a movie that unites the triumphant days of noshing with Jim Morrison and Frank Zappa features poor remakes of Doors tunes and unknown synthesized concoctions , hardly a soundtrack that convinces us groupie-dom is all about free spirits and giddy fun . Neither is this movie . You 'd think that the powerhouse pairing of Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn would be a shoo-in . No.Even the most recent botched comdies had a few guffaw-worthy memorable moments -LRB- Zoolander , The Sweetest Thing -RRB- . This one opens dead on arrival and the light at the end of the tunnel only arrives with the rolling of the credits .
 ** 2002 . Written and directed by Bob Dolman . Golden Globe nomination for Goldie Hawn . Twenty years after , two friends remember their debauched youth as groupies . If Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon 's performances may please you if you 're a fan , like me , of these actresses , you 'll be alas horrified by the vacuity of the screenplay of this film .
 This movie is a skunk for the eyes and ears . Just about everything about it stinks . The script , the directing , most of the performances , the set designs ... all stink . THE BANGER SISTERS was filmed in STINK-A-RAMA . This is a THELMA AND LOUISE for the stupid . I 'm not even going to go on about it . It 's not worth it .
 I was really looking forward to this one . Two likeable , Oscar-winning actresses playing former rock groupies getting back together after twenty years . And Goldie Hawn does give it a good try for awhile.But this film is just filled with cardboard characters , Hollywood stereotypes portraying mostly uptight characters in the world Hawn re-enters . You see , Sarandon left the groupie life for a `` better '' life years ago , and does not even want to acknowledge her past . Not to her husband , whose stereotype is the man trying to keep squeaky clean so he can run for office . And especially not her teenage daughters , who are eagerly trying all of life 's little evils , and would love to see a crack in mom 's armor.So we get a bunch of totally predictable scenes where Sarandon first rejects Hawn , then they slowly get comfortable with each other , and well , you know the rest . Now I know these stereotypes exist in real life . I really hate people who partied hard in a past life , but now turn their noses down to anyone remotely wanting to let their hair down . And I 've seen enough politicians to be sick of their phony behavior . I just do n't want to see a movie with them in it , where if you think about it , not much really happens.I also do n't like that there 's not really a lot of rock-and-roll in what 's billed as a rock-and-roll movie . A rock-and-roll movie should have more of the joy of the genre ' , but there 's just too much depressive behavior in this one .
 Poor Amazon connection to video , could not watch it . I went to another web site to view a different videoP.Struckman
 The dvd will only play on laptop , other dvd players ca n't read , keep getting message
 I purchased this DVD for my mothers birthday and it will not play on any DVD player in the house . Not due to scratches or any of those issues . The screen will say something along the lines of not compatible .
 What the heck is the point of this movie ? That being a skanky slut is better then being a well respected member of society ? This movie is so unrealistic . Are we really susposed to believe that a mother could show up looking like a hooker at her daughter 's high school graduation which was at a ritzy exclusive private school and her family and every parent and student would cheer and be ok with it ? No way ! She would in the REAL world be a laughing stock and her family would be shocked and angry and the other students and parents would be shocked and disappointed and would most likely gossip about her and not invite her to any of their social functions anymore .
 Seeing Goldie prance around like a five dollar hooker was very upsetting ... I enjoyed the Geoffry Rush character and I think it would have been a better movie if the movie was more about him . Sarandon is a great actress and did her best to make the part work . But I could never get past the cartoon character that Goldie provided . She was in fact the heroine in the story . She understood children , even if she had none of her own . She saved and resurrected the soul of Geoffry and Susan , even if her life was a total wipe-out . Unbelievable!Save your 8 bucks , wait for the video .
 In `` The Banger Sisters '' , fifty-somethings Hawn and Sarandon prove that Spandex should only be worn by twenty-somethings . Beyond that , it 's a sad film peopled with caricatures rather than characters . The message seems to be that life as an upstanding citizen is a bad and deadly boring thing but reliving a former life in the fast lane can keep you `` true '' . Savoring the past is fine , but try to keep on living it and you just might end up - like Hawn 's character - broke and out of gas somewhere in the desert .
 As much I love Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn , I foudn this movie quite boring with a predictable plot , unlikeable supporting characters , and slow pacing . Susan and Goldie trie their hardest , but even they ca n't overcome the bland script . Goldie is her normal silly outragous self , but she tries to hard and Kate Hudson did the blond , ditzy groupie role better in Almost Famous , which is a shame . Susan does well with what she can , but she seems bored . Geoffrey Rush should be embarrassed to play the role he played , and Erika Christenson and the other actress playing Susans daughter in the film , are so obnoxioulsy annoying , I wanted to fast forward all of their scenes . This could have been a better film , if it had better writers and better supporting actors , but all you get is a mess of a film that wastes the talents of two remarkable actresses .
 I like all of the actors in The Banger Sisters , Geoffrey Rush , Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon but the movie is n't very good.It was the weak plot and the fact that most of the characters were unlikeable and far fetched that makes this movie so unenjoyable and the only likeable character is the sad sack played by Geoffrey Rush who does a great American accent and I would recommend this movie only for his superb performance !
 This film was a disappointment from the word go . It is predictable , cliche , poorly written and extremely short on laughs -LRB- and any real understanding of what makes the characters tick . -RRB- There is n't a likable , or real character in the whole movie.The premise would have been much better served as a character study of how these two women find themslves at their current state in life , -LRB- yes , both are truly unhappy , and unfulfilled -RRB- and how they reconcile the past with the present and their eventual venture into a new future .
 This movie was fantastic . However , I must admit that I have not seen the version for sale here . I have been waiting with bated breath to own this film . It was shown in theaters in Thailand , in Thai , with English subtitles . However , I find that the version for sale here has been dubbed into Taiwanese Chinese with English subtitles . If anyone knows how to get a Thai version with English subtitles , please post the information in your review . Theresa Dunn
 This review is for the movie The Gatling Gun/King Gun 1972/1973 , there is one with the same title in 1968 thats a different movie folks ! ... Like the title says a good movie , good actors , see other reviews for discription of movie review ... but I thought I 'd also rate the quality of the dvd from Westlake Budget , very poor looks like a copy of the original film which is in bad shape , colours faded , film scrathes etc and I understand the dvd from Timeless Media Group is no better ... not worth the price keep it in mind and wait for a better copy to be released ... I like buying from Amazon but when they sell you dvd 's that are this bad a quality your actually getting riped off by these distributers , when will Amazon look after there customers and pull movies made by this off there shelfs ... until Amazon does we need to not just review movies but identify these distributers in our reviews so no one else buys them ... just my little thought going out to you !!!
 The Gatling Gun is one of my favorte western videos . It has good action and adventure . The weapon , The Gatling Gun is my favorte weapon but when I found out there was a movie called The Gatling Gun my Dad bought the movie for me . It 's a good movie but not a great movie .
 Spend the money on anything else . Historically inaccurate , biased in some places to the point of bigotry , and without value even for someone with little or no background in the subject .
 Really bad and boring . I 'm very interested in stuff like this , but way to take something interesting and turn it into a snoozer !
 The interviewer has an obvious agenda ; he is anti-death penalty . He seeks to portray Wuornos as insane . The reality is much more complex than that .
 This is a very raw , gritty film , both emotionally and cinemagraphically . There are interviews , but they do not include any psychiatrists or neurobiologists , as I might have expected -LRB- see my immediately previous review on the brain -RRB- . Aileen herself , interviewed several times telling several different stories . Her family , the cops , the attorneys . But mostly it is Aileen and the filmmaker.Aileen was a hitchhiking hooker . She killed a total of seven men before she was captured , and late in the movie , she asserts that the main reason was that the cops `` let her do it . '' She argues that there was plenty of evidence at the scene of the first murder , but the cops chose to ignore it so that she would keep killing until they had a sensational serial killer who would make them a lot of money on book and movie deals.Sadly , there seems to be a good bit of basis for that argument.This movie also serves as a compelling argument against the death penalty . There was no question of her guilt , but that 's only one problem with the death penalty . Aileen convincingly illustrates another
 Now I 'm going to review & rant on the 7th installment of TheH e l l raiser series Deader . released in 2005 directed by Rick Bota yeah cause he was so great the last time . It stars Kari Wuhrer as Amy Klein , Doug Bradley , Simon Kunz as Charles , Paul Rhys as Winter , Marc Warren as Joey & Georgina Rylance as Marla . Once again they took a script for another movie & made a sequel out of it . So the story is an underground reporter Amy Klein has been sent to Romania to investigate a cult who bring the dead back to life . The movie I can say goes along good until the scene where she finds the box on a girl & we get a bunch of BS dream sequences & it really goes down hill . She goes to meet this guy named Joey & he tells her about a cult known as The Deaders & it 's leader named Winter . You then have a scene that could 've been cut out where Amy sees Winter by The Subway & he runs into it . The cops can 's find a body & she 's questioned over it . When she 's in the Deader 's home or whatever she 's captured then we have a whole bunch of nonsence . Then it 's a dream & she wakes up with a knife in her & she 's bleeding really bad & this is like the 1 decent scene . Pinhead tells Amy that he needs her to end The Deader Cult & to me why does he need her help this movie does n't make any sence . Then it 's all a dream it 's The Deaders want her to join Pinhead shows up pwns them Joey happens to be there he says `` Aww f v c k s sakes . '' Pinhead wants to take Amy to h e l l & well she kills herself so Pinhead ca n't . I know I did n't explain the plot very well but this was a awful sequel as a stand alone movie it 's mediocre . Kari Wuhrur was decent . Doug Bradley was there not given a lot to do . Paul Rhys was forget able . Marc Warrnen was there & he was forget able . Part 8 is next .
 this movie took way to long i cant remember what company on amazon i ordered it from but make sure you ask them how long it would take for the price your paying
 The Hellraiser series continues to be an excersise in pointless filmmaking . This new film is a badly thought out mess that uses plot points from the original film , but has no actual point . It 's a cliche filled mess that might be enetertaining if you 're drunk enough . Bad as it is though it 's better than the previous four or five sequels
 Just like the other sequels -- Plot jumps areound , mkaes no sense -- WASTE OF $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ !!!! 2 thumbs DOWN !!! : o -LRB-
 AGAIN JUST ADD TO COLLECTION . . NOT A GOOD PLOT ... IM NOT SURE IF CLIVE BARKER DIRECTED THIS OR NOT . BUT IT JUST CANT CUT THE MUSTARD FOR ME .
 this was yet another example of how an excellent series could go terribly wrong . how many ways can i describe how bad this movie is ? the acting is horrible . it was like watching a soap opera actress do horror when nothing scary was happening . the drama did n't have nearly the same effect of even the third omen.i just could n't figure out why anyone would want to release this after the story had already been finished in the third omen . i have to agree with just about everyone who reviewed this . i could n't believe they were all right , but they were . maybe that is why at the time i am writing this , there is only one copy available through the merchant stores on this sight .
 Pathetic . Horrible . Stomach-churning . Tiresome . Senseless . Tasteless . Miscast . Awful . Dismal . Tacky . Convulsive.BAD ! BAD ! BAD ! BAD!Even `` borrowing '' liberally from Jerry Goldsmith 's Oscar-winning score ca n't save an `` awakening '' that should not have been allowed .
 ill give it 1 star for the cover but the rest stunk .
 I remember watching this and the feeling of disappointment I had at the end . This does not live up to the Omen Trilogy ! While watching it I actually became somewhat bored and considered stopping the tape and doing something else . In 50 years I doubt if anyone will remember this flick .
 I believe this was a true farce . Event though I was expecting a fourth episode years ago . -LRB- When I saw the third one , Damien Thorn and Kate Reinolds doing it in bed , I figured there was gon na be another sequel , but not like that one.I guess the movie itself was not that bad after all , but I really did not like the idea of adding another child as the antichrist . You may consider me a little conservative , but for me , The Omen is damien and Damien is the Omen , period.Why did they have to repeat and use the soundtrack of the preceding Omens to make this one , was it because Jerry Goldsmith found the script a little more like a farce too ? They had to hire someone else to compose music -LRB- no offence to the other composer , but the Omen is for Jerry Goldsmith -RRB- ,
 I saw this movie right after watching the original Omen . At the time , I thought it was a decent movie , but after seeing Omen II and III , I realize that it did not live up to its predecessors at all ! It made absolutely no sense , but it did make you jump occassionally . If you really want a scare , get the original trilogy .
 This movie is a blasfemy indeed . I gave one star because I had no more options below it . Why was it called `` The Omen '' anyway ? It made no sense at all . It 's a horrible movie that had nothing to do with the original trilogy . This movie sucks . Avoid it at all cost if you really liked the original trilogy.BTW ... It 's hard to decide which one will suck more . The Awakening or the trilogy remake .
 This is a horrible attempt of an Omen sequal . Thi should not even have the same name . And since when is the Antichrist a girl is n't the devil 's son a guy ? The only good thing about this movie is that the little girl is more menacing then damien .
 Anyfan of The Omen who has faithfully watched the first three and not seen this one should stop right now so you 'll continue to have great memories from the frightfest called the Omen . The Omen 4 -LRB- 1992 -RRB- is the worst sequel in the history of horror film sequels and I 'm including the worst of the Halloween and Friday the 13th sequels.The Omen 4 is about Damien 's spawn and the next coming of the antichrist . The problem is the Damien 's child who is set to be the next antichrist is a girl . The explanation of how a girl is the next antichrist does n't work not to mention that she 's an annoying spoiled brat . The original omen worked because you were n't sure what to believe about Damien since he was likable . Delia is not likable and the story is lame .
 TV Movies are abundant these days are n't they ? Omen IV : The Awakening became one of the more earlier victims of tv films with unnecessary sequels spawned . Fox Network , this time , attempted unsuccessfully to spawn more interested in the series and perhaps make a few bob out of this instalment . The tagline-the terror continues is a very apt one concerning how bad this film actually is.Damien Thorne has been dead for over ten years . Rather than attempting to bring back Damien , Fox decide to ` resurrect ' the antichrist this time using a female protagonist to play the devil , a she devil if you will . Two rich attorneys become proud parents of Delia Yorke . Over time -LRB- just like Katherine Thorne experienced -RRB- Karen York realises all is not what it seems with her precious child . Things start to go wrong , unexplained deaths etc I do n't really need to say anymore , this film is a very bad copy of it 's original , the only difference being that the devil is played by a ten year old girl.It 's something that an Omen fan will watch once out of curiousity . It 's also something that when you have watched you 'll be scolding and kicking yourself for wasting almost 2 hours of your life . Worthless entry , purely made to make a couple of dollars out of an already dying series .
 This 1991 made for television movie was certainly trying to capitalize on the popularity of the blockbuster 1976 film `` The Omen '' and the two sequels it spawned . It is not really a sequel . It tries to update the original story . Here , a young , married couple , Karen -LRB- Faye Grant -RRB- and Gene York -LRB- Michael Woods -RRB- , who both happen to be well to do attorneys , are having a hard time conceiving . They go the adoption route , adopting a baby girl that they name Delia.As Delia -LRB- Asia Vieira -RRB- grows up , she seems to have a number of issues . Animals are afraid of her . Those who succeed in annoying her seem to run into a spot of trouble . They even die , as does her Nanny , who ends up impaling herself after she falls from a second story window . Delia then gets a new nanny who looks out for her interests . Sounds familiar ? You are right ! it sounds an awful lot like the plot of `` The Omen '' . It has other similarities . Here , her father may not be ambassador to another country , but he runs for public office and is elected . Delia is confident that her father , who dotes on her , will be President one day . Delia is the apple of her father 's eye . It is her mother who comes to think that she is the Antichrist.Unfortunately , the reality is that this film ends up being nothing like the original film upon which it is based . The plot becomes convoluted and ridiculous . In updating the story line , the writer brought in some new age gobbledegook that goes nowhere . The story , which starts out promisingly enough , degenerates into total absurdity and becomes unbelievable and downright laughable . Unlike the original , which was believable because of the subtlety that was employed through its straightforward presentation and deft direction , this film is anything but . Ham handedly directed and with a poor script with which to work , the actors cast never even had a chance.Don ' t buy this film . If you are a fan of `` The Omen '' and are curious , rent it .
 10-years after the 3rd Omen movie , The Omen IV was the movie to restart the franchise and keep it going . But its movies like this are why we have so many remakes . I was n't expecting a masterpiece of filmmaking , but I was expecting a fairly decent movie ; something that would serve as a decent time killer . But what I got was one really , really bad movie . Omen IV starts off weak , but watchable , but than it just goes down and becomes a complete waste of time.The screenplay written by Brian Taggert was n't very good , but not the worst I have come across . The script was weak and the biggest problem is it tries too hard to be like the original and it fails . The characters are fairly decent , but the script never really becomes much . The problem was the script just was n't very interesting like I said the screenplay was n't very good , but not the worst out there . But The Omen IV did have a weak script and there were more problems than just a weak script.Originally Dominique Othenin - Girard was hired to direct and he 's best known for Halloween 5 . Dominique is an interesting director . He 's not very good , but he does have some decent ideas . Halloween 5 is seen as one of the weaker installments and I agree , but it 's a guilty pleasure of mine and the movie had some good ideas , but Dominique Othenin - Girard is n't a good enough director to execute them . Though I will stand by the final act of that movie being very well-done with some good suspense and tension ; I do n't think Halloween 5 though is the waste of a film it 's made out to be , it 's a decent slasher with some good moments , but in no way is Dominique Othenin - Girard a good director , but he does have some decent ideas.Let 's face it though Omen IV was made for cable TV and it 's been 10-years since the last part Dominique is really the best you can get . Richard Donner who directed the original is out of the question and the odds of landing someone known for the horror genre or someone who is trying to make a name for themselves is also pretty much out of the question . Bottom line is you get what you pay for and Dominique Othenin - Girard is the best the franchise could do at this point.Even though the script was weak Omen IV could have been fairly decent with the right director and Dominique Othenin - Girard was clearly not the right director . There is no suspense or tension and the scenes meant to entice suspense instead come out laughable . Omen IV has a lot of un-intentional comedy . During production it was clear Dominique was n't the right person for the job and reports are he quit , but he was actually replaced in favor of Jorge Montesi . I do n't know who shot what , but it seems he came in with a couple of weeks left to try and salvage the mess that was Omen IV.Again I do n't know who shot what , but too much blame can not be put on Jorge Montesi ; he did n't have time to really go over things there was no prep time and he ca n't reshoot any footage due to the movie would be going over schedule and over budget , which it was on it 's way to begin with . Despite the weak script Omen IV could have been a decent flick , but the directing is so poor and also was poorly shot . There 's no sense of pacing and again any of the scenes meant to be suspenseful come out really silly.About the only saving grace were the actors . Some people say the acting was bad , but I have to disagree . While the acting here is n't brilliant none of the performances were really bad and they make this movie slightly better than it should be , but when you have a hack filmmaker it 's kinda tough to give a top notch performance . Faye Grant as Karen York is the most interesting character , but overall just does n't work . Asia Vieira as Delia York is actually pretty good , but she comes across more as a spoiled brat than the spawn of the anti-Christ . I think Asia Vieira does deliver a good performance , but again she seems more of a spoiled brat than evil.After this movie the Omen franchise would be done until the remake was released in 2006 . The Omen IV pretty much fails on every level , while the movie is never good it starts off watchable , but quickly becomes a total bore-fest . The cast is good , but very little else is . The Omen IV is poorly made and just not very interesting . The scenes with suspense and tension are laughable . Avoid this one and stick with the original . There 's nothing worth watching here .
 The Omen series took a downward slope after the first one . This is the worst of the Omen films . Skip unless you must see it .
 This movie was not demonic enough for an OMEN series.It was nothing like I expected , especially the music , which did not fall into the major scenes correctly . I really did not enjoy it .
 A cheap imitation of Omen series , even worse than Freddy 's Nightmare 6th and others . You can get this idea before you watch the movie beacuse it 's 90s production and based on a story of the daughter of Damien . It 's very obvious that they have made this movie to use horror fans commercially but I do n't think that it made good money during it was showed at cinemas .
 Or The Sleepiness ? Dullness ? what scare was there here ? I though Omen III had hit rock bottom ? I was wrong ! This movie is just as awful . the only good in the series are Parts 1 and Part 2 -LRB- not as much as Part 1 -RRB- . This movie is almost a comedy , zany music , -LRB- clown type music ? -RRB- Bad Actors/Acting , bad story , bad all around .
 I am a huge fan of The Omen series but The Omen without Damien should not have been made . Generally when the main character is killed off that means that the series is complete , when they try to start up the series with a new main character that almost always means failure , and in this movie that is exactly what happened . I 've heard that they made an Omen 5 but I think it 's just a rumor , is this true ?
 If I bought this I have n't seen it ! If I bought this I have n't seen it ! If I bought this I have n't seen it !
 Well it took them over fifteen years , but they managed to re-vive and kill the tale of the anti-Christ , Damien Thorn in one single -LRB- mind you long and painfull -RRB- blow . It seems like the producers of this bomb were trying to get every last drop of blood out of this series , thinking that no one would notice the shoe string budget and half-arsed tv movie of the week casting . Why would any fan of this relatively high quality series of films setle for anything less than what they have come to expect from the past three films ? All of the other movies featured interational locations , a fine cast of performers -LRB- not to mention directors -RRB- , and original scores performed by the philarmonic orchestra -LRB- as opposed to the Seattle orchestra -RRB- . This so called film used recycled music from the last film and its exotic location was limited to the low budget standby of Vancouver Britsh Columbia . I can advise the average movie fan to sit back and enjoy the original trilogy ... but the only way I could recomend this film , is as an example of why some things should just be left alone .
 Do not buy this because this is one of the worst films ever . I you are interested please go for the other ones instead of this one .
 Well it took them over fifteen years , but they managed to re-vive and kill the tale of the anti-Christ , Damien Thorn in one single -LRB- mind you long and painfull -RRB- blow . It seems like the producers of this bomb were trying to get every last drop of blood out of this series , thinking that no one would notice the shoe string budget and half-arsed tv movie of the week casting . Why would any fan of this relatively high quality series of films setle for anything less than what they have come to expect from the past three films ? All of the other movies featured interational locations , a fine cast of performers -LRB- not to mention directors -RRB- , and original scores performed by the philarmonic orchestra -LRB- as opposed to the Seattle orchestra -RRB- . This so called film used recycled music from the last film and its exotic location was limited to the low budget standby of Vancouver Britsh Columbia . I can advise the average movie fan to sit back and enjoy the original trilogy ... but the only way I could recomend this film , is as an example of why some things should just be left alone .
 This is not Omen , this is just a cheap copy of it . Death scenes nearly the same with other Omens but this time they are too weak and not impressive . Also that black dog from the first episode appears suddenly and becomes a member of family which I find very unnecessary . Apparently Delia is luckier than her own father because Damien was 12 when he realized who he was indeed but Delia awares of herself since she was born . Maybe females of the Devil 's family are more clever :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- We hear less music in this movie therefore the important scenes turns out to be ordinary especially for the viewers who has seen the Real Omens . To sum up I can say that there had been no reason to make this movie , so you do n't have any to see it . the previos Omens .
 This 1991 made for television movie was certainly trying to capitalize on the popularity of the blockbuster 1976 film `` The Omen '' and the two sequels it spawned . It is not really a sequel . It tries to update the original story . Here , a young , married couple , Karen -LRB- Faye Grant -RRB- and Gene York -LRB- Michael Woods -RRB- , who both happen to be well to do attorneys , are having a hard time conceiving . They go the adoption route , adopting a baby girl that they name Delia.As Delia -LRB- Asia Vieira -RRB- grows up , she seems to have a number of issues . Animals are afraid of her . Those who succeed in annoying her seem to run into a spot of trouble . They even die , as does her Nanny , who ends up impaling herself after she falls from a second story window . Delia then gets a new nanny who looks out for her interests . Sounds familiar ? You are right ! it sounds an awful lot like the plot of `` The Omen '' . It has other similarities . Here , her father may not be ambassador to another country , but he runs for public office and is elected . Delia is confident that her father , who dotes on her , will be President one day . Delia is the apple of her father 's eye . It is her mother who comes to think that she is the Antichrist.Unfortunately , the reality is that this film ends up being nothing like the original film upon which it is based . The plot becomes convoluted and ridiculous . In updating the story line , the writer brought in some new age gobbledegook that goes nowhere . The story , which starts out promisingly enough , degenerates into total absurdity and becomes unbelievable and downright laughable . Unlike the original , which was believable because of the subtlety that was employed through its straightforward presentation and deft direction , this film is anything but . Ham handedly directed and with a poor script with which to work , the actors cast never even had a chance.Don ' t buy this film . If you are a fan of `` The Omen '' and are curious , rent it .
 What was the point of this film ? The story was finished after The Final Conflict , three great stories , that was all . There was no need for this one . It 's just a repeat of the original Omen of 1976 . Omen IV is ridiculous and a waste of time .
 This made-for-TV movie is weak , convoluted , and just plain bad ! It does no justice whatsoever to its cinematic bretheren and does nothing to further the Omen series . The actors are strictly `` After-School Special '' caliber , excepting Michael Lerner , who appears to be exceptionally bored . To call the script a mess would be an insult to messy scripts everywhere . It is D.O.A. . The score reeks of month-old meatloaf left out in a hot sun . Not even stolen tracks from the soundtracks of `` The Omen '' and `` The Final Conflict '' can salvage this audio catastrophe . Do n't waste your time . Seek entertainment elsewhere .
 Yes , folks , `` Omen IV : The Awakening '' is the all-time , undisputed champ for the title of `` worst sequel ever made !!! `` Inept on every level , this sorry rehash of the classic 1976 film `` The Omen '' follows a young couple -LRB- mom stays at home , dad is a political up and comer -RRB- who adopt a baby girl to complete their nuclear family.Mom -LRB- Faye Grant , slumming since `` V '' -RRB- soon discovers that the little one is someones daughter all right . . but her real daddy lives a wee bit south of us.Inane plot , poor death sequences . . and the absolutely worst case of continuity error EVER . To wit
 Ugh ... Just ugh ... Why they felt this TV movie was necessary after the storyline was all nice and wrapped up at the end of THE FINAL CONFLICT is beyond me . Almost as stupid as the idea of remaking the original . BOO ! AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!!
 Do n't be fooled by the title . Omen IV
 I thought The Omen and it 's sequels were part of a trilogy ? Well I was wrong . Omen 4 , originally made for tv was released in 1991 . This time the seed of Damien is apparent in a child , Delia who seems to appear as the demon child in this sequel . The death scenes are silly , the producers obviously trying to entertain the horror crowds with gore so they wo n't notice the thin plot of this film . Of course one thing is saved from this movie being a total flop , Jerry Goldsmith returns with his original movie score to give the film some credibility although it does n't deserve any whatsoever . Pathetic sequel , made to squeeze every last drop of blood the other films every had .
 We have seen Damien as the hell-spawn child in the original film , The Omen -LRB- Two-Disc Collector 's Edition -RRB- -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , then we saw him as a teenager inDamien
 When it was released in 1981 , `` Omen III
 Damien Thorn is dead , but his legacy lives on in a little girl . Delia York seems like your average child yet the strange deaths happen wherever she goes . Her mother starts to question about what their adoptive child really is.Another sequel in The Omen films ... You are lead to believe that Delia is the Anti-Christ , but there 's a small plot twist to shock you . Not at good as the movies before . It 's almost like when Halloween 3 was made without Michael Myers , The Omen 4 is n't as good without Damien Thorn .
 All the York 's ever wanted was a little girl , but they will get more than they bargained for when they adopt young Delia into the family ... A number of strange deaths lead Mrs. York to suspect that there is something terribly wrong with her new daughter , but the truth is more horrifying than she could ever imagine ! This ill-conceived rebirth of THE OMEN series wreaks of bad television , with comically overacted characters abound and plenty of artless direction . Nothing can be taken seriously in THE AWAKENING . It is made clear from the very beginning that Delia is evil , so the game is n't to find out whether or not she is truly the devil 's daughter , but how and when she will strike next . That being the case , Asia Vieira plays the part well as the cunning and manipulative little liar . It is too bad the same ca n't be said for her adult counterparts . Some guilty pleasure can be found in the FINAL DESTINATION-like death scenes , but not enough to justify the rest of this tacky production.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 Viewed
 I do n't mean to insult the feminists or women 's lib . movement in the world today , but a female anti-christ ? If you like `` The Omen '' and `` Damien
 Classic Horror Trailers is nothing more than the original trailers of old movies -LRB- mostly horror -RRB- strung together . No bumper titles , no production value at all . Sometimes it was n't clear if the movie title on the screen was for the previous movie or the next.Another disappointment was that no classic horror movies are found here . It 's unfortunate that the Karloff/Strange image of Frankenstein is used for this title when none of their movies are included . The closest thing to classic are some of the original Hammer films.One trailer was run twice and several non-horror titles are included like High Plains Drifter , Flower Drum Song , and Marine . This title is simply an unedited collection of public domain trailers -LRB- in public domain condition -RRB- strung together . As such , it 's fairly amusing , but it begs the question why did n't they put a little effort into it and make something really worth viewing .
 I love watching movie trailers , especially horror , I really do ; however , these trailers are some of the cheesiest I have ever seen . After watching these trailers , I would n't watch 95 % of the movies they represent . The creatures -LRB- or monsters -RRB- are so fake looking , the acting is atrocious , the music pathetic , etc , etc. . I have Amazon Prime -LRB- which is terrific -RRB- so , thankfully , this video was free . Not worth your time
 The Redheaded girl is very HOT . Story line is confusing . The charactors are not believable . Takes place somewhere in Michigan and I like that . Silly Flick . This is a film that probably nobody has heard about and would be better off not hearing about it .
 Kurbaan , is the latest movie about terrorism and the presence of a sleeper cell in every neighborhood.Kareena Kapoor is Avantika a visiting professor in New Delhi who meets a colleague Saif Ali Khan as Ehsaan , another professor . He starts to pursue her and eventually they fall in love . Her time in India is up as she has to return to NYU in the fall , Ehsaan agrees to come but under one condition they need to get married . In America Ehsaan starts teaching a class on Modern day Islam . However life in suburbia is not peaceful , suspicious neighbors who are wife beaters and terrorists emerge . Avantika finds out that her husband is a terrorist as well.The movie borrows its plot from the film Arlington Road . Muslims are shown as terrorists as usual with the lead terrorist played by Om Puri and his wife played by Kirron Kher . The reasons that they decide to become terrorist are flimsy as if any reason is convincing . Vivek Oberoi plays an American Muslim journalists who is against terrorism but goes underground to prevent these terrorist from carrying out their deeds.Normally I avoid movies about terrorism because so many have been made and most of them were bad . We just saw a few in the last year , New York , Khuda Kay Liye etc. . . All lead actors sleepwalk through their roles , Kareena Kapoor is clearly wasted save for the couple of erotic scenes that she gets to perform with Saif . Production values are okay . I watched this because it had received so many positive reviews . Clearly disappointed I will give it two stars .1 / 31/10
 Karan Johar responds
 Bad copy . Stops , freezes , have to go the title menu often to restart viewing . Bad copy , bad product . Would not recomend
 I do n't advocate this much , but when you compare the novel and this movie , I would say go read the book . This book leaves out and alters so much of the story that it completely changes the meaning of the book . Omitting the Tom Sawyer sequence at the end is a complete crock . When Peter Jackson set out to make the Lord of the Rings , yes , he had to cut much out in order to not make 3 different four-hour long movies , but he did n't decide `` Ok , let 's change it from ` The Ring being destroyed ' to ` Indians do a dance and then tell a story about how the White Man took his land ' . '' Someone wrote that it should n't matter if it does n't follow the book exactly . This is a case where it changed just about every possible aspect from the book just enough to be able to still call it Huck Finn . In fact , I could promise that just about the only two things from the book that were not altered in at least one blasphemous way were the title and the character 's names .
 It would have been helpful to be able to play this on a computer DVD .
 I think this book was very boring . But the movie was alittle better . I wish that he had published some better book than the ones that he has out.Mark Twain is a very creative man and I admire that . Recently i had visited his house in Conneticut . It was really nice and I enjoyed myself . Otherwise , the my most favorite book would have to be Tom Sawyer because it was an exciting aventure . Iy was also nice how he put Tom Sawyer as a continuation in Huck Finn Book , eventhough I thought that book was really boring . So to all the readers out there I would just like to say watch the movie and not read the book you will enjoy it more .
 Waste of film and time ! Would not recommend this video The Raid . If you are a total gamer it sucks .
 This is one of those movies that did not age well . Or maybe I only liked it when it was new because I had the hots for Kris Kristofferson.Ellen Burstyn is Alice Hyatt , married to an SOB truck driver in New Mexico who smacks her and sometimes her kid , but is not violent enough for her to leave him . They fight a lot , even in front of the kid . Then her husband is killed when his truck is smashed up . She decides that she and her son Tommy -LRB- Alfred Lutter -RRB- are going to go back to Monterey where she lived as a kid . I do n't think she ever mentions going to Tommy 's grandparents or anything , and all they have for money is what she earned at a garage sale before she left.Now , there are a great many stupid things about this movie , but one of the most stupid is that they first head for Phoenix . It 's way at the south end of Arizona , and Monterey is in the middle of California , quite a bit north . So the sensible thing would be for them go along the more northerly route through Flagstaff.Oh , I 'm not going to detail the whole thing . She gets a job as a singer in a cocktail lounge , gets seduced by a really bad guy named Ben -LRB- Harvey Keitel -RRB- , and ends up fleeing for her and her son 's lives . They get no further than Tucson , where the only job she can get is a waitress . That 's where David -LRB- Kris Kristofferson -RRB- finds her , and he 's just so nice compared to the other men she 's had that ... well , Tommy likes him , too.There 's really not much story , when you come right down to it . I 'd call it a Romantic Comedy , but there 's not all that much humor . There 's a waitress she works with who has a really dirty mouth , but it 's seldom all that funny . In fact , one of the most interesting parts is Audrey -LRB- Jodie Foster -RRB- acting so terribly grown up in order to lead Tommy astray . Remember that Foster and Keitel worked together again in `` Taxi Driver . ''
 Despite the glowing reviews of many critics , I did not feel drawn to the characters . Ellen Burstyn -LRB- who sings passably and appears to play piano well , I might add -RRB- was never quite believable as Alice , a woman who begins to experience her true potential after her abusive husband dies and she 's left to support herself and her obnoxious son by pursuing a longstanding dream of being a professional singer . The most real and believable -- and also enjoyable -- character in the entire movie is the waitress Flo , played to perfection by Diane Ladd.The film moves slowly , a pace that is agonizing when her young hyperactive son screeches , whines , and nags at high decibel levels , which he does a lot in the film . One wonders why Alice puts up with this nonsense . In the special feature interview -LRB- which is more enjoyable than the film itself -RRB- , Burstyn shares that just before filming she was in the midst of a divorce and was finding herself , so she related strongly to the character of Alice . Unfortunately , Burstyn 's inner turmoil was not adequately translated into the character of Alice . Burstyn simply seems to be too strong a person to put up with abuse ; therefore , her presumed vulnerability in the character of Alice does not always work.In the special feature , Kris Kristofferson describes how he nervously became a cast member of this film without knowing how to act . It 's apparent that to a large degree in the film , he 's not acting , but is being himself . A notable exception is when , in a formidable and memorable display of passionate anger , he spanks and yells at the misbehaving son . -LRB- We learn in the special features interview that the boy was not acting , he was just being himself . Unless you like snotty , bratty , noisy kids , you might want to fast forward through these tortuous scenes . -RRB- One high point of the film is the underappreciated Valerie Curtin , who plays a fumbling , amusing waitress in a clever and hilarious diner scene that 's probably the best scene in the entire movie . -LRB- Curtin also played Meg Foster 's rejected lover in A Different Story . -RRB- Another high point is an appearance by the adolescent Jodie Foster , an incredible androgynous powerhouse of energy and poise . It was also interesting to see a very young Harvey Keitel , whose charm and scary abuse were quite believable.If you do n't mind a slow pace or whiny kids , and do n't expect too much , you may enjoy this film .
 I should have known . Filmed in 1974 it has nothing to offer . I just watched it on Turner Classic Movies . Everyone is praising this film . How Come ?? It is a dreary account of a widow trying to get to Monterrey Ca to be a singer . Her 12 year old son is a spoiled , obnoxious , foul mouthed brat and she is so naive it is ridiculous . She does absolutely nothing to parent her son , the problem being she is trying to be his friend , not his mother , which would NOT be typical behavior of a woman of her generation . It was disgusting . I will not be buying this one , I do not recommend it to anyone , unless it is to show how NOT to bring up a child .
 If you like to hear dysfunctional people screaming and yelling at each other ; constantly arguing ; and a woman volunteering to be a victim of abuse for herself and her son , you 'll LOVE this movie!The kid is very irritating
 I feel like the boy in the story ` The Emperor 's New Clothes ' daring to shout out that in fact everybody else is praising nothing at all.I finally watched this film because I was off work sick and had nothing better to do , and really ca n't understand why it 's so famous.The son is nothing but a precocious , indulged , whining , annoying brat.The music was dire the first time round , and not something I wanted to re-encounter -LRB- Mott the HOOPLE ? Marc BOLAN ? -RRB- I never cared about what happened to Alice
 `` Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore '' came out in late 1974 and was billed as an anthem for women.Ellen Burstyn plays Alice Hyatt , a recently widowed 30-something mother . The movie starts out by showing her husband -LRB- before he died . -RRB- Donald -LRB- Billy Green Busch -RRB- was an abusive man that did n't pay his wife or son much attention . But Alice thinks that there is n't any cold side of the bed as long as a man is in it ; so she stands by her husband.After her husband 's untimely death I thought that maybe Alice will start to live life and would n't be so hopeless anymore . I was very wrong . Her life went from miserable to even more miserable . Alice just seemed so incredibly harried throughout the entire movie . She packs up her meager belongings and embarks on a new life with her foul-mouthed son , Tommy -LRB- Alfred Lutter III . -RRB- Alice 's only trade is her musical voice.Alice stumbles into a dark little bar and asks the owner to give her an audition . When he tells her that his is n't a singing bar Alice turns on the water works . This was so annoying because if anyone else did this they would have been shown the door , but since she was a blonde in snug dress the owner actually gave her an audition and then a job ! I was n't fond of Alice 's singing -LRB- it was very moody without much of a beat . -RRB- And I could n't help but think that Alice was the type of woman who would flash a little leg to get things going her way , and then scream harassment if she did n't get what she wanted . If that 's women 's lib then I 'm Abraham Lincoln.Soon , Alice finds a little fly buzzing around her , Ben -LRB- a very young-looking Harvey Keitel . -RRB- At first he seemed somewhat charming and sweet , but he turned out to be an abusive -LRB- married -RRB- alcoholic , not unlike Alice 's late-husband . This time Alice ca n't swat away her little pest so she does the only thing she can do ; she flees for Tucson.Alice lands a job as a waitress at Mel & Ruby 's Cafe . She really does n't care for the job , but it 's a start and a way to help support her son . She also does n't care much for her colleague , Flo -LRB- Diane Ladd -RRB- who was just as vulgar as any 18-wheel trucker . But I suspect that Alice may have felt threatned by this other blonde who drew men to her . However Alice does befriend Flo , eventually . Soon Alice meets diner-patron David -LRB- Kris Kristofferson -RRB- , and even sooner she hops right into his sack.Jodi Foster has a small part as a tom-boy -LRB- Audrey/Doris -RRB- that befriends Tommy . Audrey is even more wild and out of control than Tommy.I really did not care for this movie very much . It did n't seem to have much of a point and the ending was incredibly anti-climactic . There were a few funny lines -LRB- with Flo and Mel , played by the legendary , late Vic Tayback . -RRB- But overall , I was not too impressed with this movie because it was rather boring and difficult to watch.I was a HUGE fan of the sitcomAlicewith Linda Lavin and I expected this movie to be a feel-good movie similar to the TV program . No matter what Alice -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- always managed to turn a bad situation into something positive and she was always such a kind-hearted person that really cared for people . I remember in one of the earliest eps of `` Alice '' she said
 Not as good as the first season . The NASCAR themed episode made me want to shoot myself in the eye . And it 's streaming on Netflix now .
 The whiny , self-righteous girlfriend is ok in small doses , but the ridiculousness of having Jim 's boss tell him to stay away from her and then turning right around and hiring her as a ` forensic nurse ' - really ? I am midway through the second season and if the writers do n't cut back on her intrusions and preachiness , I am done watching after this series .
 Season 1 was great and I could n't wait for season 2 . I 'm about 3/4 through season 2 now and found it to be slanted and preachy . In particular , Ep 9
 The first season was promising . New talent , solid scripts , good back story . The second season lost it all . paced too fast , back story creeps , character development ceased , plots formulaic .
 I was n't impressed with this dvd at all . My daughter is an Elmo freak , but even she barely paid any attention to it .
 I 'm always looking for movies/films that are not necessarily of any particular genre but maybe off the radar a bit , that are very enjoyable . I rely heavily on the users ' reviews on Amazon and have had good luck doing so for years . I was extremely let down this time . This movie has been compared to Napoleon Dynamite and it 's been said that it 's even funnier . Well Napoleon was funny for what it was . This -LRB- almost a roundabout -RRB- follow-up pales in comparison even to that . Now do n't get me wrong , I can find humor in most anything including what I predetermined would be a very miserable movie , Step Brothers . I hate Will Farrel and that ugly John C Scott Reily turd . But it has many many laughs . I sat through about 40 minutes of this Sasquatch movie without so much as a chuckle . Every line in the script ends with someone calling someone else a name like crap-head . It 's like they took a couple of things that worked for Napoleon and duplicated them in this much worse movie ... and it does n't work . I never watched the entire film , well , because for a comedy to not provide a single moment of humor after 40 minutes , it 's just not worth watching till the end . Do n't waste your time or money ! This movie SUCKS !
 I watched this with my wife and teenage son , all three of us thought it was very boring and lacking humor completely . Well , I did chuckle once . Possibly the worst movie I 've ever watched . DUMB & BORING !
 this movie disgusted me . shirts is a carbon copy of kip , he even talks like him . gavin is just like napoleon , akwardly social kid who likes pegasus 's . take your tard movie and stick it where the sun doesnt shine !
 Jeremy Sumpter stars as Gavin , the leader of a group of awkward teens who are into fantasy movies and sword play . They have two groups of adversaries - the 20-something neighbors next door -LRB- Justin Long and Joey Kern -RRB- and some teens from school . One day while exploring a local park , Gavin and his friends find huge footprints , which they assume belong to Sasquatch -LRB- Big Foot -RRB- . What follows involves a lot of slapstick and sophomoric attempts at humor.I have to admit that I watched `` The Sasquatch Gang '' because it looked like it would be bad , in a silly way . However , I was shocked at just how inept this movie is . The plot seems best suited for a children 's film ; however , the PG-13 rating and crude tone are totally inappropriate for children . I was really confused by the movie until I read that the director -LRB- Tim Skousen -RRB- was the first assistant director on `` Napolean Dynamite . '' Suddenly , I understood why nothing fit together ; they stole the humor from `` Napolean Dynamite '' and the plot from `` The Goonies . '' What a mess ! The plot is too juvenile for teens and adults , and the tone is too adult for children . `` The Sasquatch Gang '' is one of the more pointless movies I 've watched in years . I have no idea what the target audience is or who will enjoy this movie .
 This movie has very little going for it over all . Despite an attempt at some swish production techniques , `` Sasquatch Gang '' -LRB- released outside the USA as `` Sasquatch Dumpling Gang '' -RRB- mostly just bumbles along from one crude slap-stick scene to another , with some truly cringe-making and juvenile dialogue making the whole production ultimately more embarrassing than funny . The movie 's one clever feature , which aims to provide some structure and story-line interlinking , fails to work too , largely owing to the fact that the film has no real story-lines to connect ! There are a couple of amusing moments , but I for one certainly did n't find it worth sitting through the other 80 tedious minutes to find them .
 William Hargood -LRB- Geoffry Keen -RRB- , Samuel Paxton -LRB- Peter Sallis -RRB- & Jonathan Seder -LRB- John Carson -RRB- are three men , well respected in the community who make a pact to sell their souls to the devil . In order to do this they must use the following in their ritual
 What was the point in Dracula even being in the picture ? The story seemed to be leading more toward three bored men and their family problems . There didnt seem to be much to do as far as the count was concerned . Granted , Christopher Lee has never been my favorite , but even he has done better with the `` Scars of Dracula '' and `` The horror of Dracula '' Two stars at best .
 I 'd rather watch AD1972 before I watched this one again . The storyline was cool , but certain things were just too cheesy . For one , look at Christopher Lee 's hair in this one . It does n't have that neat , slicked back look anymore . It bulges on the sides . Secondly , everytime he has one of the three men murdered that killed his servant , he counts it off . Like when the first one dies , he says , `` the first . '' I began to suspect that he would say `` the second '' when next one died , and unfortunately , I was correct . And what 's this at the end when he resorts to throwing things at the people who are trying to get rid oh him ? This was the biggest disappointment of the movie . Dracula is superhuman , and you see that in Prince of Darkness when he breaks a sword in half with his bare hands . Yet , he is now reduced to chunking whatever he can pick up to defend himself . I may watch this one again , but that is only because I admire Christopher Lee .
 This movie was stupid.Taste the Blood of Dracula , yeah right.Trust me rent this title first then make your choice to by it or not!Waste of money , time , and space .
 This one lacks the bone chilling horror of its predecessor -LRB- Dracula Has Risen From the Grave -RRB- and uses a very `` audience insulting '' way of bringing back Dracula from the dead . Dracula , impaled on a cross at the end of the last film has turned to red dust . He is brought back by a guy who puts the dust in a goblet and mixes in some of his own blood to make the ultimate `` bloody mary , '' which he drinks and then he himself turns into Dracula . I remember being scared out of my wits by the earlier movie and being bored by this one . I definately recommend getting that one instead .
 Christoffer lee must have been broke because he accepted a part in this complete crap movie ! No wonder hamer films went out of business if this was the type of junk they where making I do n't blame them producing any more junk like this !
 Problem one
 I did not like the beginning scenes during which Jodi Foster attitude and behavior was extremely Arrogant and Demanding and Domineering . It was so intense that I had to skip the part . I feel that she did not represent the characteristics of an English woman or educator during that time period .
 I 'm sure this is a great movie , but I rented it from Amazon 's Unbox service . I do n't speak a word of Siamese , and the Unbox version does not include any subtitles . I was unable to understand anything that did not involve someone talking to Anna - for instance , the situation with the traitor and whatever happened with the concubine . All I can say is that I am CERTAIN that I missed most of the movie because of this . I have requested a refund from Amazon and do not recommend that anyone rent this from Amazon Unbox . I do n't know if their purchased videos include the proper subtitles , but the response I got from customer service was that Unbox does not support subtitles , so it 's probably missing them too . What a disappointment !
 I bought this DVD some years ago , because I like Jodi Foster and I loved The King and I . It was a mistake . Jodi showed no spirit in this film and she acted as though she wished it were over as soon as it started . Either she was directed badly or she was just not right for the film.Not much else to say . After seeing The King and I with it 's beautiful music and great acting , all I can say is that I fell asleep watching this one .
 This movie was a disappointment . The King and I is one of my favorite movies , so I really looked forward to seeing Anna and the King . Although I like Jodie Foster as an actress and have enjoyed many of her movies , this one fell flat . No chemistry between her and the King . Zero chemistry .
 This is the fifth incarnation of this story -LRB- three have been produced within the last few years - the first two being truly dreadful animated films -RRB- and for the life of me I ca n't understand why film makers think this story so fascinating they have to cram endless versions into our gullets . Of the three live action versions this is the least satisfying . There is no tension between our protagonists - they get along famously from the start . We are subjected to two and a half hours of boredom amid lush photography and deservedly Academy Award nominated Art Direction and Costume Design . This is one where you go out humming the sets . Stick with the original Dunne/Harrison version of the classic R&H version with Kerr/Brynner .
 This film was a real let down . Jodie Foster was wasted in a familiar tale that was n't told the way we remember it . Deborah Kerr and Yul Brynner keep their titles of Anna and the King .
 Very grand , very beautiful . Historically inaccurate . Thai-language skills are horrible . Chow Yun Fat does n't even look Thai .
 Wow ... this dvd buries the EPIC genre further with Chow Yun Fat 's horrible attempt at charm and Foster 's endless delivery of lines through pursed lips ... good costumes though ... I recommend a rental below is what I think about the origins of this film.Leonowens will never realize how she has condemned an entire nation with her lies . True , Thais do revere their kings and do not see them as being human . However , in the case of King Mongkut you have a truly remarkable man , do your homework before making judgements , and keep in mind that Leonowens was exposed to common Thai people most of the time but instead chose to write about the royalty to make $ $ $ . I am truly saddened that King Mongkut a highly tolerant and far sighted ruler must stand in the shadow of lies . I challenge you to research western sources regarding this man . I agree that Thailand should not ban these films or books because they reveal how the West -LRB- whom they have always admired -RRB- regards them in the 19th century and even today . The fact that no modern scholar has come forth to introduce King Mongkut to the world has burdened Thais to rightfully defend themselves and in doing so make Leonowen 's account seem hilariously `` unbiased '' .
 I did n't even watch the whole movie because it hurt to watch Jodie punched a blow of disrespect to someone of higher status -LRB- the royal family -RRB- . If you have any respect for your elders , your grandparents , and especially royalty , please do n't watch this film.This film makes it look as though Anna is of higher status than the king . It is not all that surprising since this movie was adopted from a book written in the age of Britain imperialism so the content of this book highly favoured the British . The writer of the book probably thought that she was indeed better than Thailand as did many european countries who attempted to set up colonies over the world.Recommended for those who can see past through the movie 's faults .
 What can one say about this pretty but slushy , mushy film . Hmmm . . it 's boring , Jodie Foster was miscast , people reacted to this film when it was released in the theatres just like Superman reacts to Kryptonite.I watched this film with an open mind ; I realised that it was not the usaual action-packed Chow Yun Fat flick but this was beyond painful . .
 I started out reading the book , Anna and The King of Siam y Margaret Landom . It was a decent book , I fell asleep reading it on occasions . I read it for a school project , not byu choice . I am a freshman at High School in New Jersey . I am in an English 1 Honors Course - so basically I am doing projects that are long , annoying , and overall things I do n't want to do . Anyway , anfter reading the book I had to watch the movie based on the book.MY MOVIE REVIEW : This movie was completely inaccurate . It is based on the musical , The King and I , which is based on the book I read -LRB- Anna and the King of Siam by Margaret Landon -RRB- . My book was based on the two memoirs Anna Leonowens , herself , wrote . Much of what Anna wrote in her memoirs was false . `` Her memoirs were so full of mistakes that no one who reads them now and knows something of Thais in hose days can take them seriously '' I read that quote in a book I was using to research her . Basically , her memoirs were so false that people who knew of Thais could n't take the novels seriously . So even though the movie is good , it 's accuracy is completely horrible . The movie makers , from what I have researched , have claimed it to be a real story . But in reality , it 's not . It 's all fiction!Movie makers lied . The movie is not true , and honestly , I am glad it is n't . In reality King Mongkut was in his 60s when Anna came . Now , think about Anna falling for a 60 year old ? And she was in her late 20s early 30s , if I remember right . I could further this noting all the real facts , but if you want real facts about Anna Leonowens , you can check out this website : www.thaistudents.com/kingandi/owens.htmlIt is one of the sources I will be using on my report.In conclusion , movie was good , but completely false.I spent what , 2 hours watching this inaccurate movie?I WANT MY 2 HOURS BACK ! Come on , I have better things to do than waste my time watching a non-fiction movie that 's not even true . Thank you very much for wasting 2 hours of my life . I could have better spent my time increasing the number of obeast people in this world by eating a bag of potato chips and other unhealthy foods .
 If you are a fan of the original movie with Yul Brenner and Debra Kerr I think this remake will be a let down . Do n't waste your time .
 The surplus of pomp in `` Anna and the King '' can not hide its scarcity of passion . The fourth account of forbidden love between a widowed English governess and Asian royalty boasts impressive authenticity , but `` Ever After '' director Andy Tennant and co-scripters Steve Meerson and Peter Krikes neglect the heart of the story . When the climactic showdown between the hero and villain tops the best scene between the heroine and the hero , the filmmakers should have known they had emphasized the wrong elements . Credibly cast as they are , Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat come up short on chemistry because their roles allow them little intimacy . Ostensibly , `` Anna and the King '' emerges as an above-average historical costumer undercut by its dearth of romance . `` Anna and the King '' takes place in Siam during the 1860s . Anna arrives by ship in Bangkok with her son , Louis -LRB- Tom Felton -RRB- and two Indian servants to tutor the King 's son in the ` scientific ' ways of the West . Anna Leonowens -LRB- Jodie Foster of `` Contact '' -RRB- finds herself immediately at odds with the monarch and the savage customs of Siam . She demands that he honors his word and allows her to live outside the walls of his palace , but he insists that she live within them . Eventually , in a contest of wills and wits , they grow to tolerate each other and he bestows on her an elegant house in the country . Later , instead of tutoring only his son , King Mongkut -LRB- Chow Yun-Fat of `` The Killer '' -RRB- orders her to teach all 58 of his children ! The relationship between King Mongkut and the British schoolmarm Anna Leonowens lacks theatrics . Tennant and his scenarists must take the blame for the shortage of emotional sparks . The leads are left alone together only twice in this two-hour plus epic . First , they quarrel over a tragic court verdict about two illicit lovers not entirely unlike themselves . Second , they hover on the threshold of intimacy during a night encounter on the beach , but propriety compels them to withdraw to their respective corners . Of course , miscegenation and politics create an impasse between them , but these characters seem doomed from the start in spite of their mutual admiration.Tennant excels at showing what keeps the King and Anna apart from each other . She worships the memory of her dead war hero husband , while he reigns over a volatile frontier kingdom troubled from within and without , sharing his passion and energy with his 23 wives and 42 concubines . Anna never exasperates the King as she did in the first two versions . Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat quarrel , but they never tear each other 's clothes off for hot , sweaty sex.Finally , in the name of political correctness , an Asian actor portrays an Asian ruler . Chow Yun-Fat refuses to imitate his prestigious predecessors in his interpretation of the King . He wears the part well and delivers a performance that may be too subtle for his own good . Moreover , he shuns Yul Brynner 's bombastic strut in director Walter Lang 's 1956 musical and seems too restrained . Nevertheless , Yun-Fat 's King is a sagacious sire . Although he is the absolute monarch , he knows that he can only bend traditions , not break them.The straight-forward , Steve Meerson and Peter Krikes screenplay resembles an anthology of Hollywood classics , among them
 This is a re-working of the Hollywood film the King and I without musical numbers . The King and I is banned in Thailand and is bitterly hated . The reason is that the portrayal by Yul Brunner of the king showed him to be an excitable twit . In reality the king in question was a former Monk who was asked to take over the royal throne in difficult circumstances . Rather than being a twit the King was a man of deep learning . This was illustrated by the fact that he originated the Thai alphabet . The memoirs on which the King and I are based are probably fictitious and have little relation to the truth . They were taken somewhat literally at the time of their publication because of the prejudice in Britain against foreign non Caucasian cultures . No one checked to see there accuracy and it would seem that Anna had only a passing commitment to the truth.This film version has tried to be fairer to Thailand and has made the King a more attractive and dignified figure . Jodie Foster is a great actress and she is impressive in the role . Although the script was made fairer to the Thai characters permission was refused for filming on location . The filming has been done on recreations of the Royal Palace and are impressive.The main problem with the film is the rather artificial ending where the Foster character is able to save Thailand from invasion by quick thinking and the use of modern technology . The end looks contrived and is unconvincing.Despite that it is a pleasant if unsubstantial film . The enjoyment of it probably increases if one does n't know about Thai history as the contrast with the reality can jar .
 Based on the true story of Anna Leonowens , a British schoolteacher who traveled from her home in India to Siam in 1862 -LRB- nearly two years after the death of her husband -RRB- to instruct King Mongkut 's children , `` Anna and the King , '' directed by Andy Tennant , is a lavish production that is visually striking but somewhat tedious in execution . The story is interesting , and the cinematography is stunning , but it simply becomes too much of not enough ; Tennant 's method of storytelling is pretty straightforward , and there is artistic merit to this endeavor , but ultimately -- despite the colorful canvass -- the result is less than satisfying . The redeeming factor of the film is the performance of the charismatic Chow Yun-Fat -LRB- King Mongkut -RRB- , the star of many of John Woo 's action films , who is afforded the opportunity here to demonstrate his versatility as a dramatic actor . He successfully lends a depth and intelligence to his portrayal of Mongkut that is reinforced with a genuine regal countenance devoid of any pretentiousness . Yun-Fat 's King is a complex and secure individual who -- most importantly -- conveys a true sense of reality ; he is , without question , the King of Siam . Jodie Foster -LRB- Anna -RRB- on the other hand , though arguably one of the most talented , gifted actresses in the business , is woefully miscast as Anna . Her British accent is credible , but becomes the focal point of her performance , which seems forced at best . Granted , she succeeds in capturing the stoic quality of the character , but fails to attain that necessary emotional level that would have allowed the audience to identify with her . There just does n't seem to be anything about this `` Anna '' that would attract the King , either intellectually or emotionally , which , of course , mitigates the plot to a great extent . While taking nothing away from Foster 's myriad positive qualities , it makes you appreciate the facility with which Meryl Streep is able to so seamlessly embody the various characters she has created in her career . Hindsight may be the forte of the unenlightened , still , in retrospect , Tennant -LRB- `` Ever After , '' `` Fools Rush In '' -RRB- may not have been the wisest choice to direct a film more suited to the talents of Ang Lee or Jane Campion , or to one with the sensibilities of a Bergman or Kurosawa . Though he managed to create a pretty picture , he was unable to elicit the emotional depth required to sustain the audience 's involvement with the story . All of which goes to prove that one who whittles beautifully can not necessarily handle a lathe . The supporting cast includes Ling Bai -LRB- Tuptim -RRB- , Tom Felton -LRB- Louis -RRB- , Syed Alwi -LRB- The Kralahome -RRB- , Randall Duk Kim -LRB- General Alak -RRB- , Lim Kay Siu -LRB- Prince Chowfa -RRB- and Melissa Campbell -LRB- Princess Fa-Ying -RRB- . In the final analysis , `` Anna and the King , '' while having the requisite elements for greatness , nevertheless lacks the emotional substance with which to achieve it . A by far superior version is the 1946 production `` Anna and the King of Siam , '' with Irene Dunne and Rex Harrison , which makes one wonder why anyone thought this should be remade in the first place .
 Jody Foster was just so terribly miscast in this . Apparently she thought acting this role was pursing up her mouth all the time . Instead of sticking to the story they threw in battles which , of course , Ms Foster helps to win . The whole thing was ridiculous . She never unbends from her starchiness at all and it gets very tiring and boring . I guess they thought a handsome king and gorgeous dresses would satisfy everybody . I read the book many years ago , have seen the original 40s movie many times and , of course , The King and I many times . This version is pathetic .
 After seeing Jodie Foster 's dull , unsympathetic , and mostly emotionless performance in '' The Accused '' -LRB- which paled even worse in comparison with the acting of the intense assailants -RRB- , I thought she was a terrible actress . But this film changed my mind . Foster plays Anna , an English woman who 's husband dies in battle . She goes with her young son Louis to Siam to teach the King 's children . The King , played by Chow Yung-Fat is a seemingly cold , formal man . When he meets Anna , he slowly changes . The only problem I have with this is that he never truly seemed that cruel in the first place . He does seem extremely intimidate by Anna though.With good reason . Anna is a veyr strong , sometimes touching woman - very formal , but fiercly loyal and protective of her son and the people she cares about . An intelligent woman , resourceful and bold
 I would like to download to buy this movie but Amazon does n't have a version for the Mac - in the 21st century yet . Now I notice that the PC download version is full screen , not widescreen . If they put out a Mac version that is only full screen , I wo n't buy that either . Amazon , what are you doing ? What are you doing ? There are a number of other video on demand westerns I would like to buy as well.Derek
 When you look at the cast for this movie and read the box cover , you expect a light , humorous look at dating in Queens . What a terrible disappointment ! The movie has a dark theme , and most of the characters have a cartoonish quality about them . The action borders on campy , but it takes itself too seriously for that . As you watch it , you spend the first 30 minutes or so waiting for it to start getting good . After 45 minutes , you realize that it is never going to get good , and that you are trapped watching a horrible film . The first half of the movie has heavy narration by one of the main characters , but his voice , and the character , are so annoying you just wish he would shut up ! When he finally does shut up , the movie does n't improve , but at least the narrator is n't grating on you any longer.The quality of this film -LRB- production values , writing , music , etc. . . -RRB- are so far beneath the members of the cast , you have to wonder what type of favors were called in to get these actors to appear ? When it 's all said and done , the movie feels like the final project of a film school graduate student who convinced some family friends to help him out -LRB- maybe as a tax write-off ? -RRB- . A real disappointment .
 The dialogue is awkward at best . While attempting to make up for the lack of chemistry between the main characters , it serves to solidify your disbelief in their `` love '' . Not worth the rental fee .
 To all the men who have daughters ... . KEEP THEM AWAY FROM THIS SICK SHOW . Everything about it is wrong . I could only watch 10 minutes of this show and i had to shut it off . i thought the L word was short for The Loser Word . lol
 OMG what have they done to this once funny , entertaining , sexy show . It has descended into a miserable risible badly written joke . The storylines are horrid , unconvincing , absurd , and cringe-making . Let me list some of these :1 . Max . I do n't think I need to say any more about this bizarre addition to the show . Got just about everything wrong . Deeply embarrassing .2 . Dana . Why did she have to get ill and die ? She was one of the most lovable characters , goofy and yet sort of inspiring . A horrid horrid storyline . If I want health care messages I will go and watch documentaries . Profoundly depressing and upset the entire balance and mood of the show . How am I supposed to enjoy a sex scene one moment , and then a scene of mutilation ? To me it seemed utterly baffling and willful of the writers to do this to this character and this show . For this reason alone I hated the entire season . But there was more .3 . Helena . Sorry , who was this person ? Was she the same person in season 2 referred to as `` the scourge of the universe '' ? And as for that cringe-making risible sexual harassment set up scene ? One of the worse TV scenes I have ever had to watch .4 . Alice . A obsessed deranged stalker ? Thanks . Another of my favorite characters twisted into some un-characteristic pathetic storyline .5 . Bette . Take one strong dynamic character and stamp on her repeatedly with an utterly implausible and unbelievable plot development . Shove in an hysterically dopey spiritual retreat , and ask her to weep repeatedly . I felt sympathy for the actress who was in obvious discomfort .6 . Tina . Sorry ? All she needs is a bit of manhood ? Am I watching a show about lesbians , written by lesbians , validating lesbian life ? I must have missed something .7 . Kit and manny . Just get him off please . It is so wrong it is not even funny .8 . Shame and Carmen . Do you really think Shane would betray the gorgeous Carmen for that weird dopey Sherrie ? So unbelievable that I joked back the guffaws whilst flinching.I could go on . Maybe I should . The show did . I am only half way through and have decided to abandon it . I ca n't take the stupidity , the sheer implausibility , the utter misery , the cringe-making plotlines and character development any more . I do n't ask for much about a show dedicated for once in television history , to lesbian life
 As The L-Word has gone from season to season , its quality has dropped . The first season was an excellent five-star affair . Season 2 was decent and deserved three-stars . And Season 3 , an abysmal two stars . I would give it one star , but I might need that one for Season 4 . I 'm sorry . Actually I 'm not the one who should be apologizing
 Menu does not work and 3 episodes wo n't play . Not a damaged disc , seems the menu was n't properly mapped and we were sold malfunctioning discs .
 There were alot of scenes missing from the DVD 's that we received from the L Word complete season 1,2 & 3 , that we ordered and paid for . We watched the episodes on Showtime , and viewed scenes that were not on our dvds . And felt totally screwed . We watched the episodes again in re-run , on Showtime , and it was like , why are these scenes not on the DVD 's I paid $ % $ $ $ $ for ?
 Was I watching the same show as everyone who wrote reviews on here ? I just finished the 3rd season having loved the first two . I was so disapointed in this season I 'm really not sure I can even give the show another chance with season 4 . The show completely runied all of the characters . They introduced new people who were either completely shrill and unbearable -LRB- Moira/Max , Billie -RRB- or bland and pointless -LRB- Angus -RRB- . And then there 's Jenny . The writers continued in their quest to create the most unlikeable , cringe-worthy , annoying character in the history of television . This is nothing against Mia Kirshner who is lovely and does well with what she 's given but after 3 seasons the writers still ca n't seem to figure out what to make of the character . It might make more sense if she was treated as some sort of pariah by those around her but all of the other characters seem to love her so ... what are they seeing that I 'm not ? Her actions make no sense , her relationships make no sense even for a crazy person . As for the sex , someone actually thought they reeled the sex in this season ? I never minded it in the past but sweet Lord !!! By the end of the season I felt like I was watching Cinemax After Dark ! It was insanse ! Grown adults do not start pulling off their clothes and fondling each other when mother is right outside the door !!!!! Especially when mom said she would be right back !!!!!!! By the end of things , you are left without a single character to like , a single believable storyline or any reason to want to spend time with these selfish , immature , unstable women ever again .
 Where to start . I 'll start by saying I have rarely been more disappointed in a series as I am with the 3rd season of The L Word . I really enjoyed the 1st and 2nd seasons , and how miserably off course this series has strayed is hard to fathom , because the first couple seasons do not remotely resemble the train wreck that is the 3rd season of this series.Was there a writers ' strike during this season , because the writing , casting , and character development were absolutely horrid . Amateurish , at best . Why , oh why , the writers did what they did during this season is something for which I just do n't think there is a logical answer . For example , the Billie Blaikie character is beyond annoying . Not only is this character totally irritating , but he 's useless in terms of the story line . A complete and utter bore , and why the writers would decide to infuse this Jar Jar Binks-like personality into The L Word world is beyond me.Moira / Max . Need I say anything more ? Pairing this character with Jenny made no sense . Absolutely no sense . Jenny is devoloping her identity with her newly found orientation , and what do the writers decide to do ? Pair Jenny with a woman who wants to become a man . Can they butcher what could otherwise be a potentially great character -LRB- Jenny -RRB- any further ? Just how idiotically confusing do they want to make this character , anyway . I 'm sorry , Moira/Max did n't fit in this show and I found her/his character a needless distraction , particularly considering the obvious lack of chemistry with Jenny.Let 's not forget about Angus . Could the writers have found a more dull character this side of the Milky Way ? Ohhhhhh no , not just dull . Goofy , too . If they would have limited his role to babysitting Bette and Tina 's baby , I would not be so upset . But come on , having him romantically involved with Kit made me cringe and gave me the willies every time they were together . Just another example of horrid writing and misplaced character dependencies.Spoiler ahead , folks . The absolute strategic blunder of the entire series and evidence which is proof positive that the writers were out to lunch for this entire season -- killing off Dana . Why did they do this ? Dana was such a sweet , innocent character who many could empathize with , because her family was so conservative and she had struggled so much with coming out . I 'm really quite bitter with this writing decision , and the decision to take this valuable character off the series simply tells me the writing is n't what it should have been . A mind numbing lack of vision was involved with this writing decision , because Dana , like all of the core characters , offers the series versatility and great character depth . A huge and completely unnecessary loss for this series.I 'm not happy with the direction of this series . The writing stinks . Too many characters make no sense . Character development is the pits . Strategic decisions to get rid of important characters is being carried out without much thought , it seems . I 'll see what they have to offer for the 4th season , and if the writers of this series want a legacy for this show , let 's hope they apply more logic to subsequent seasons ...
 I think the L-Word is dying a slow and painful death . Season 3 gives us the death of the one character that has truly developed and grown since the series inception -LRB- Dana -RRB- . Also we have Kit , the character who in my opinion has been a pointless character from day one , getting pregnant as soon as she hits menopause . The fact that Pam Grier -LRB- Kit -RRB- is old enough to be the grandmother of most of the cast seems to have been overlooked in this particular piece of the storyline . Kit dying of breast cancer would have made for a far more believable plot , even the folks putting the series together admit in an interview on the DVD that it would be unusual for somebody the age of the character Dana dying from breast cancer is unlikely . I appreciate the fact that cancer doesnt discriminate and kills anyone , the way those responsible for the series chose to highlight such an important subject , has for me detracted from the quality of the show.Season 1 was great , season 2 was not quite up to the same standard but the way season 3 developed has taken the show down to the level of an evening version of a day-time soap . The kidnapping has already in the season finale , it 's just going to be a matter of time before the murder 's start coming .
 I am hooked on this show ! The first season was the best , the second season was pretty good -LRB- despite the Mark character -RRB- but WTF happened in the third season ? All the characters I love have a personality overhaul -LRB- Bette is a wimp , Tina is a bitch , Alice is a stalker , etc. -RRB- They kill the goofy and funny Dana . Why ? What were they thinking ? The only new character I like is Dylan -LRB- so glad she screwed Helena . -RRB- The Moira/Max character is just weird and abusive -LRB- perfect match to Jenny btw . -RRB- I do n't mind she is not as pretty as the other lipstick lesbians on the show , but her character just is n't likable . Here 's to hoping a better 4th season and more to come !
 I saw this movie for free , and thank heavens for that . A friend loaned it to me `` just in case '' I 'd like it . And I ca n't say I blame him for thinking that ... from the picture on the cover , it really does look like `` my kind of '' movie . No photograph , but instead a rather crude painting of a giant snake next to a smaller image of a number of people running from a number of more regular-sized snakes . This rather timeless image , together with the lack of any release date on the case , led me to believe it possible that this might be a 1960s-70s Hammer-esque monster movie , about a bunch of people under seige by an ever-advancing wall of serpentine evil , with maybe a climax involving a giant , monster-sized daddy snake . Unfortunately , this movie , from 2002 , is nothing like what I thought it might be -LRB- that 's what happens when you 're optimistic about anything ... lesson here ? Never assume the best -RRB- . I was never expecting a masterpiece , but I was expecting to have fun ... I was right about the first expectation but wrong about the second . `` Snake Island '' stars William Katt , of `` Greatest American Hero '' fame -LRB- feel free to make your own ` Believe it or Not ' joke -RRB- , some black British girl , a generic couple of newlyweds , and a guy who at times looks like Robert DeNiro and a woman who at times looks like Terry Farrell . Oh , and a guy who seems to be a hybrid of John Rhys-Davies and Peter Jackson -LRB- I could never seem to decide which of the two of them he reminded me the most of -RRB- . Our cast becomes stranded on an island conveniently crawling with snakes -LRB- good for us , as I was rooting for the snakes anyway -RRB- , and nearly the first hour of this film an infurating sequence of the snakes not being noticed/almost attacking someone/someone thinking their being attacked by a snake when it 's really just an innocent misunderstanding or someone playing a joke on them . Just like the boy who cried wolf , though this time the movie is playing it with us . And believe me , it gets OLD . I would n't have minded one or two before things started to get ugly and the snakes began their all-out assult , but to have to put up with nearly an hour of this , is really just frustrating . Any interest you might have had for what was happening will really be killed while you wait for the first body to drop -LRB- this is of course not counting the death scene during the pre-credits sequence , where the man we see running in terror could be looking for an airline sickness bag for all we know ... there 's not a snake to be seen -RRB- . At least the credits music was kind of pleasant , if inappropriately upbeat.I do have something good to say about this movie once we 're about an hour and ten minutes into it or so ... After all that waiting -LRB- and believe me , it feels like forever -RRB- , we FINALLY find ourselves in the movie I was expecting this to be from the very beginning . Sadly , the moment does n't last . If 1.3 were a possible rating here at Amazon , that 's what I 'd give this.Some of the more odd things about this movie should be mentioned , I suppose . But their not odd in an interesting way , their odd in a `` What the heck did they think they were doing '' kind of way ... did n't they stop to think that people would actually be watching this ? Two things , I have in mind , specifically
 This movie was really silly . I really liked William Katt in the movie `` Carrie '' and in the old `` Perry Mason '' tv movies , and when I saw this DVD I hoped it would be scary and featured Katt . It was really dumb . The plot involves a writer -LRB- William Katt -RRB- who goes to Snake Island to research for a book . We do n't know what kind of book it is and neither does he . There are several tourists also there and they become accidentally stranded on the island . Seems that the previous owners of the island all died off one by one mysteriously though rumour has it snakes were involved . It takes forever for the movie to build to any kind of action involving the snakes and there is unnecessary nudity thrown in maybe to make the movie more exciting . The ending is pretty good and some of the snake scenes are scary , just wish Mr. Katt could find himself a decent role .
 I like creature features generally but this one was so lame that i stopped watching 3/4 of the way thru.A few tourists/travellers are stranded on an island full of little poisonous snakes . The people talk a lot and they show lots of snakes crawling around . They have a big party , get drunk and fool around even though the resort workers are all dead from snakebites.Eventually the snakes get bored and start killing the people.I do n't blame them.I assume there was no director at all for this stinkerAvoid at all costs .
 OK , who 's sick idea was this ? I want answers !
 Since the beginning of the movie I knew something was up . Constant jabs at shock and surprises for things that did n't really amount to much . Then there were the constant camera angles signifying the creeping coming of another snake . Ugh . Then here we have a league of people who all know the inhabitants of the island is crawling with snakes , almost at every corner , and they feel the need to party or get comfortable . Omg . Then we have a inside the cabin duel with numerous snakes , and the man suggests they sleep until dawn after the battle is won . Who could possibly sleep after that ? But the woman does , on the couch , and lunges up when she has a terrifying encounter , to which the man who comes to her aid asks , `` What 's the matter ? ' As if he could possibly be clueless.I often defend the worst branded movies for certain situations that might be redeeming , but this one is the one to condemn . Condemn the world or the island of the snakes . Almost sounds biblical , but this movie sinks to new lows like never before .
 This was absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen in my life . Talk about sick humor ... shows what our society is coming to these days .
 William Katt would be better served doing infomercials than this garbage .
 Garage Days -LRB- Alex Proyas , 2002 -RRB- There is something deeply , desperately wrong with a movie 's marketing when the very tag line seen on posters around the world gives away the film 's major plot twist . That does n't stop this from being an amusing little film , however . It involves an Australian garage rock band fronted by Freddy -LRB- Spartan 's Kick Gurry -RRB- who are trying to find a place to play . Freddy 's girlfriend Tanya -LRB- Queen of the Damned 's Pia Miranda -RRB- plays bass . Guitarist Joe -LRB- Brett Stiller -RRB- is predictably moody , and is in tenuous ground with girlfriend Kate -LRB- XX/XY 's Maya Stange -RRB- . Manager Bruno -LRB- Russell Dykstra , from the BlackJack franchise -RRB- is something of a lovable foulup who seems congenitally incapable of getting the band gigs , but a chance encounter at a bar between Freddy and the manager of Sprimp , Australia 's hottest act , gives the band hope . Meanwhile , with the various relationships on the rocks , Freddy finds himself more and more attracted to Kate ; will internal pressures kill the band off before they can even make it to their first gig?As much as I hate to say it , the weak link in this chain is director Alex Proyas . When Proyas is in his element , I have endless respect for the man ; The Crow and Dark City are well on their way to becoming bona fide classics , and he even managed to make something halfway watchable out of I , Robot . The common thread , of course , is that all of these films are dark , moody pieces punctuated with frenetic action scenes . Garage Days , on the other hand , is a light comedy piece . Not the kind of thing one would expect from a guy who normally does dark fantasy action pictures , and it shows . Imagine if David Fincher tried to do a remake of , say , Sunday in the Park with George . The general raucousness of the film feels forced at times , artificially subdued at others . The upside to it , though , is that the comedy tends to be more understated than one would expect from a movie of this type , which leads to some subtle -LRB- and some disturbing -RRB- gags that might have otherwise come off as silly and/or tasteless.It could have been a better film , to be sure , but it 's not a bad one as it stands . Worth checking out , at least . **
 Munger was painfully boring , made for tv type movie . I am so angry I wasted $ 3.99 and totally confused by all the high ratings ! I 've seen plenty of low budget , pg-13 scary movies that were fairly decent . I am assuming most of the viewers were teens . To be continued ???? Trust me . Skip this one .
 Hmmm ... 7 glowing reviews about the DVD , all posted within 3 days of its release , all by people who 've never posted an Amazon review before . Suspicious ? I think so . Here 's the truth from someone who 's NOT affiliated with the movie
 I have no idea why they gave this movie this title . I think they came up with this title because they did n't know what else to name this garbage . Total trash and I want my money back .
 First time after 30 minutes I fell asleep . I woke up to try to watch more of it but then fell asleep . Later that day I saw up to 1 hour and fell asleep . I wo n't be watching the rest of the movie . I do n't care for it . It 's a boring movie . Do n't waste your time .
 The movie is slow , predictable and worse ... unfinished . There are a lot of movies with sequels , but at least they tie up most of the plot before ending and gearing up for a new chapter . This one simply goes off with nothing explained at all and a `` To Be Continued '' that only makes you swear never to waste money on this title again . I deserve my money back after that bait and switch move !
 This is just an all around bad film . Very confusing plot and an infuriating ending . I can not believe people liked this film .
 This could have been a good movie , in the style of the far better `` Wind Chill '' . There were moments of suspense , and a few pretty creepy images . However , at least 50 % of the film is so dark , you can only guess by sound effects what is happening . There are long periods where the screen is totally black . I actually thought there was something wrong with my tv . I watch movies to actually WATCH them . If I wanted radio theater , I would turn on the radio.The other , and totally unforgivable , problem with this film is the ending . I do n't care if this is a spoiler
 Bland , boring , slow storyline . Slow . Slow.The dialogue brings a lot to be desired . Davison salvages his portion of the movie with a believable delivery and a very genuine portrayal of the character . The teens are painful ... thats all I really need to say . The acting is grueling to deal with at some ... well , most points.With the exception of Bruce Davison , the acting gets a C - . The movie tries to cram so much set up into its hour and a half run time , that -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating -RRB- NOTHING happens for 45 minutes.The actualactual appearance of the movie is good . Professional and high quality.Honestly , seems like this movie was written almost to appeal to St. Charles townies . Its almost a reference a minute to things specific to St Charles -LRB- store names , businesses , hang out spots . `` Pratt woods forest preserve ? the one right off Munger Road ? '' ... ugh -RRB- . I do n't see it having a wide appeal outside of the immediate `` Munger road region '' . I 'd say the movie is a forced attempt at Halloween and Blair Witch . Not a good mix.For a horror fan -LRB- and my taste spans all types of horror -RRB- , Ill say go watch some actual horror movies before trying to write one . Do your homework , study some of the greats . Study their writing , study the visuals.Plus , if you 're gon na make us sit through 45 minutes of almost nothing , dont skimp on the gore . I mean , there was NONE . Its implied , but nonexistent.I 'd say save yourself the 20 bucks on the movie . I 'll bet it 'll end up on the 5 dollar rack at your local department store , in one those 8 movie packs in the dump bins at a Wal Mart -LRB- or similar store -RRB- or if they 're lucky on Redbox . So you 're likely to find it cheaper .
 `` TO BE CONTINUED `` this movie was barely watchable as is ... and then ... what 's this ?!??!?! no ending?TO BE CONTINUED?what the hell ???? so so so so terrible and it 's only part one of two movies ??? gaaaaaaaaaaaaah
 This ` movie ' is a RIP-OFF ! The positive reviews are FAKE -LRB- look and notice that they only have 1 review listed in their profiles -RRB- . I 've never seen a movie do this before . It builds VERY slowly to a supposed ` finale ' and suddenly says ` TO BE CONTINUED ' ! This thing was clearly created to rip people off . It does n't even show all of the shots that are in the trailer ! Do n't give these shameless charlatans your money or we may see a VERY unwelcome trend of ` to be continued ' movies ! It 's an INCREDIBLY SLOW half-movie that these pukes decided to split into 2 movies in order to rip horror fans ! SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT THIS CRAP they are pulling !
 This movie actually ended with ` to be continued ' . Another movie labeled ` horror ' that certainly was n't . It seemed like a made for TV movie . Amazon should let their customers know this .
 Back when I was considering a move to Holland or Belgium and was immersing myself in the Dutch language , I got my hands on this film , hoping for the best . Generally , I have enjoyed Dutch cinema , so this was actually quite disappointing . It is not that this was a terrible film ; the story was actually fairly interesting . A group of busy , very different sisters conspire to sabotage their brother 's upcoming nuptials in order to safeguard a family property -LRB- he will inherit it if he marries -RRB- . Having believed for years that the property was safe -LRB- because the brother was widely perceived to be gay -RRB- the sisters are shocked and band together , despite their very obvious and frequent differences . Overall not a one of the characters here is very likeable , and though I applaud films that take a candid look at real people with real personalities -LRB- likeable or not -RRB- , this one just rubbed me the wrong way . It 's watchable but not great by any means .
 I do n't mind quirky , but I need to feel some sympathy or interest in the characters . Could n't find that here even by the half way point . Boring movie .
 While the blurb sounded good , unfortunately Clone did not live up to its promise.While the acting was ok , there were a couple of flaws in the script and the movie was very slow going in quite a few places.The only bright light in the movie was the ending , which unfortunately made all of the previous 98 % completely useless and a waste of the viewer 's time.Spend your money on a better movie .
 some interesting ideas but really poor production and acting . i could have made this myself and a few friends . a real let down .
 i am a sucker for sci fi and give this genra a lot of room to be second rate and still redemable . However , this is the second time i have been duped into renting this horrible movie . they must have changed the cover art . it is pathetically bad and i never saw more than the first few minutes . i would love a refund . thanks for removing it from your palylist
 This review pertains to the DVD release by `` Mr FAT-W '' from 2012 that claims to be digitally remastered and `` approved by the Boyette Estate '' . As a big fan of this film , which I consider to be a great atmospheric low-budget Gothic horror , I was happy to shell out 15 bucks for a remastered DVD even though it is available on plenty of dollar DVD 's as well as many of those 50 movie box sets which you can get for less than this one disc . However , this release was a major disappointment . Not only does the film look as bad as every other bargain bin release , but this version is missing OVER 15 MINUTES from those versions , clocking in at just under 70 minutes -LRB- the original film 's running time is 85 min -RRB- . Now I can forgive the shoddy quality as I understand that the original film elements were lost in a fire - that 's a risk you take when you store your original film elements in your garage . What I can not forgive is the blatant lies sprawled across the description of this copy as well as the inflated price tag . The least they could have done if the `` film elements '' they were working with were edited , would have been to insert those scenes that were edited out back in from another source , which would have been very easy considering the film is in the public domain . If you really want to release a public domain film and charge 15 bucks for it , you need to offer something , a better picture , some kind of making-of feature , a commentary ... anything ! But there is absolutely nothing on this disc except for a terrible looking edited copy , this company instead just relies on mistruths about the length -LRB- it says 80 min on the box and here on Amazon -RRB- as well as the quality -LRB- imagine a copy of a copy of a copy of a VHS tape recorded off TV and thats about what you have here -RRB- . Save your cash and pick up `` Pure Terror '' which contains not only this film in its full running time , but 49 other craptastic horror movies for around the same price .
 Not sure how Amazon comes up with a person 's recommendations , but it is not a list I made , as I do not like South Park , but there they have it in my recommendations , and yes I have seen a few episodes . Interesting writing sometimes , but I hate that kind of cartoon look . It even annoys me , and it is a little too crude in general for me , or appealing to the stupid too much , or something , maybe exemplified by the very basic style of the cartoon drawings . I do n't care if other people like it , so do n't bother to comment . Just get it off my list , and then you can remove this review .
 After 6 minutes any south park show I download is bugged I bought 3 shows sadly I need a refund due to this bug I think amazon tried to block certain parts but it blocked the rest of the video you can still hear everything .
 Notice the 1 minute run time on this ... I did n't read that , so do n't make the same mistake
 The company that produced this item must have no quality control dept. I purchased this item as a gift and Disk # 2 was missing from this set and I gave it as a gift and I was very embarrassed when the item was opened on Christmas eve . I know of 2 other people that had the same problem !
 Im sorry , but i was really dissapointed in this film . I guess it may have been because it had been hyped up by my freinds . But if youre part of the party scene , this will leave you feeling a bit confused.I think maybe this is the american take on what the party scene is all about , looking cool , using the latest buzzwords , doing some ` cool dance moves ' , wearing baggy pants , did i mention looking cool ? Yeck.The plasticity of this approach really turned me off , because this is not what the dance scene is all about . Its about leaving your ego behind when you go out.The film has some interesting ideas , dont get me wrong . But it looks a little contrived when comapred to ` Human traffic ' -LRB- get the UK version of Human Traffic , the US version hass all drug references removed -RRB- .
 A typical teen/early-twenties movie juxtaposing moments of characters being fun slacker caricatures , and moments where their humanity comes through . It 's not about the rave scene , that 's just the setting . It 's about people , and the people in this slow-paced movie are n't very interesting . Their emotional issues did n't engage my interest or sympathy , and the fun scenes did n't make me wish I was there . Movies that did the same thing better include Dazed And Confused , Suburbia , Spun , The Party Monster , Empire Records , and even Go .
 The formula for a successful film documenting rave culture , in my estimation , is to highlight the music not a big night out for a bunch of poorly acted newb party goersI understand the effort in trying to capture the elements of the underground culture to those not familiar with the seen would be challenging and it was valiant effort but it feel flat on its face . Cheesy ethereal talk while high on ecstasy , lame sub plots litter the storyline , and nauseating lines like `` we do n't stop till the last record spins '' ... come on , who says that . The director really had a chance to touch on some of the spiritual benefits of taking drugs but again choose uninspired topics , at least give us some thought provoking dialog PLEASE if your not going to focus on the music.There are some nice tracks on here , its nice to see Digweed as a cameo , and the visual elements are right on . My advice is to take the 20 $ you were going to spend on this movie and buy the soundtrack or buy a roll , grab some friends , head to the city and experience it first hand for yourself.I have to give it 1 star even thought the music is good . Its that bad .
 So a bunch of guys send out an email about a massive party taking place in an abandoned building in the city , which gets forwarded and forwarded by countless receivers during the opening credits as preparations are made for the event . Terrific amounts of people show up , dance , have a good time ... the extras dancing in such shots probably had a better experience making `` Groove '' than audiences will have watching it.The film tries to break new ground with its focus on the lives of various individuals throughout the rave , giving us a glimpse of the so-called underground of such parties . I 've been to such parties , and have had more fun than I can remember , but in watching `` Groove , '' I felt like I was missing out on the fun and excitement , rather than enjoying it.Beginning with the aforementioned sequence of events , the movie then takes us to the actual party , during which various DJs will play various amounts of music , though most of which quickly grows exhausting as it plays during most of the film 's moments . It also takes a look at various people , like a novelist who spends the night getting to know a girl completely out of his league , a young couple who come across complications in their relationship , countless drug abusers , and a gay couple who spend the whole night trying to locate the party , but doing little else.The film makes the big mistake of giving us absolutely no reason to care for any of these characters . In fact , their existence in the film seems more like an excuse for the various shots of bright-colored hair , strobe light dancers getting their groove on to the endless music , all thanks to some chopping editing from director/writer/editor Greg Harrison , who seems to have little concern for giving any of these people some plausible amount of emotional depth.Harrison seems more adept at creating the rave scene with striking authenticity , and he accomplishes this with attention to small details through the music and through the use of drugs and mind-bending substances . For this , `` Groove '' is admirable , but without any story to back up this solid sense of style , it quickly becomes monotonous , and I lost interest .
 This movie was good but it seems as if the director was not sure what path he wanted to take , did he want to go into the relationships that evolved around the rave or just show what it is like to experience it . The director starts the movie by showing us how the party gets started and then builds it up from the average DJ 's to John Digweed who finishes off the party . But between the beginning and end , we get introduced to all these different characters , but he only skims the surface and we never learn much about them . This movie needed about an added 10 minutes at the beginning to give us some background on the characters , then it would have been much better and not just a rave with people we do n't even know anything about . The soundtrack had a few good songs , 2 of which were played at the end by Digweed . But I do n't think it is worthy of your purchase and neither is the DVD movie . I would reccommend waiting for this to come on Cable or just rent it if you are really interested in this movie.Buy If you saw it and loved it - Rent If you like Digweed and the idea of the movie really interests you - Cable If you want to see a decent movie with some pretty good music - Skip it If you hate trance/techno , and dislike the idea of raves .
 Thiis movie is quite pointless . all it is about is a bunch of people trying to have fun at a rave . There is no real action and no drama . The only good thing about the movie is the music . If there is one reason to see this movie , it is to hear the music .
 what a bad movie . seems like the guys who made this movie had never even been to a rave before . No plot - usually that 's pretty cool , but here it just doesnt do anything . Music isnt all that good , even the way the people danced in the thing just didnt seem like a truly accurate portrayal of the scene ... although ive seen so many people like the newbie guy , whose naivete kinda lightens the burden of suffering through the rest of this languid failed attempt portraying the rave scene as it really is .
 The music is good , but the movie is just boring . Not much story either .
 I did not see anywhere on the description that this was not the correct region DVD . Very disappointed to see that I was not able to play it on my own DVD player .
 I 'll keep this short ... the acting was terrible , the direction was terrible , there was no plot , and no charactor development . The soundtrack , however , was pretty killer ...
 This move is a-an ok view on the rave scene . It does show how us ravers like to live our lives , dress , dance ... But it is mostly showing -LRB- a big part -RRB- that 1 . Most ravers do drugs , this is not true , it is fact that yes some of them do it , but most of us do not . This movie also shows a VERY fake love plot triangle , and some of the `` rooms '' that they have in this movie were not researched very well . So all in all this movie is a BRIEF view of what the rave scene is like , but if you really want to know what one is like you have to go to one . ~ - Nightrush - ~
 My friends and I laughed all the way through this excuse for celluloid . Definately watch this with people posessing a twisted/sarcastic sense of humor .
 I have to admit after looking thtough these reviews of this film , especially since there were so many written by people who supposedly are involved in the scene , I am hugely dissapointed . This movie is not only a joke as a film , but a sorely depressing step backwards in trying to inform many people about a culture that they do n't understand . To start with the film itself , technically this film is almost laughable from beginning to end . As a fellow cinematographer and longtime veteran of the party scene , the visuals were a complete travesty . And the dvd includes a commentary track by him , although I have no idea why . The cinematographer along with Greg Harrison show that they obviously know nothing about how a real underground warehouse party looks , or the vibe and soul that the culture breathes . And despite what another reviewer said ... if you 're loking for a truer visual representation of the scene , then go rent GO ... , which has a much truer sense of the visual style . And This movie went to Sundance ... AHHHHHH !!!! Does n't anyone else see a problem with this movie ? And another thing , I seriously doubt that at a warehouse party with about a hundred people there . . that John Digweed is going to show up ... Yeah keep dreaming candy kids . The plot is completly disinteresting , with carboard cut out characters with inane kidlike dialouge left to describe the scene to people who are unfamiliar with it . This film is just a vehicle for Greg Harrison to showcase his connections within the scene , and Digweed , shame on you for involving yourself with such a shoddy production . Someday a good film will be made about the scene that does justice to it , and I hope that people involved in the scene worldwide will show their objection to being portrayed in a kidlike shoddy film that does n't even get the candy culture right . . come on and how hard is that ... I hope that Greg Harrison is not pursuing this any further because you failed , right off the bat . .
 I have to say after being a great fan of Human Traffic I had hopes that this movie would also be a classic , Unfortuanetly it is just pure drivel , bad acting bad cinematography just plain bad , if you want a good movie about raves see Human Traffic instead
 By reading the title of this review , I know that declaring this low-budget , Sundance Film Festival entry the worst is a bold statement -LRB- after all , Freddie Prinze Jr. did come out with a few movies last year -RRB- , but after going to the city 's local artsy film theatre -LRB- yes , you that read correctly -RRB- to see a film that was supposed to depict kids , like me , who do n't exactly relate with the hundreds of teenage flicks -LRB- `` She 's All That , '' `` Clueless , '' etc. -RRB- that come out each year . Well , walking out of the theatre , numerous violent images came into my head , directed towards the people in the theatre who were telling me how `` tight '' the movie was , the pseudo-ravers who I happen to run into everyday , and the makers of this film.Like watching a train wreck , I viewed `` Groove '' once more afterwards , with the security of a stop-button in my hand -LRB- and the fact that I get free rentals for being an employee of a video store -RRB- . The DVD is n't half-bad . But ... it does nothing to change my already-negative opinion . -LRB- `` Fight Club '' however converted me thanks to the DVD -RRB- . Well , on to the review . The makers of this film act as if they have been to one party before and have watched hundreds of Dateline specials about the film . They try to capture the essence of the rave generation by putting some psycological meaning towards it . They also poorly capture the feeling of being at a rave . I felt like I was watching an electronic special episode of `` Days of Our Lives . '' `` Dawson 's Creek '' would have captured the scene better -LRB- and I hear they have tried -RRB- . Each of the characters are one-dimmensional and say the most absurd dialogue throughout the film -LRB- remember the conversation where Steve Von Wormer talks about ` The Nod ' ? -RRB- . The actors are all under-trained , especially the young woman who catches her fiance kissing another guy . I did n't waste any of my brain to remember her name.For a truly painful experience , enjoyed only by those who either do n't have any knowledge of good filmmaking or who feel that they are going against their generation by disliking the film , see `` Groove . ''
 This has to be one of the most pointless movies ever made , the acting is worse than any film , the characters unbelievable , the filmography dire , and its message unclear , if you want a good rave/dance style film see human traffic .
 I wish there was a - rating system , I would rate this at - 10 stars , the only good thing about this movie is John Digweed -LRB- he shows up at the end of the movie for 2 minutes -RRB- and Bedrocks Heaven Scent.It was such a burden having to watch this whole movie , first of all the acting is horrible and waaaaaaay overdone ; Pretentious is the word . The acting was like watching those kids candy commercials were there 's all these skateboarders and `` extreme '' sports figures doing tricks to advertise the candy product . Then theres all these gay love scenes , of which I found very unnecessary . If this movie shows what the rave scene really is , I feel sorry for ravers , fortunately this is not what raving is all about.This story shows a corporate-underground -LRB- hmmm those two words shouldnt be together , should they ? Well they do in this movie -RRB- rave , you have the party planner sending e-mails to all these yuppys to let them know where the party is , then theres the `` going to the party '' thing , the wharehouse blah blah blah . Trying to look like a real rave , but the last I knew raves werent sponsored by Levis or Starbucks !! Then you have all these horrible actors trying to act like there all high on ecstasy , they just over do it , its like watching your granny trying to act like she 's drunk.Then theirs the dj 's who act like their mixing by grabbing records , putting them on the turntable and cranking up the crossfader , any dj knows its not that simple . I 'm not trying to disrespect the dj 's , I bet John Digweed did a tiny part in this movie because the he probably got ditched by a club owner that didnt pay him for a gig and he needed the money to get back home.Part of the movie is about this `` raver-couple '' who met each other like 2 days ago and are getting married , their `` love '' being completely influenced after using ecstasy -LRB- the love drug -RRB- and the dudes brother who is a complete pretentious nerd . The raver dude all the sudden is kissing another dude who is supposed to be the official rave massage guy !! I mean WTF ?!!! Then his brother -LRB- pret . nerd -RRB- gets a hold on some E , of course he 's never done any kind of narcotics or substance before , and he starts tripping and turns into a complete fool , he meets a chick who is supposed to be a veteran raver and she tries to guide him around his trip , then at the party he invites everyone for breakfest at his house , of course that doesnt happen because he didnt really like the people , he was just E happy.Thank God theres and end to the movie , and at the end you get to see Digweed playing heaven scent , thats the only good part of the movie and it lasts like 2 minutes.Oh I forgto to mention the `` police bust '' . The police arrive at the party and the party organizer talks his way and gets a sngle cop to leave without checking any paper work or permit for the party , then later on the copps arrive and shut the party down in a raid like fashion , but guess what ? No one gets arrested and the sound equipment doesnt get confiscated , the cops just run in the warehouse and run everybody out . Of course the nature of this movie wouldnt just let the people go home and stop filming this atrocity , NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO , the people go back to the warehouse , break the police lock and continue the party from where they left off . Totally unreal.The raver-couple chick see her boyfriend kissing the massage guy and runs to the bathroom to cry , her boyfriend follows her and tells her that he 's not gay , and of course they get back together and go back dancing , then when the partys done the raver-couple dude sees the massage guy and tells him `` I 'm not gay '' and the massage dude replies `` Nah , me neither '' . I hope you got an idea of how bad the movie is by this review , I got a headache writing it .
 does anyone have a problem with the aspect ratio of Wallander `` Mastermind '' ? . Amazon displays it in stretched out 16:9 where it seems it should be 2.39:1
 I just watched the animatrix last night with my little sister . I 'm a total Matrix fan , but these anime cartoons were deeply unsettling . The final flight of the Osiris was tragic , but helpful for understanding Reloaded . The second renisance parts 1 and 2 , were by far the most useful for understanding The Matrix trilogy , and the most unsettling . Program was weird in a non-scary way . Kid 's story was a little strange , but not scary or dumb . World record was BORING maybye I did n't understand it , but all it was slo-mo and useless -LRB- to my point of view -RRB- information . Matrixified was unsettling and a snore to watch . Beyond was cool . It was n't scary , but it was a little strange . About halfway through the anime cartoons , my dad came in and watched a little of them . He said they were boring ... I would just like to remind you that no-one under 15 , easily scared , easily bored , or was uninterested in The Matrix should watch these anime cartoons .
 This is a series of 9 shorts each of which is , unfortunately , too long , too predictible and too boring . Necrotic . Plus , the interface stinks and you have the pleasure of seeing all nine sets of credits at the end of each individual short.This is one star because reviewers ca n't give zero stars!Don ' t buy this . Do n't rent this . Do n't ever bother yourself with this .
 Basically a disposable collection of short-stories somewhat related to the Matrix , this set of animation segments is uninteresting and empty . The animation is good for the most part , but the characters and storylines are far from engaging . This is just as useless and unecessary as the Matrix sequels , offering promising ideas yet failing to develop them properly . Aside from some impressive visuals and music , `` The Animatrix '' is nothing more than another product to seduce fanboys who still care about this disappointing trilogy . To the others -LRB- like me -RRB- , this release is unconvincing and tiresome.Junk cinema .
 I rented this thinking it would be awsome , it had like all these sites saying the animations was awsome . When i saw the first like minuit animation thing i thought , thats good . then the rest ... ohhhh the rest ... I literally shut off my VCR while watching like the 7th one . This was the most reduculous thing i have ever seen . No offense to those who like it . But i would STRONGLY not reccomend even wasting the 2 bucks to rent it at a video store .
 This was a strange movie . Bunch of different sections of the Matrix movis is in this movie . I tell you , I have seen some great animated movies , but this one bored me to death . It did however , explained little more about Matrix itself , but the sections do end abrubtly , so you do n't know what happends to lot of those characters in each of those sections . If I could give zero stars then I would have .
 I am really disappointed of this movie.Don ' t spend your money in it.It is a bad movie , without meaning.Don ' t waste your time in this garbage .
 In this collection of -LSB- bad -RSB- animation based on the brain dead science fiction series we get to see the adventures of people we have no reasons to care about . ZERO STARS
 further proof that at the heart of the Matrix is ... little more than that revealed in the first film . The sequel and this animation shift emphasis from the notion that `` reality is a dream '' and emphasizes a by-now hackneyed `` man versus machine '' formula . Is this the world of the Matrix , or a preview of Terminator 3 ? The background `` Second Renaissance '' is third-tier Asimov at best , and Last Flight of the Osiris is not more successful at accomplishing anything than Final Fantasy . As for the others -- come on ... Are a series of `` Tone Poems '' already the only things they could cobble together with such a rich concept?All in all , I suspect the Animatrix is the shape of things to come for the Matrix ... but fortunately , we 'll only have to go back there one more time ...
 I saw the Final Flight of the Osiris in the theater and I thought it was great . It had a great story and the animation was awesome . When the DVD came out I ran and bought it . OOPS !!! I started watching it and I loved the animation , they had some of the top Anime artists . The problem was the story lines , some of them just seemed pointless and you were just left saying ummmm ok . This would be a good DVD to rent , but do n't buy it !!
 Let me start of by saying I really enjoyed the matrix . The matrix reloaded was okay , but nothing special . I was looking forward to the animatrix because I incorrectly thought it would be written with a similar quality and caliber as the first matrix . I was wrong . I wo n't rehash what many other reviewers have already stated , but for those who are still deciding whether or not to buy , DO N'T . You will be disappointed . The quality of the animation presented is sub par only to its dialogue and plot . Many of the stories are pointless and obvious . I fear the kid 's story will start a new trend of teenagers jumping from the roofs of buildings so they can wake up in the `` real '' world . I am honestly not sure -LSB- who -RSB- thought that story up . With the exception of the last flight of osiris this was a poorly thought out poorly executed production . I advise that you rent before buying .
 I believe that this animated movie is an attempt to milk as much money from the Matrix 's name as possible . Based on my observation , `` The Animatrix '' is a collection of old and poorly written animations that are designed to cash in on a film with a low production budget . The 1st animation was nice but then it goes down hill from there . I do not recommend buying this item . I am not disgruntled I just wish someone was honest in their reviews before I purchased my copy . After watching it for a while you definitely ca n't wait til it is over . The only thing that keeps you watching is the fact that maybe a good story is coming , just like the 1st scene . In any case , I recommend that you just wait until your buddy gets it . Trust me , he wo n't mind you borrowing it for a few weeks maybe months .
 When they say this DVD contains considerable violence and grotesque imagery they are n't kidding . If the Matrix had been anything more than an action movie I might bother to discuss the social ramifications of its themes and the legitimacy of art expression , but I will keep this a review of this DVD.I enjoy anime , but I am one of those who does not think sanitized should be a pejorative term.The violence against women -LRB- or pseudowomen , in certain incidents -RRB- disturbed me but the rending of screaming people was reckless disregard for taste . I can not in good conscience recommend this DVD as a whole.The idea behind telling the back story was innovative , but the execution was gruesome.The good points -LRB- i.e. why it should get any stars -RRB- : The behind the scenes are intriguing.The `` Scrolls to Screen
 I was excited to get to see this dvd when i first heard about it , however , when i watched it with my friends we all decided that with the exception of Final Flight of the Osiris , the dvd -LSB- stunk -RSB- . this adds nothing to the story that surrounds the matrix .
 What is the Animatrix ? Nine very short and uninspiring animated shorts . The good part ? You 'll realize this after 2 , and turn it off . Last Flight of the Osiris is another Final Fantasy . If you liked that movie , you 'll probably love this DVD . However , the vast majority of humanity did not . Some of stories do n't even fit in with the world already created in the first two movies . Creativity ? Yeah ... but it 's missused
 I regret watching the Animatrix film and am thankful I just borrowed it from a friend and did n't spend money . This type of film is , to me , what is wrong with Hollywood or mass market films in general . I found the short films to be in one of two categories :1 . A storyline that was better left to the imagination of the user . Nothing `` new '' is shown , it is kind of like a documentary about how something referenced in the movie came about . Most of these shorts are completely centered around the point that the human race is becoming too reliant on technology . This removes any thought or imagination from the moviegoer , something that was present in the first Matrix film but every successive release removes pieces .2 . An attempt to bring in some new angle to the story by proposing a new `` deep '' theory . All of these shorts just came off as confusing jumbles of random thoughts and images . You end up confused as the storyline makes no sence . The ones that do have a point are n't very interesting for all the work they put in to depict it.The quality of animation is quite nice . Like many of thse reviews have mentioned , the shorts are all done by different people so the styles are all different . That part of it , I found quite refreshing.This is not a DVD I would want to own , my recommendation if you really want to see it is a quick rental and low expectations . Otherwise you will be very disappointed .
 Careful about buying this DVD . I just finished watching 70 % of it at home , and multiple times throughout the DVD my wife and I wanted to turn it off . The first short is the best . Flight of the Osiris . Everything else is terrible , and now I know why the first short is the only one released to the theatres . Pretty obvious difference in quality between that and the others . Had they shown any of the others in the theatre , there would have been a stampede to the bathroom to hurl.Yes , the rest of the DVD is that bad .
 soem were interesting in regards to filling in the gaps of storyline , but all in ok , just an OK dvd living off the name of movie .
 As I sat through these short stories my eyelids got heavier and heavier . The pointless stories had me thinking `` Why do I care so much about this ? '' And the answer was `` I do n't care . '' I love anime . That 's why I watched the Animatrix . When anime goes bad it 's REALLY bad . The problem many animes have is there 's too much complicated chatter that the average person will hear as `` blah blah blah . '' The dry dialog is enough to put anybody to sleep . The animation is beautiful . So the one star I 'm giving it will stand for that . But at one point I felt as if I were watching `` Final Fantasy . '' The characters and backgrounds look like they have been ripped directly from that movie . But it is clear that they did not have as much time to develop this story as they did on Final Fantasy because the animation is choppy and does n't flow at all . The lips never match up to the voices and the faces have no emotion at all . All in all this DVD is a waste of time . What is happening is the story of the Matrix is being ruined by all this junk coming out . Toys , video games , TV shows , short stories , and worst of all , one sequel right after the other that only tells the exact same story the first movie told . End it already will you ?
 Expecting something Great out of this movie , I was very dissapointed . Most of the movies made absolutely no sence at all and did not tie to the Matrix .1 . Final Flight Of OsirisThe only truly decent movie on this disk , The visuals are great and the story ties in to the Matrix . Still , it does n't make up for the rest of the movie .2 . The Second Renasance Parts I and IIThese two shorts , while showing very intresting info on the background of the Matrix , are unnecessiraly gory . Scenes are absultotely disgusting . The story is intresting , but still is not great .3 . Kid 's StoryFrom here on the rest of the shorts are totally awful . This short , while tieing on to the Matrix -LRB- because the kid is the one that follows Neo around in Reloaded -RRB- . However , the rest of the movie is not entertaining .4 . ProgramA repeat of the Morpheus-Neo fight scenes from the Matrix . Decent story , but animation is bad and has a stupid ending .5 . World RecordNow here is where it gets really stupid . A runner named Dan breaks through the Matrix . But other than that there is no real mention of the Matrix . You watch this man run in Slo-Mo for most of the movie . Worst movie on the disk .6 . BeyondBoring story that does n't make sence . This girl goes to a Haunted House that 's a glitch in the Matrix . But , there is explanation of what is going on . A lot of it is Kids playing .7 . A Detective StoryBoring , Boring , Boring . I fell asleep during this one . The reason why Trinity wanted him there is not mentioned . Not understandable .8 . MatriculatedThis is the longest of the shorts . It is not understandable . The virtual reality thing is stupid , animation is junk and story is crazy . This one is totally awful.When I watchd this movie I expected a intresting Animation experience . I got junk . One good movie does n't cut it . Even hardcore Matrix fans wo n't like this .
 What the **** ?! I 'm a matrix fan but this ? I just saw it , and it is worthless ... and the stuff of nightmares
 Pros-Contains stories about why and how the Matrix was created-Some episodes have nice animation-Matrix , geeks , and some anime fans will enjoy itCons-Most episodes have stupid looking animation-Weird stories-Slight nudity , even if it 's a robot , and a lot of skimpy clothing -LRB- really PG-13 ? -RRB- - Tried to be too symbolic and artisticOverall , it left a bad taste in my mouth . Just rent it if you really curious to see it .
 This disc is mess-uped . Any kid under 11 SHOULD NOT FOR ANY REASON SEE THIS . It messes with your mind
 This DVD start 's off wonderfully with `` Final flight of the Orisis '' , the animation is outstanding and it does a great job of setting you up for `` The Matrix Reloaded '' . But after than there is n't anything really worth your time . Only two others come close and those are `` Kid 's Story '' and `` Detective Story '' and those are really pretty far from relating to the movie . If your a anima fan you may enjoy these just for the animation , but for my after `` Final flight of the Orisis '' it lost any real Matrix feel to the stories .
 I rented this because I could not decide whether or not to buy it . I had been extremely disappointed over the Matrix Reloaded and I did not want to make a costly mistake . Renting was a good idea . While better than the movie , these shorts suffered from too many ideas that were not explored properly . Everything seemed a bit too rushed . The animation varied from exquisite to downright revolting.I was unimpressed with Final Flight of the Osiris . Photo realistic animation does not work with Human characters ! Give it up ! The characters looked embalmed and reanimated . I do not want to see computer animated butts with skin that looks like it has the consistency of jellyfish . There is nothing alive about these characters . They are too perfect . They do n't move like beings who are related to the Great Ape family tree . Speed up any video of live human beings and our side to side , arm swinging ape like walk is unmistakeable . Plus someone has to give these animators acting lessons . Because that is what they have to become in order to try and give realistic reactions to these mannequins . A well timed smirk is not acting!Anyway , the best of the lot was Beyond . I was impressed with the animation and the story . It brought the Matrix world into ours by focusing on a girl next door type , her cat and the neighborhood kids . The incorporation of the haunted house archtype was genius ! That look into the black nothing of the matrix hole was terrifying ! I wanted to know more about these kids . What did the agents do to them?The rest of the shorts , I could take or leave.This is definately a rental ! Do not buy !
 I am a Matrix fan . I have been a Matrix fan but after seing this I ca n't say that I will `` always be '' Matrix fan . This thing was pointless . It just lets you know how it all started . But to me that was part of the coolness the Matrix had to offer ... the fact that you know little no knowlage . You just have to wait for the next movie to come out -LRB- Revolutions -RRB- . I am highly dissapointed with Enter the Matrix as well . This coming from a Matrix fan who printed out flyers ins school and put them all around the hallways announcing the arrival of Matrix Reloaded , which I would give a three out of five . That is mostly because the begining -LSB- was not good -RSB- , and then to top it off , the Wachowski brothers had a fadawy type camera shot of Keanue Reaves instead of Carrie Ann Moss which was -LSB- not good -RSB- . Most the people who watched the movie were guys ! All in all , for nine stupid pointless , appetite losing -LRB- oh yeah , I lost my appatite eating some chicken Lo Mein dammit ! -RRB- ... Do n't spend -LSB- the money -RSB- . It 's not worth it . The only reason it gets 2 stars is beacuse I give them more credit than they desreve on the animation . I like the style they used though ... It 's new . Rent it . You might think I am a piece of crap for saying all this , so just keep in mind that is my opinion you are reading .
 I anticipated the Animatrix to be a good production . First I saw Final Flight of the Osiris which was the best anime short that I have ever seen . But then I saw The Second Renaissance I was disquested . The Second Renaissance was the worst short that I had ever seen in my WHOLE LIFE . After that , all the others were either boring , pointless or just plain lame . Do not buy this DVD ...
 I thought `` The Animatrix '' would be better , since it 's a Matrix movie ! Only 3 out of the 9 mini-movies were good . Only the first on has real Computer Animation and some of the animation is n't even colored in . If you 're gon na watch this , just watch the first 3 mini-movies and then just watch the real `` Matrix '' with Keanu Reeves . I would have expected better of Andy and Larry Wachowski .
 This DVD contains 9 different short stories drawn by different artists . In some cases , I liked the animation , and in others I disliked it . I found the drastic changes in the artists ' style to be distracting at best . But this is a matter of personal taste . I was really disappointed and a little annoyed by this collection because the stories themselves seemed trivial and sometimes incomplete . At the end of many of them I thought so what ? Nothing of substance occurred and there seemed to be no point to many of them . Much like the Enter the Matrix video game -LRB- which I also own and am disappointed with -RRB- , the Animatrix felt like a cheap grab for more of my money . It seemed hastily written and slapped together just to squeeze out a few more bucks from me . While I sort of liked Matrix Reloaded , I think the release of that movie coupled with the video game and the animated stories was overly commercial and really diminished my enthusiasm for Revolutions and my overall opinion of the Matrix storyline . The Animatrix should have just been included on the Matrix Reloaded DVD for free when it is released . I would not waste your money on this one .
 After reading the scores of positive reviews here , I decided to buy the DVD without renting it first . Boy was that a bad decision . Although some of the episodes were entertaining , most of them resorted to simply copying basic themes and visuals from the first movie . The dialogue tends to draw staight off the first movie which can get really annoying . Also , rather than coming up with new machines , these episodes show that in fact squidies are the only machine we will ever see . Except in the last episode which manages to destroy this one good point by being extremely confusing.I suppose if you really like anime then you might like this dvd more than I did . I 'm a really big fan of the Matrix . I thought the first and second movie were fantastic . This DVD is definitely not anywhere near the level of those movies . But if you are a big fan , you 'll probably want to see these once so rent it or borrow it from a friend .
 I was eagerly anticipating the release of Animatrix . Now , after viewing it , I am very disappointed in the product as a whole and even somewhat offended.First , the Good . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' was incredible . Clearly the best of the features . Some of the most expressive and impressive animation I have ever seen . `` Kid 's Story '' was intriguing and clarifies a question I had after watching `` Matrix
 If logic had anything to do with hollywood you might expect that if you liked the Matrix you will like the Animatrix . Wrong !!! Unlike the Matrix , the Animatrix is collection of short anime 's -LRB- to short to hold your your attention , let alone remember them to recamend to a friend -RRB- . The animation itself is n't bad , infact it 's pretty good , the problem is , that the only thing they are showing is naked chicks and these fake looking robots that could come straight from an H. G. well 's production ! It 's sad , really , because the Matrix appealed to so many people , unlike the Animatrix which will only appeal to adolescents wanting some cheap thrills .
 Ok , I 've waited for this DVD since I found out about it . It was preordered and shipped . I popped it in and ... flat lined ! If you are an anime freak , than this may be something to add to your collection when the price drops . But if you are looking to get a real feel for the Matrix story background , seek alternative sources . Before I jumped on the bandwagon and clicked buy , I should have had a better sense of what I was getting . I wanted something that would go over the FULL past of the Matrix , i.e. the first surviors and the founding of Zion . But the only story that even seemed in line to what I thought I was getting was the first chapter , the final flight ... which I watched last because of a button mishap . Before viewing that I was crushed ! This is definitely a rent first , or borrow DVD . I 'm not sure how you can ride the fence about this one . You either liked it or hated it . If I could rate on workmanship I would rate higher , however I 'm rating on story-line only ... and again , it was a HUGE let down .
 I bought this DVD hoping to get more insight on the Matrix . I believe the origional plan was to make a full animated prequel film to the Matrix . Instead , we get 9 short episodes I do n't know what . In my opinion , the only thing good about it is the animation . The stories make very little sense and have little to do with the movie . If you are an anime fan you would like this . If you are n't , it is a waste of time . --------------------------------------------------------------- Nov 7,2003 I would like to take back what I said about The Animatrix . My hopes were high before I watched it and I was disappointed after seeing it . I should have watched Matrix Reloaded before I wrote the review , which I did n't . After watching Matrix Reloaded I think Animatrix supplements the movie well . I take back my rating of 2 stars and give this a 3.5 . Mainly , because I 'm not a big anime fan . I 'm sure anime fans would disagree with my rating . Judge for yourself .
 I found the Animatrix really disappointing . Part One and Two of `` The Second Renaissance '' was just awful ! These two animations tell the story of how mankind was conquered by the machines . There MAJOR flaws from beginning to end . For example , the narration mentions that the humans dropped nuclear weapons on the machine city with no effect because radiation has no effect on a machine . Yet , every nuclear bomb creates an EMP blast that kills all electrical equipment ... something that they use in The Matrix movies ... duh . Another example is that the machine run on solar power . What do humans do ? Black out the sky . Hmmm , let 's not bomb the solar panels first , right ? Finally , my favorite example
 i have to admit that some of the different parts of the film were very cool , but its just plain dissapointing when they finish . there is only about 20 minutesin each of the films , so they have to wrap each one quite shortly . if they had spent the time to make lets say four 40 minute films instead of nine 20 minute ones , i would have been satisfied . the best one was the detective story .
 Pretty disappointing ... of the nine stories , only one , the story of the `` rise of the machines '' -LRB- oh wait , is n't that another movie ? -RRB- is even halfway interesting . Great idea , poor execution .
 This DVD consists of short anime clips that are joined together.It scores well on artistic content and quality of anime.What it fails badly in is the storyline.Viewers are given a sneak peek into a little bit of this and that , without much of a storyline to join it all up.Seperately , there is also a short clip on a teenage boy committing suicide in the belief that it will get him out of the matrix . I find this disturbing . Whether this will inspire copycats can lead to an endless tirade . I certainly will not be letting any impressionable kid watch this.As with the 2nd installment of the matrix , this comes across as quite a disappointment .
 I thought `` The Animatrix '' would be better , since it 's a Matrix movie ! Only 3 out of the 9 mini-movies were good . Only the first one has real Computer Animation and for some of the mini-movies some of the animation is n't even colored in . If you 're gon na watch this , just watch the first 3 mini-movies and then just watch the real `` Matrix '' with Keanu Reeves . I would have expected better of Andy and Larry Wachowski . They should n't even had wasted their time making a `` Animatrix '' .
 i bought this after seeing commercials on tv about it and i thought it would be awesome considering that i love the matrix . i wish i rented it instead of buying it . i thought it was pretty bad and would have given 1 star but there are a couple of good ones on here .1 . final flight of the osiris-probably the best one . good animation and interesting to watch .2 . the second renaissance-kind of boring but gives you the detailed history on how the machines came to rule everything .3 . kid 's story-this one was fun but i thought the animation -LSB- was unacceptable -RSB- . i do n't know why people keep saying it was good . the colors were hard to tell making it all mucky and basically it 's hard to identify anything becausethe drawings are all messy and just bad . the story is good though.4.program-i liked this one . i think this was one of the better ones . the fighting was good and the animation was n't bad .5 . world record-this one was plain stupid.it is about a guy setting the world record in running or someting and it kept having him break his leg and stuff and just made no sense.the animation was so-so .6 . beyond-this one is weird . it is about a girl looking for her cat in this abandoned house that gives you matrix like powers . animation is good but did n't really have any point in it .7 . a detective story-this one was good . it has trinity in it and it is about this detective that is looking for her or something . i did n't really like the animation in it not to mention the whole thing is almost completely in black and white.8.matriculated-animation is really good but boring . it 's about being able to make the robots work for the humans and making them good or something and giving them a mind of their own.Overall , rent it and do n't buy it unless you have rented it and like it . Even the ones that i said were good still are not true matrix level , not to mention short.they just seem like a waste of time and they do n't amount to the movie in anyway whatsoever .
 I am a Matrix fanatic , but , after buying and watching this DVD , I was left feeling a little cheated . True , the films are visually beautiful , and they shed some -LRB- very little -RRB- insight into the Matrix -LRB- I II & III -RRB- story and characters , but I thought this DVD fell pretty flat as a whole package . The films are not very tied together -LRB- you can really tell there were different authors -RRB- and the stories are more like teasers.Save your money - rent this one if you are really curious !
 Okay , I did n't mind the first Matrix film , but hated the other two . I thought I might enjoy Animatrix , as I quite like anime and I hoped knowing more of the backstory would bring me a little closer to enjoying the live-action -LRB- if you can call it that , ahaha -RRB- trilogy.Animatrix was an overall waste of my time -LRB- the first film ` Final Flight ... ' is n't even anime , and is basically a ridiculous attempt at non-pornographic pornography -RRB- , ' A Detective Story ' being the only real standout for me . ` The Second Renaissance ' is kinda neat , but really it 's nothing new if you know anything about anime film . There are interesting little bits every now and then , but you have to sit through the dross to get to them.Mostly , it 's very nice to look at , graphic and disturbing at times , but would probably be cooler to have playing mute on your bigscreen TV at a geek party with some Aphex Twin or ATR in the stereo.I was disappointed -LRB- although not surprised -RRB- but I 'm sure it 's a necessity for the fanboy crowd . Everyone else , keep your money .
 I was very disapointed with this film . I was looking forward to this DVD more then I was looking forward to Reloaded . But it did not live up to my expectations .
 I am an avid Matrix fan . So I was excited to have my copy of AniMatrix arrive in my mailbox . I quickly opened it and watched through all 9 episodes . I watched the first one and thought this is real good stuff . Unfortunately , the only one worth watching was the first one . Each one that followed got stranger as I watched them . My teen-aged sons said it looked like the Matrix on drugs when it came to the other eight.Unless you are really into the amine art/cartoons , it would be best to only rent this video .
 I was highly disappointed by the Animatrix . I would say that only four of the shorts are any good and two of them are downright terrible - `` World Record '' and `` Beyond '' I had to read reviews to find out what they meant and how , at all , they related to the Matrix . You can tell which ones are good just because they are the ones that were actually written by the Wachowskis ' . I would definetly not recommend buying this , but renting it would n't be a bad idea . I was really hoping that these would shed some more light on the Matrix , but it did not at all . I think the problem was that the Wachowskis ' gave way to much power to the Anime directors to change the stories . If they had kept more control then I think these would have been alot better and more served their purpose .
 Like Matrix Reloaded
 Rented this cheap at the local supermarket ... to see what it was and glad I did . Basically nine short films done anime-style or with CGI -LRB- Final Flight of the Osiris , first one -RRB- . I just found the whole thing boring . Found myself fast-forwarding to skip past the overdone imagery to see the nine stories unfold . Not really that much to `` watch , '' even for a short film . Some of the voice acting is awful and clich&eacute;d when it 's there . Mostly there is n't any voice , just the visuals and music.Those who LOVE anime that skimps on voicework will love this . Everyone else looking for some cool action -LRB- and drama sub-text , as in the case of Matrix Reloaded or even M1 -RRB- will probably find this a real snooze .
 MILF
 This was a really bad film . Four guys with a combined IQ of a cucumber comes up with the idea to have sex with older women . The Script and the acting was so bad that you thought it was a porn movie except there was no porn either . Could possible be used in a class room for future directors under the headline `` Past mistakes that we can learn from '' . Still , I am certain that it will appeal to some viewers but I do n't know why .
 This was not a good movie . Thought it would be really funny but I found it to be very , very boring . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 Disk worked fine but the story was trash , emphasizing simple minded homosexuals and not really all the ` coming of age ' story one might expect about ` boys ' and ` women . ' A waste for any straight guys or gals .
 A coming of age -LRB- released 2010 -RRB- very unrealistic DVD presentation about spoiled , rich nerdy college boys who act like they are in transition from elementary school to junior high school , and a few quite attractive women in their late 30 's / early 40 's who are apparently so starved for intimacy they choose to beg the nerdy college boys to have frequent , aggressive sex in many indoor / outdoor places , and it only calms down one of the four nerdy college boys into becoming as thoughtful as a sophomore in high school . The predominantly featured woman is Amy Lindsay , followed by Molinee Green . Nearly all other exploitation scenes are very brief , many for less than a four seconds glance and those are quickly followed up by alarmingly stupid scenes of implausible dialogue or disconnected activity to keep you wondering why you 're still watching . All have bed sheets , towels , or other censorship items restricting view considerably , except for one split second snapshot of full frontal . Jack Cullison , Philip Marlatt , Joseph Booton , and Ramon Camacho are the four nerdy boys ; good luck trying to remember any other film they 've been in . Not much substance and a scant sprinkling of glitz eye candy ; otherwise too juvenile to stomach unless you 're under thirteen years old - which is a catch-22 since this film would definitely be rated `` R '' in USA censorship standards if it was n't offered as `` unrated . '' If you can get it for a cheap enough `` used '' price , it might be worth it , if you 're seventeen or younger . I 've had a better time cleaning out the dirt from under my fingernails .
 First clue the women pictured on the DVD cover are HOT and not in the movie . The movie is about four college friends , two of whom have a bet to see who can bag the most milfs . Three of these friends would have trouble getting to second base with a blowup doll . In the beginning they get shot down by everyone , yet somehow find women drunk enough to have sex with them . There is one good looking woman in the film . She is not a milf she is a student . Do n't get excited . You are led to believe you are seeing her exposed breast after someone bumps into her at a party and her breast slips out of her halter . They actually used a boob double . The mystery boob is only shown in a closeup . I gave this a one star rating because I do n't think they allow a zero star rating . The only redeming quality would be if you have never seen a woman 's naked breast before you will in this movie . I already tossed my copy . Beware .
 I am one of Lucille Ball 's biggest fans and there are very few movies and TV shows that I hate but `` The Magic Carpet '' has no redeeming value whatsoever . Lucy did this picture because she was under contract to Columbia for one more movie . She was already pregnant at the time and did receive $ 80,000 for starring in this mess of a movie . Lucy had admitted this when she appeared on Johnny Carson 's Tonight Show . She hated this film but got a good salary and ended her contract with Columbia . I would have given it zero stars but I still love Lucy .
 Poor quality , ca n't believe it is on the site . A poor quality video played to music , no voice narration . Seen better on You-Tube
 The only thing good about this version of Tolstoy 's classic story is that it represents the novel very well . Otherwise this miniseries is a waste of time and entirely aggravating to boot.Tolstoy 's great character `` Anna Karenina '' is reduced to a porcelain skinned bubble head in this film . Anna as played by Nicola Pagett just does n't do justice to the original character who is supposed to exemplify all things seductive and selfish and remain aloofly beautiful despite all her faults , Pagett comes across as falsely attractive and lacking in any seductive ability whatsoever . But she is forced to work with Stuart Wilson as Vronsky and he is even worse ! Looking like a tenor from a barbershop quartet and acting almost as atrociously Wilson shames Tolstoy 's character beyond words . Vronsky is an expert horseman but watching Wilson attempt to ride around Anna 's carriage in one scene is almost comical , he could have used the glue on his fake mustache to hold himself in the saddle a bit better!Some of the actors in this series pulled off their parts well
 Absolutely perfect ! I have been looking for this version for some time and it was well worth the wait !
 I looked for her in vain in this misbegotten adaptation of Tolstoy 's masterpiece . The direction and acting at the most mediocre level imaginable . My advice is
 Author Jodi Picoult has penned some surprisingly ambitious and thought-provoking page turners . `` Salem Falls , '' as a novel , is not one of her strongest endeavors . It 's readable enough and works as escapism , but it lacks some of the believability and realness that distinguish her best books . As soon as I 'd read it , I 'd pretty much forgotten it . The Lifetime network adaptation of `` Salem Falls , '' not surprisingly then , gave me almost the same reaction . I watched it , it was reasonably enjoyable , but I ca n't imagine revisiting it anytime in the future . If it was on TV and you were a Picoult fan , I 'd say `` sure , give it a look . '' But as a DVD purchase , I 'm not positive that I 'd recommend it to anyone but the most stalwart fans . Fundamentally , it is a story riddled with cliche and reliant on coincidence to drive it forward . But while I never believed a moment of this TV presentation , it was n't without a few moderate pleasures.Perhaps the most interesting aspect of `` Salem Falls '' is its incorporation of witchcraft into the central plot lines . When a mischievous trio of high school girls employ the dark arts , one wishes to find a mysterious new love interest . Enter drifter James Van Der Beek , a man who seems to be on the run from a troubled past . The loner meets up with a local diner owner -LRB- when he almost kills her father -- how 's that for a meet-cute -RRB- . As he takes a temporary job in her establishment , romance blossoms between the two even as the high school vixen makes her play for the irresistible stranger that was conjured specifically for her -LRB- she 's a bit of a nutcase -RRB- . Of course , the present day circumstances start to feel uncomfortably familiar to Van Der Beek and the secrets he wants to stay buried surface in the most unpleasant ways . After the fairly successful set-up , however , gets Van Der Beek in hot water with the town -LRB- it 's a literal witchhunt -RRB- , the movie turns into a pat and convenient mystery.While Van Der Beek seems a bit too stoic to inspire such instant adulation , the beginning of `` Salem Falls '' is a decent enough entertainment . But things start to go awry when it strays away from soapy melodrama into supposedly more serious territory . The complicated issues presented are n't explored with any depth and the past mystery is solved with ease -LRB- too bad the cops are always inept in these movies -RRB- . It does n't help that the movie ventures into very familiar territory and its resolutions are trite and cliched at best . Seriously , when this movie tries for weepy movie of the week hysterics , I lost any good will that I might have had . For me the movie begins at about 31/2 stars and ends at about 11/2 stars . Where are the real witches when you need them ? This one did n't cast a spell on me . KGHarris , 2/12 .
 When it comes to books being made into movies-I always give a lot of leeway ... EXCEPT when they take the whole of it -LRB- rather than just parts -RRB- and rewrite the story and characters ! If I had never read the book , it IS entertaining-but the ending is way too predictable and abrupt . Everything there catches your eye but it never goes further than that . Wish I had n't spent $ 14.99 on it ! : \
 Unable to watch it . It is in the wrong format and not in english . Can not get anyone to acknowledge the mistake and exchange it for a blu ray in USA format .
 I am disheartened to receive Ghosts of the Abyss which does n't play in North America ! Wrong language wrong DVD . I would like to receive the proper Zone when I order .
 I WAS EXCITED WHEN IT FINALLY CAME OUT ON VIDEO . MY FRIEND BROUGHT IT OVER AND WE WATCHED IT . IT BORED THE SOCKS OFF ME . THE ONLY COOL PARTS WERE WHEN THEY FINALLY WENT DOWN TO SEE THE TITANIC . SHE 'S STILL SO BEAUTIFUL AFTER ALL THESES YEARS . IT WAS MORE LIKE A DOCUMENTARY THEY NEED TO SHOW MORE OF THE TITANIC.IAM SO GLAD I DID N'T BUT IT .
 I got the 3D dvd several years ago when it was on sale only in Japan.The 3D was not that good as one had to wear a type of glasses that no other 3D dvd ever had . One did not know which scenes in the film were of the actual titanic wreck or made in a studio.No doubt the forthcoming bluray will be far superior but I would not buy it as I do n't want to see studio sets of the wreck - only the actual wreck .
 Its probably alright if you like stuff like this but I dont .
 This movie is pointless and boring . Plot really goes nowhere and certainly not entertaining or funny . I was highly dissapointed based on the previous reviews .
 I wanted this in dvd , not vhs ! Somehow , I got a VHS , instead of a DVD . . A good movie , it is ; but , not what I wanted . .
 Sabu does not appear in this film . Also , this DVD version omits opening and closing scenes ! If you 're a credits buff , you 'll get none here .
 This has more of a porn feel to it than a horror movie feel . It could have been a neat thriller/horror based on a sick sexual fetish , but it was just so poorly done that it fails . The one standout in this otherwise sloppy mess , is the performance by Alex O'Loughlin . He was pretty awesome . Other wise feel free to avoid . The `` shocks '' are really yawn inducing .
 I got this because I really liked the actor in his `` Moonlight '' series ... what a disappointment . I could find no redeeming quality whatsoever in this film , I hope he got paid for it . My copy went in the trash immediately after viewing . Do not waste your money or mind on this film .
 I saw this last summer . I could care less about famous actors or actresses . What has to grab me is the story and the performers ability to illustrate that story.This movie seemed to be an almost drawn out `` snuff '' film . The over-feeding and forced feeding of a person till they die , while filming it and taking odds on bets , is disturbing . -LRB- But I did n't like any of the Kill Bill movies or Pulp Fiction either -RRB- I do n't see these types of movies as entertaining . Senseless killing of another human , even if it is fictional cinema just does not have a redeeming quality for me.It was `` different '' in a sick , warped , twisted way , but I would not want to see it again . If you are some kind of movie buff and are interested in off-beat genera for off beat sake , then you got ta see this film.If you 're a normal person raised on Frankenstien , Dracula and the Wolfman , and that type of horror is good enough for you , I do n't think you 'd like this movie.Oh , the cop chasing the bad guy is just so unrealistic it 's laughable . -LRB- Just shoot the bastard , jeez -RRB- Also , as I watched this movie I thought to myself , `` Any obese person watching this would sure find this movie incentive enough to go on a crash diet ''
 If truly obese women and the men who feed them are your thing , this deliberately exploitive raunch film will send you running for more mashed potatoes . Feed was n't meant -LRB- I think -RRB- to be taken seriously . An Aussie cop is determined to track down what appears to be an Internet fetish killer in the U.S. . He does . We learn a lot about strange love , unforced feeding and human blubber . Alex O'Loughlin , who wrote and stars , and the fat suit worn by the lead actress do the best acting .
 Really 1star but a 2 star for originality . I tried to stick this one out hoping it would snowball but it is too loose and baggy . Could not get involved with any of the characters . Then footage of obscene obesity started to make my stomach squirm .
 Pretty weird and definitely a different concept . It was pretty disturbing . Worth a watch . Same three guys that were in Man-Thing .
 The review on the cover of the DVD tells you that it is the grossest film the reviewer has ever seen . I totally agree even though I only got about 7 minutes into the film and had to shut it off . I have not finished watching it and doubt if I will ever finish it . I think the world of Alex O'Loughlin and love all his other works but this is one film I will pass on and relook at Alex in `` The Oyster Farmer '' a wonderful film that I would recommend to any Alex O'Loughlin fan .
 I so love the actor Alex O'Loughlin that I bought this movie thinking Feed it would be good . Well , teach me to read things more . I was shocked and as much as I loved Alex in Moonlight series . . not in this ! This movie is what I call mild porn and it 's gross . I watched it and I hated it all . Forcing fat people to eat while tied to bed is wrong . Making them so fat they die is evil . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE !!!!
 Americans are fat , and the whole world knows it . The trouble is , we sometimes forget about our own obesity . Thats what strikes me about FEED . It 's an interesting concept , and I 'm honestly surprised that I have n't seen more films like this one.In a nutshell , its an attempt to gross - / shock the viewer , that does n't necessarily fall short , it just does not seem all that believable . The extreme gluttony and sex doesnt maintain the viewer 's interest and there are times when you must throw reality out the window altogether.All in all , its a decent RENTAL . I just can not help but feel that it could have been done better .
 didnt have a rating and when I saw it i thought what a horrible movie this was
 I just watched this movie yesterday and I had high hopes for it because of the subject matter . A sociopath who likes to feed women to death ... how could that not make a good story ? Well , the makers of this film managed to bungle it from almost the very beginning.First , there was the inclusion of scenes of the detective getting it on with his girlfriend . Okay , they needed to show some nudity and sex to attact young males to see their movie , but it really did n't have anything to do with the plot . I can see a little connection between the detective 's sexual practices to that of the sociopath 's , but it was n't presented in a way that could lead to some sort of deeper understanding of the detective 's mind.There were a ton of mistakes in the plot that either did n't fit in with the rest of the movie , or did n't make any sense whatsoever . Would you accept a cup of coffee from your nemesis , whom you know to be a serial killer , and then drink it ? I literally winced as the detective drank it down . How can a person , who is n't even a US citizen , automatically buy a gun from a gun shop and carry it out ? There are many more mistakes that I can point out but I will save you the pain of having to read about them.Needless to say , please avoid this film if you like a well developed plot that is n't full of holes and mistakes . I gave it two stars because I 'm feeling generous .
 Feed 's got a very interesting concept , and unfortunately that 's all it has . Basically this film is just another one of those serial killer flicks in the vein of Kiss The Girls/Taking Lives / / Bone Collector , take your pick . Maybe with a dash of Saw as well . That 's why the movie 's so ... blah . Outside of a killer with a unique modus operandi , this is pretty by the numbers , and not all that well done I might add . Tortured detective with baggage of his own ? Check . Sly , intelligent , philosophical and charming killer ? Check . Tons of herky-jerky , speed up/slow down MTV style editing that 's looked lame since Natural Born Killers ? Got that too . I do have to give this movie something for managing a feel of ickiness without using much gore . This movie is n't as gruesome as people say , but it manages some yuckiness by using gluttony for it 's `` eeeewww '' factor . Watch if you 're curious , but you 've seen this before .
 Australian detective Phillip Jackson -LRB- Patrick Thompson -RRB- investigates cyberporn sites , even such perverted ones as self-condoned cannibalism . He runs across a website with fellow investigator Nigel -LRB- Matthew Le Nevez -RRB- that consists of `` Feeders '' and `` Gainers '' , people who love grotesquely overweight people . On this website is 602 pound `` gainer '' Deidre -LRB- played quite well by Gabby Millgate -RRB- and her `` feeder '' Michael Carter -LRB- also a well acted role by Alex O'Loughlin -RRB- . Detective Jackson goes overboard when he discovers that the feeder is attempting to kill his gainer and going so far as taking Vegas-style wagers on how big she 'll be when she dies . Although taken off the case by his boss , he jumps a plane and travels to Toledo , Ohio , USA to catch up with Michael Carter and confront him.What follows are some overdone and over dramatized scenes of confrontation , along with psuedo-psychological -LRB- supposedly -RRB- nuggets of witty intellectual discourse . However , even a bit of good acting and a great soundtrack ca n't save this film from its script , its poor photography , and its over-the-top sensationalism . -LRB- it takes years and years to kill someone by overeating - no one is going to be placing Vegas-style bets on it -RRB- The ending did have a nice little twist , in case you decide to sit it out through the rest of the movie.There is a little bit of gore , and a bit of nasty fat-melting and cannibalism going on , but not enough to distract from the mediocrity of the film . Overall , definitely rent before you buy , and you might even want to get your rental fee back . I do n't recommend this movie , it did n't live up to the hype of the editorial or other reviews .
 I love robotics , and this had some cool stuff . But it was so full of bad acting and errors it was impossible to enjoy . The `` surprise ending '' was totally predictable . It was also silly they shot the last scene to leave it open for a sequel .
 I am not saying to avoid watching it.But this is made for TV , low budget quality , with an idiotic plot.At least it is free on Prime .
 Moderately entertaining dystopian sci-fi flick with a decent b-list cast , but seriously , it 's just libertarian propaganda.I 'm amazed I finished it really .
 I watched this the other day - I would n't rank it as a big screen movie , but more like a made for TV movie . Try to find it on TV rather than pay for a DVD . Not that good , I would n't have even kept watching it , but already saw it on here and it got good reviews . I would have passed on it otherwise . I expected a lot more .
 my copy dont work sending back then ill report on the movie and to those dont like my review shut up
 Poor production quality and directing . Not much to the storey either . Toward the end of the movie a woman cop gets killed during a shootout with the robots and a few scenes later the same scene is used again . If you like the movies that the SiFi channel makes you will probably like this one . I had to fast forward through all the time wasting arguing scenes -LRB- a favorite way to fill time when there 's an idea for a movie but no storey -RRB- . I would say it could have been cut down to 30 minutes with the material they had to work with .
 I 'm a PG/PG -13 viewer . This show had some interesting ideas , although it was a little dark . The plot was too obvious . I disliked the movie because of wanton violence , dignified anarchy , and heroization of a psychopath martyr . When that degraded to sexuality and nudity , I turned it off . I do n't know how it ended , but I gave it 2 stars because the show had some moments of decent acting and realistic eyeborg animation .
 Eyeborg
 Ripoff ! The copy I received from Amazon will not play on my Sony Bluray player . I believe others have reported the same issue . There seems to be manufacturing issue with the disks that Amazon continues to sell . I wish I could review the movie for you but unless Amazon sends a replacement that works that will not happen .
 EDITED
 This movie dragged and do n't really understand what the plot was supposed to be . Basically Kim B. was an disrespected wife , who uses a bad situation to kind of flip out . Back to the disrecptected wife thing . Her husband is a total piece of crap , but I ca n't help but to side with him on various things . She 's a stay at home mom , and the husband gets really pissed off when he gets home and there is kid crap ALL OVER the house and yard . I mean their crap is just about literally everywhere . He goes crazy and starts attacking her -LRB- verbally -RRB- for it , but I have to say I ca n't help but to take his side on that , but I digress . I guess we are supposed to feel bad for her , b/c everyone takes advantage of her . four dumb , predictable teens are trying to kill her for some reason that does n't matter . She does n't have a cell phone for some reason , but who cares anyway . I really do n't know how anyone could get into this movie , it is just so boring . Too little happens and the stuff that does is just so uneventful . The violence/action is just silly and simple-minded . that 's all there is to this movie and it is , again , just boring . Another thing that annoys me is the the fact that she has a retractable tire iron in a tool box . First things first , i do n't even think that there is such a thing -LRB- maybe NASA uses it to fix space tires but that 's about it -RRB- , but second why would it even be in a tool box ? The ending was just ... I do n't even know what it was . Do n't try to make up for an insanely boring movie with a crazy twist like that . It just does n't fit . It would be like growing an arboretum in front of a trailer home . I 'm all for just silly or non-serious horror movies -LRB- like feast 1 -RRB- , but this was just lame .
 There were too many things wrong with this movie , but since enough reviewers have already stated the obvious , I wo n't repeat them here . But here are my added observationsThe movie starts out with tense music as you see a car drive down wet streets to a nice two-story suburban home . It 's the husband , who comes home with a really bad attitude and takes it out on his wife , Della.Dells gives off her trademark chirpy screams she 's so famous for in other movies , and shakes in fear ... which she does throughout the movie . This opening scene already tells the audience that Della is going to have a very , very bad day.The mall scenes seem muted . For a Christmas Eve that was one quiet mall ! Where were the pushy crowds , the tense verbal exchanges and the impatient customers ? Nothing happened until she left the mall.One lone cop comes up to four thugs ? Where was the back-up ? From here on out , as she drives away from the mall , the plot just went downhill . Sure , the killing scenes were great if you like violent female erotica , but none of the politically-correct thugs had any common sense to be even labeled a thug . They could n't shoot straight , they could n't run straight , they could n't even overtake Della . And they were four against one!Now Della 's strong point is that she 's pretty damn good with lugwrenches , screwdrivers , blowtorches and guns . Every scene after the first death was predictable . The remaining thugs stalk Della in a dark forest -LRB- but of course our protagonist has a nice shining light on her -RRB- It 's supposed to be a rainy scene with thunder and lightning in the background yet everyone appears to be dry . Okay ... There was no character development , but most slasher movies do n't need that . Still , I was expecting more with Kim B in the lead role.The plot was just so stupid and dragged out . The thugs ' actions were all predictable and so was the very end.The very end was just too forseeable.The movie was only 1:20 hours long . I was glad it was over . Would I recommend this movie ? No . But if you like women who are great with tools and look good in boots and heels , yeah , this may be your fantasy woman ... just do n't tick her off !
 ok , so like , yeah , maybe I did walk in on this horror half way through -LRB- the ending certainly seems interminable enough ; must have been half way done ... -RRB- so like maybe I must have missed like a REALLY GREAT set up , or something , but all this movie seems to be is Bassinger channeling her anger at the Baldwin brothers , or something.Like , these frat boys getting really lost in the night woods despite having MAJOR lighting , theses are supposed to be the SCARY GUYS ?? Hey , Kim , next time you are running at night through the woods , -LRB- and like you miraculously can see like a cat the dry branches where these Keystone Cops can not ! -RRB- please lose the light beige trenchcoat and glow-in-the-dark tool box , ok ? I mean , even though these frat boys have all of the skills of the Three Stooges on scotch , I mean , get dark at night , ok ? And like please do NOT hole up somewhere waiting for these klutzes to pick up your trail again ? One of them seems to claim some kind of superscent ability ... But another claims to be getting hyperthermia ? What 's that all about ? And tosses down a botle of booze , and then is running just fine again -LRB- well , as fine as these fools run , snapping into branches and falling at the slightest provocation , etc. -RRB- Yeah , I admit it . I came in late , ok , and have no idea why all races and planets are represented in this hoarde of incompetent bad guys . But , of course , you JUST know it . Black guy dies first.Spoiler ? well , not really AT ALL , BECAUSE THE BLACK PERSON ALWAYS DIES FIRST IN THESE VERY BAD MOVIES ! Just look atHollow Man , for one ... Like someone else here says . Lousy movie . Great comedy . Never mindWhite Men Ca n't Jump . None of these fools can run . And this movie makes NO SENSE of any kind on ANY level.Kim . Kim . Kim , can we talk ? What are you doing in this dog ? Come on , MissThe Burning Plain !! Must be channeling her anger at those creepy frat boy Baldwin Brothers . Please , Kim , leave that vengeance on former spouses kind of thing to Woody , who can do it well , like inHollywood Ending .
 WOW ! Where the Aitch , Eee , double hockey sticks do I start ? I 've never heard of Craig Sheffer , and I count that as a good thing . For a man to play a cartoon male like this is tantamount to Spike Lee doing a turn as Stephin Fetchit . I can understand Bassinger needing to exorcize some demons , after her time with Alec Bald One , but , JEEEE-ZUSSS , did she have to take it out on us ? Supposedly , she was also involved as producer , in some way . Sheffer , I hope she was INCREDIBLY `` nice '' to you , cause you 're gon na smoke a you-know-what , you-know-where for the hatchet job you did on your fellow males . ` Hope it was worth the price . Dittos with the lady director . She 's clearly got issues of her own , but hey , she DID N'T need to dump them on us . If a picture on a screen could gag a buzzard , this 'd be the one to do it . Save your money and your LUNCH!Norm
 When I first heard about this movie I had high hopes . Kim Bassinger has made some genuinely good career choices recently , even turning in a decent performance in a so so movie called CELL . So when I heard she was going to play a beleaguered housewife who finally stood up to a group of attackers I had high hopes . Unfortunately they were dashed to the ground as I watched.Bassinger stars as Delta , a housewife with two children whose husband Kenneth -LRB- Craig Sheffer -RRB- displays a violent temper and an unwillingness to own up to the fact that he too is responsible for his family . It 's Christmas Eve and Delta still has a touch of shopping to do . She leaves home after a verbal assault from Kenneth -LRB- that ended in his fist through a kitchen wall -RRB- to go shopping.At the mall Delta is first upset at the number of shoppers who have decided to do last minute shopping just as she has . And having worked in retail I can tell you , I 've never seen NEAR this many literally last minute shoppers either . But she parks far from the mall and heads in . When she comes across a car that has taken two spaces close to the mall , she leaves a note on the windshield letting them know what a jerk they are.A tedious segment of shopping follows and finally Delta heads to her car . She notices the note is now missing but the car is still parked . By the time she gets to her car , the offender has followed her and a group of punk teens led by Chuckie -LRB- Lukas Haas -RRB- jump out of their car to threaten her . When a security guard attempts to come to her aid , Chuckie shoots and kills him . Delta makes a run for it , speeding off in her car while the teens argue.Okay , while we 've already been witness to some stupid things happening in this film -LRB- do n't they always ? -RRB- we are now given the chance to see Delta , equipped with a nice head start , not able to avoid the car following her but also losing control of her car and crashing it . With a still distant car in pursuit , the smart thing would be to get as far away as possible , right ? Not in this film . Here , it makes more sense to stay in the car and watch as the other car approaches and THEN get out to make a run for it.Taking a tool box from her trunk , Delta heads to a nearby construction site where houses are being built . Moving from house to house in search of a place to hide , she ends up in what should be a great location ... only to leave that for a lesser one and make enough noise to let her pursuers know where she is.When one of them falls and breaks his neck as he chases her , the rest decide its payback time and set out to find Delta no matter what . But when push comes to shove , Delta decides she 's had enough of people pushing her around , enough of people taking advantage of her and enough of playing the victim.Armed with her smarts and the tools she has in her box , Delta makes a point of letting these punks know she 's not the mom to be messed with . And rather than leave as they go down one by one , they continue to try and make her an example of the opposite.So why does this movie fail ? For one it is far too slow a movie pacing wise . This type of movie should move along so much faster . Check any Clint Eastwood or Charles Bronson revenge film to see just how fast.Secondly , the character of Delta seems far too mentally lost to become this sudden avenging angel . As Bassinger portrays her , she is afraid of her own shadow and backs down from any confrontation . Just a subtle glimpse of a woman inside willing to change would have made this more believable . Instead she does a complete turn around , going from terrified victim to commando mode.With better pacing , a more believable character and a chance to let that character unfold with glimpses of the real fighter inside prior to that release we could have had a decent revenge film here . As it stands , it moves along far too slow and offers us someone we find difficult to believe , even in the far off land of make believe known as movies . Let 's hope Bassinger 's next choice gives us something better .
 While She Was Out a lot of things could have happened , some of which might even have been interesting and entertaining . Unfortunately , most of what happened while the She in the title of the film was out is neither . At least not for my tastes.A friend of mine that loves these sorts of films would probably beg to differ . He -LRB- husband of a former co-worker -RRB- always raves about how some slasher/thriller film is the most excellent thing he 's ever seen , and I just sort of turn a deaf ear to such talk . I 'd much prefer a good solid drama or laugh my rear-end off comedy instead . Even a bad comedy is normally much better than this sort of film . If only I had followed my instincts and ignored this one.On the plus side , I guess I know at least one person that will get some enjoyment out of watching this .
 Finally settled in last night to watch this movie . Let me start by saying that I love a good mystery and that I usually enjoy these kind of movies . Not much more can I say that has n't been said before . First , the acting was absolutely awful . The movie is so scripted , it 's almost as if the actors are reading their lines . The roles and characters are more than predictable -LRB- i.e. you have all token nationalities in the ` bad guy ' gang , so they are equal opportunity offenders -RRB- . I found most of the action in the fight scenes to be totally absurd . I could no more see Kim B. slinging a tire iron at someone -LRB- and getting it lodged in the victim 's nostrils -RRB- then my mother doing it . It was almost comical . The underlying piece of Kim 's marriage to an abusive man , was also ridiculously scripted and acted -LRB- damn , if any housewife kept a house as dirty and junk filled as she did , who would n't be yelling at her from time to time ? -RRB- . Anyway , just reliving this movie to write this review is painful . The movie was like a bad Saturday Night Live/MadTV skit . Run , do n't walk , from buying or even renting this one .
 I missed this film in the theaters , though I big Kim Basinger fan . -LRB- Ah LA Confidential ! -RRB- . Now I know why.Here name on the package is almost as big as the title.I think I expected `` suspense '' not `` horror '' and it 's quite a violent film . I certainly spent no time with the Director 's commentary . -LRB- That would not convince me to like this film any better . -RRB- BTW , check out the `` rave '' quotes on the package . Folks like LA Weekly and NY Observer , not exactly the NY Times.I sure hope Basinger goes back to making quality dramas.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 *** This review will contain spoilers *** My , how the mighty have fallen . Kim Basinger is a damn good actress but she was definitely slumming when she took this role . This movie is bad for one reason in particular
 It 's the age-old question that has dominated locker-room talk since the great debate of the Spartan vs. the Ninja ; how do you get a desperate housewife to become a bad * ss that does n't run their convertable off a cliff after said transition?The answer is simple.You pit her against the most vile youngsters that kill security guards , threaten rape , and take up more than one parking spot , then you place her in a remote area where no one will help her but concurrently will allow her to systematically kill every badguy without any chance of being caught . Oh , and give her a handy toolbox so she has easy-access to a diverse array of improvised killing tools including a tire-iron , a screwdriver and a road flare.This is While She Was Out -LRB- WSWO -RRB- in a nutshell.I 'll be honest , I love women power movies where female protagonists break the traditional , and often mysoginistic , trend of being nothing more than a sexual object and/or a clumsy sidekick in film -LRB- Constantine anyone ? -RRB- . It 's not because it 's really , really sexy , but it shows that women can get just as nasty , if not sneakier , than us males . WYWO tries to emulate a kind of Thelma and Louise element of women power , but ends up becoming just another violent film albeit with a former Bond girl.I pretty much outlined the story above so recounting the details would seem a bit repetitive , however , there is something I wish to address.At the very beginning we are introduced to Della , a.k.a. Desperate Housewife # 5 , that lives as a reluctant trophy to a seemingly abusive husband . Abusive husband comes home and goes ballistic when he sees the house is a wreck . Now , granted the husband was a jerk and deserves a swift kick somewhere personal , but he did have a point when he asked why the house was seemingly destroyed by Toyfest USA . I mean , the place was worse than my first apartment after thesis research . You mean to tell me the two kids , ages somewhere between 8-10 could not clean up ? Guess their report on Barney the Dinosaur and Spongebob took up too much time . Darn midterms !! Going back to turning the protagonist into a Wonder Woman -LRB- albeit without the lasso and sadomasichism -RRB- , the problem you now run into as a writer is how does a scared and untrained woman fend off four very violent and very ticked off male assailants ? Their solution was dumb down the antagonist to an intelligence level that would make the guests on Are you Smarter Than a Fifth Grader feel smart . The villains are anything but believable as they 're nothing more than drunk hooligans wanting to `` see the ocean . '' Boo hoo , get a picture book.Also pertaining to the villains , I do not know if this was intentional but all four of the hooligans were portrayed as each major racial and cultural stereotype . They had the rapping African American -LRB- who had his race literally spelled out on his shirt incase you could n't figure out what race he was -RRB- , the Catholic-sporting-Spanish-speaking Hispanic , and the overly-compensating-get-drunk-off-one-Corona-beer Asian . I am NOT making this up . And , in traditional white egalitarianism , the white trailer trash character leads the way . I do not know if this was intentional but even my racist little brother watching with me had to point out the absurdity.The story and lame participants just ruin the movie 's potential to be anything more than a B movie . You can have the best acting in the world -LRB- Sorry Kim Basinger , no Oscar for you -RRB- and it still would n't have redeemed WSWO . For an 80-minute movie , the actions were repetitive , predictable , and cheesy . The only real inconsistency was the 20-minute setup for the actual movie . Return of the King dragged out less.However , this is not to say the film does not have some redeeming qualities . It was fun to see a former Bond girl beat some thugs into submission with improvised tools . The producers spared no level of graphic violence as one guy gets smashed with a tire-iron -LRB- repeatedly -RRB- and another gets virtually depatitated with a screwdriver . These were the high-notes as it generated numerous moments of ow-we-feel-your-pain screams from us in the audience . Unfortunately , this only happens twice as the other two are rather anti-climatic . All in all , a solid D - . A rental at best .
 Della is an abused wife and she 's about as beaten down as a person can be . One night , she is accosted by four young hoodlums who chase her into the woods . As the brutal thugs close in on her , she finds herself fighting for her life.Kim Basinger used to be a big star and a good actress , but not this time . This is a cheaply-made , amateurish movie that uses violence and gore in place of character and dialogue , and she has no chance to shine . There are n't any surprises and it actually gets tedious waiting for the baddies to catch Della who is armed with only her trusty tool box , and manages to overcome years of abuse and emerge a strong woman in short order . Lukas Haas plays the gang leader and he 's good at playing ruthless types , but his dialogue gets sillier and sillier and his last scene is nothing if not bizarre.A quickie indie movie that features repulsive characters tormenting a fragile woman ; it gets old fast .
 It says that a girl named Susan Montford both wrote and directed this `` movie . '' No wonder she has no other credits to her name for writing or directing . She made a severe vocational error in choosing this as her career . This is one of the worst human creations of this millennium.The fundamental thing wrong with this movie other than its ridiculous story of a woman running away from four weak thugs , is the blatant and complete lack of LOGIC . ** After she leaves the mall , she gets approached by four thugs as they surround her . Tell me , what woman would aggressively SHOVE a potential attacker while being surrounded , and insult them verbally ? I do n't mean after an attack had already started , because then of course it 's completely normal for someone to fight back . But she shoved that guy and pretty much escalated it to the next level . No woman would do that unless she 1 -RRB- had a weapon , 2 -RRB- has the confidence of knowing that backup is very close , and so is relatively safe from harm , or 3 -RRB- the attackers are so young , and weak looking that she 's pretty sure she can take them . None of that applied in this situation , so she was just acting like someone that 's asking to get raped or mugged . And by the way , when the security guard approached , as SOON as he came within viewing distance of Kim Basinger , why would n't she immediately either run towards him for help , or scream ?? ** When she drives off after the security guard gets shot in the head , she drives into a deserted part of town , and crashes . She had a good three minute lead on the pursuers , instead of simply running off on foot in a diagonal direction behind houses and climbing fences and continuing , she gets out her Red Toolbox and starts messing around under her hood . I understand she was trying to fix her car , but she should 've ran . -LRB- I did n't even mean this to be a chronological summary of the movie , because I loathe people who do that in their reviews , but it just so happens that every main sequence of this movie has something so blatantly stupid that I have to comment on it -RRB- . ** Why would she carry a loud , Red Toolbox as she 's trying to sneak away in the dark ? When she does get caught , one of the jokers demands for her to open the toolbox . First she resists , then eventually opens it . And takes out a wrench . This scene here is so rich in subtle overtones of the complete failure of dramatic effect I have to break it down , it 's one of the dumbest scenes in the entire movie . When asked to open the box , she 's resisting at first as if it were her plan to somehow get one of the thugs to open it themselves out of anger after she did n't open it , in the same way that someone in some action movie might have some device that an enemy demands that person to touch/push/open / manipulate , and once that hero refuses to open it , the enemy grabs that device , only to have that device automatically dispense a chemical/shoot him in the face/render him unconscious , which was the hero 's plan all along . It feels like that 's what they tried to do with Kim Basinger here , as she opens the toolbox dramatically and quickly takes out a WRENCH and dispatches one of the thugs , and somehow GETS AWAY from him and the three other thugs . ** Throughout the rest of the movie , basically what you see is this suburban house wife , sneaking around the woods as she carries her Red Toolbox , taking out various tools used as weapons to KILL HER ATTACKERS . ** When she was running away , how did she end up moving BACK to where the thugs were ? I think it was the scene where they had that radio playing loudly in tribute to the dead dude . She somehow crept up on them when I thought she was moving AWAY from them . ** Finally , this whole premise is so weak because the whole reason she 's being chased in the first place is because from the thugs ' perspective , she was a witness to a murder they committed against the security officer earlier , and so they felt they had to kill her . How ridiculous . As one of the thugs even said , they could 've just left town and returned back to whatever city they drove from , no one but her had seen them anyway , and she probably did n't get the license plate . Even if these possibilities would n't work in their favor , how is raising hell and hunting down someone to kill them improving your chances to get away with the original murder ?
 The behavior of the people in this movie is just not believable.I typically love these kind of movies , where the main character is set up to experience a life-or-death situation that causes true growth -LRB- like Sara Connor in the first Terminator movie -RRB- . But it ends up being a lot of aimless running around in the woods made to set up situations where Basinger can kill her pursuers with items found in the toolbox from her car.There are moments where she does even not try to get away -- instead she continues to hang around near her pursuers and listen to their conversations . There are other places where she 's so clumsy and noisy it 's ridiculous . And the scene where she actually starts seducing one of the boys is laughable . Basinger has always been one of my least favorites actresses , but even Meryl Streep could n't have made this work ... Not until the final scene does she show signs of turning into someone different than the lame , superficial , brow-beaten housewife she started out as , and as satisfying as that is , it was n't worth watching the whole movie to get there .
 Suburban housewife Kim Basinger is forced to fend for herself when she becomes stranded in a desolate forest with four murderous thugs led by a horrifically miscast Lukas Haas ! What starts off as a quick trip to the mall ends in the woods with a fight for her life . All she has is a toolbox and her will to survive . '' ... truly exceptional ... '' says Ai n't It Cool News '' ... a first rate performance by Kim Basinger '' exclaims LA Weekly `` Amazing and Truly Creepy '' raves Film -LSB- ... -RSB- `` Ordinary and Truly Tepid '' say we.Apart from the occasional gratuitous graphic violence , WHILE SHE WAS OUT never rises above what it truly is ; a woman-in-peril TV movie of the week -LRB- circa 1974 -RRB- that probably would have starred Elizabeth Montgomery . -LRB- Although Liz would have given a more compelling portrayal and probably would have nixed squeaky voiced Lukas Haas as the chief baddie . Haas is not so much threatening as he is irritating . -RRB- The film is not even unintentionally funny . But there are plenty of eye-rolling moments ... On Christmas Eve , Basinger leaves her two darling twinsies at home with her abusive husband while she goes out to get wrapping paper at the mall . On the way , she realizes that her cell phone is dying and she 's neglected to bring the charger with her . Naturally , once at the over-crowded mall parking lot , she leaves an insulting note on the windshield of a car that is taking up two spaces . This turns out to be one really stupid move - in a film dedicated to stupid moves - because the car belongs to a melting pot of amatuer thugs who are out for trouble . Things go from bad to worse for our poor stupid -LRB- albeit plucky -RRB- heroine , and she finds that she is forced to defend herself -LRB- rather nastily -RRB- with nothing but her trusty red toolbox.While the toolbox element sounds fairly compelling , amazingly , nothing that follows elicits any true scares -LRB- or even any unintended chuckles -RRB- - just groans . At one point , Basinger is seen standing in a brook in the middle of the woods repeating `` I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . '' and you get the distinct feeling the apology is to the viewer and not to the last two bad guys that she dispatched . And the baddies really are horribly bad at being bad . They probably would have a difficult time against a blind nun.The film is not just inept , it 's terrible . The 86 minute running time seems interminable . -LRB- Most of it seems like filler . -RRB- Perhaps this should have been a 22 minute segment in some horror anthology . -LRB- One of the lesser segments to be sure , but at least short enough to forget after you 've hopefully gone on to a better one . -RRB- As to the spectacular `` surprise '' ending , we defy anyone not to have it figured out long before Basinger gets to the mall .
 Although `` While She Was Out '' boasts an original twist or two , you 've basically seen it many , many times before . It 's the one about the passive woman facing a threat so monstrous that she reaches down into her core and finds a transformative strength and rage she never knew she possessed . Think Jennifer Lopez in `` Enough '' , Olivia de Havilland in `` Lady in a Cage '' , Nicole Kidman in `` Dead Calm '' , Debbie Reynolds in `` Singin ' in the Rain '' . -LRB- Just kidding on that last one . -RRB- This time , Kim Basinger is the lady . An abused wife and mother , she goes to the mall on Christmas Eve , and leaves a note on a car taking up two spaces in a crowded lot . Predictably , the car belongs to a gang of four psychopathic toughs who kill the mall cop that comes to her rescue . She manages to escape in her vehicle , but wrecks it in a new property development surrounded by woods , and flees into the forest with her trusty tool box , the murderous gang hot on her heels.All this might be kind of silly fun , except the screenplay asks the audience to stretch belief beyond the breaking point . Despite the enormity of the forest at night , the gang tracks her down by -LRB- no , I 'm not making this up -RRB- picking up the lingering scent of her perfume and sweat in the air , by tracking little droplets of her blood , by shining their flashlight in just the right spot while she 's standing in the open . Of course , she helps them out by whimpering and thrashing through the forest with as much noise as possible . Plus , she stands in the middle of a shallow stream and screams at the top of her lungs , `` God ! Where are you God ?!! '' ... hardly a smart thing to do if you 're trying to avoid detection.That the movie is even watchable is attributable to a fairly engaging performance by Kim Basinger as the lady in distress -LRB- she also co-produced -RRB- and a valiant effort by Lukas Haas as the leader of the gang . Haas has some of the worst dialogue ever written , and he almost ... almost ... manages to make it sound credible . There is also a wonderful payoff in the final shot of the film , and so it ends on an intriguing note . Unfortunately , these credits do n't nearly begin to make up for the film 's obvious detriments , and so I ca n't recommend a purchase . Rent it if you 're a Basinger or Haas fan ; otherwise , you might want to skip this one altogether .
 first off , i guess kim was happy that she had the stuff for her `` mechanic 's class '' with her and not the stuff for her french class - that would not have helped . a group of four well-balanced thugs -LRB- one black , one white , one asian and one hispanic -RRB- kill a mall cop in front of kim while harrassing her and that leads to ... . well a lot of dumb dialogue and tripping through the woods . kim uses her tools and pent-up anger at her husband to pick them off one minority at a time . since we all know from murder one that is the movie , we just wait for the murder between scenes of falling , tripping , and swearing for each little thug to get it . the so-called surpise ending is about as anticpated and unexpected as christmas carols at christmas .
 -LSB- ALERT
 Why did Kim Basinger make this movie?That 's all I could think of while watching this hugely disappointing movie . Crude and brutal though at moments of action and dialogue , there 's also strong man-hating theme . Was this the attraction for Ms Basinger?The characters are poorly written and their motivations are obscure.In the very beginning , Basinger 's character seems -- very clearly -- mentally unwell . But she is also verbally and kind-of physically abused by her understandably frustrated husband . Is Basinger 's character supposed to be on medication ? She seems to be in a stupor at the start of the movie . Or does she sit around the messy house all day drinking ? Something 's not right . But it 's Christmas Eve . So she goes out to buy wrapping paper and encounters some murderous thugs . The thugs are ethnically diverse.There 's no subtext here and the movie does not deliver the visceral thrills that demented fans -LRB- not me -RRB- of slasher films apparently crave.A sad exercise in hostility . It wo n't make your holidays brighter -LRB- I guess it 's a Christmas movie -RRB- . Side step this one.NOTE
 `` While She Was Out '' tells the familiar story of an ordinary woman pushed to extraordinary lengths to survive an ordeal no one suspects she will live through . An improbable thriller , `` Out '' presents Kim Basinger as a put-upon housewife who encounters a murderous group of meanies on Christmas Eve . Basinger starts out as such a dishrag to her abusive husband , we hope to see her emerge a strong and resilient heroine as she is isolated and pursued throughout the night . One by one , she confronts her attackers and succeeds ! The theme of female empowerment through murder is n't a new idea -- but one that has a certain appeal . However , `` While She Was Out '' does n't employ the device particularly well . No real intelligence or creativity is employed by Basinger -- she 's more lucky than good . And that 's unfortunate , because this might have been a nifty little thriller.The one thing I was certain of throughout the film was that we were preparing for a knock-out ending . As Basinger took the reins of her own life on this fateful night -- how might this change her home life ? The earlier scenes are played so over-the-top , the exciting and liberating set-up can be seen a mile away . However , the resolution is so tired , so expected , and so thoroughly underwhelming -- it truly removed the last bit of goodwill I had for this picture.The saddest thing of all about `` While She Was Out '' is how much I wanted to like it . The image of Basinger clutching a red toolbox on the DVD cover is priceless . The description , as well , is mint -- they should have paid the copywriter big ! It sure sounds like a sure fire guilty pleasure ! Add Guillermo del Toro of the impeccable `` Pan 's Labyrinth '' as a producer , and that just raises expectations even more . But the film really lacks sensibility and surprise -LRB- I loved the ridiculous images of Christmas Eve at the mall where women were busy buying sexy lingerie and getting their hair done minutes before the bustling building becomes a ghost town -RRB- . On several occasions , I recalled Basinger in an equally ludicrous thriller `` Cellular . '' But that film works despite its shortcomings due to characters to root for -- and if that Kim Basinger were in this film , maybe things would have turned out differently . KGHarris , 04/09 .
 Some actors must have contracts with the studio to just act in films and fill roles no matter what the story , plot , etc. . This was obviously one of those films . Kim Basinger is a great actress but even her decent acting could not save this way below par film . The story was redundant and the plot was predictable . I 'll be tossing this one for sure .
 `` While She Was Out '' tells the familiar story of an ordinary woman pushed to extraordinary lengths to survive an ordeal no one suspects she will live through . An improbable thriller , `` Out '' presents Kim Basinger as a put-upon housewife who encounters a murderous group of meanies on Christmas Eve . Basinger starts out as such a dishrag to her abusive husband , we hope to see her emerge a strong and resilient heroine as she is isolated and pursued throughout the night . One by one , she confronts her attackers and succeeds ! The theme of female empowerment through murder is n't a new idea -- but one that has a certain appeal . However , `` While She Was Out '' does n't employ the device particularly well . No real intelligence or creativity is employed by Basinger -- she 's more lucky than good . And that 's unfortunate , because this might have been a nifty little thriller.The one thing I was certain of throughout the film was that we were preparing for a knock-out ending . As Basinger took the reins of her own life on this fateful night -- how might this change her home life ? The earlier scenes are played so over-the-top , the exciting and liberating set-up can be seen a mile away . However , the resolution is so tired , so expected , and so thoroughly underwhelming -- it truly removed the last bit of goodwill I had for this picture.The saddest thing of all about `` While She Was Out '' is how much I wanted to like it . The image of Basinger clutching a red toolbox on the DVD cover is priceless . The description , as well , is mint -- they should have paid the copywriter big ! It sure sounds like a sure fire guilty pleasure ! Add Guillermo del Toro of the impeccable `` Pan 's Labyrinth '' as a producer , and that just raises expectations even more . But the film really lacks sensibility and surprise -LRB- I loved the ridiculous images of Christmas Eve at the mall where women were busy buying sexy lingerie and getting their hair done minutes before the bustling building becomes a ghost town -RRB- . On several occasions , I recalled Basinger in an equally ludicrous thriller `` Cellular . '' But that film works despite its shortcomings due to characters to root for -- and if that Kim Basinger were in this film , maybe things would have turned out differently . KGHarris , 04/09 .
 Do n't be fooled by Guillermo Del Toro 's name as a producer on this film ... Kim Basinger , Lukas Haas and Craig Sheffer all collect an undeserved paycheck in the straight-to-DVD exploitation revenge flick `` While She Was Out '' . Basinger plays a -LRB- somewhat past-her-prime -RRB- upper-middle-class trophy wife who , along with her beloved two children , is stuck in an abusive marriage to a cretinous loser of an alcoholic husband -LRB- a forgettable Craig Sheffer -RRB- . After yet another round of domestic violence with her drunk hubby , Basinger takes off from her gated community digs and decides to clear her head by getting a little Christmas shopping done at the local mall . While there , she happens upon an ethnically-diverse group of particularly stupid teen mall thugs -LRB- led by a completely unconvincing Lukas Haas -RRB- , who thereafter proceed to chase and terrorize Basinger until she is finally driven to fight back.Sub-standard entry in the revenge film genre is good for one or two unintentional snickers and not much more . The film alternates between being tedious -LRB- the film is essentially one long , badly-paced chase sequence -RRB- ; ludicrous -LRB- somehow when stranded in a huge forest at night with her assailants , Basinger just ca n't seem to escape , no matter how fast she runs , no matter how much lead time she has over them ... meanwhile , the bad guys , completely unfamiliar with their pitch-black surroundings and armed only with a flash light , always seem to know the general direction she is going , and never get lost while walking slowly after her -RRB- ; and cartoonishly , gratuitously violent -LRB- watch long , close-up money shots of assorted car tools explicitly pummeling and piercing flesh -RRB- . Basinger -LRB- still looking quite beautiful after all these years -RRB- tries her best , as she yelps and quivers convincingly enough , but it 's all for naught , as the film is dismal on pretty much every level.Even those who wholeheartedly enjoy revenge and torture porn flicks will find their patience tested with this one . What initially starts out as intriguing quickly steers into borderline camp -LRB- check out the scene where Basinger 's character runs into an old friend at the mall -RRB- before eventually becoming a flat-out bore , thanks to perfunctory direction , cliched plotting , embarrassing dialogue and dull , cardboard characters . Those hearty viewers that manage to stay awake for the silly `` surprise '' ending of `` While She Was Out '' will be rewarded with a newfound respect for Charles Bronson 's `` Death Wish '' series.Need I say it ? Skip this film ... even as a rental .
 This is just dreadful . I used to like Kim Basinger . Perhaps this is another example of women over a certain age in Hollywood not getting offered good parts . This one is about as bad as it gets . First she starts out with a husband who is abusive and then when she goes Christmas shopping , escaping him for the evening , she gets attacked by three abusive young men and flees from them . That is pretty much the whole arc of the movie.There was a time when she was the leading lady for Sam Shepard , Michael Keaton , Alec Baldwin and Richard Gere . This movie is a far fall from those heady days . Do n't bother .
 WHILE SHE WAS OUT is a horror film with pretensions to serious `` meaning . '' It is based on a horror short story of the same name by Edward Bryant , a respected writer of science fiction and mysteries . Here is a short excerpt from his story , taken from an online marketing blurb : The lights , bright and blinding , blasted against her mirrors.Della stamped the accelerator to the floor.This was crazy ! This did n't happen to people -- not to real people.The mall security man 's blood in the snow had been real enough.In the rearview , there was a sudden flash just above the left-side headlight , then another.It was a muzzle-blast , Della realized . They were shooting at her.Let us agree that we 're not dealing with fiction that competes with Steinbeck 's or Faulkner 's or Hemingway 's best stuff . This is junk-food fiction , and in some moods this is exactly the sort of thing many of us enjoy relaxing with . But we do n't kid ourselves.In the film , Kim Basinger plays Della , a mother who needs to buy more wrapping paper for her twins ' presents on Christmas Eve , Craig Sheffer plays her husband , who suddenly becomes abusive towards her when his business is going bad , and Lukas Haas plays the leader of small gang of punks who decide they will rape and murder her because she dissed their ability to park their car properly at a mall.The DVD 's hardcase gives a semi-accurate summary that might be construed as a spoiler
 In which a mousey housewife becomes a ninja fighting machine , Kim Basinger stars and executive produces -LRB- Guillermo Del Toro is also among the EP listings -RRB- `` While She Was Out . '' Basinger is Della , who starts the film being berated and borderline physically abused by her yuppie scum of a husband . It 's almost Christmas , and Della needs to get away from Yuppie Jerk and into the Christmas Spirit . She hits the mall , buys some wrapping paper , and gets to watch a murder.Leaping into her car faster than eight tiny reindeer , Della is pursued from the mall by a bunch of Gap Thugs , led by Chucky -LRB- Lucas Haas -RRB- . The gang is PC perfect , with one Asian , one African American and one Hispanic following Boss Chucky into their jalopy and after Della . After a almost painfully tepid start , they all crash in an empty construction development , and the chase is on . Up till now , Della has been in a near stupor , but she manages to grab a toolbox and become one killer cougar . Even with a four-against-one scenario and a rainstorm darkness , Della manages to pick off her attackers one by one in fullToolbox Murdergore.The problem is , nothing here at all works to logic . The sex scene is howlingly bad , the tire iron kill is laughable , and despite the fact that they are lost in the woods , the gang never seems to lose track of Della , nor does she ever manage to get away , no matter how hard she runs . Once the excruciatingly slow start has moved to the woods and housing development , `` While She Was Out '' turns into a grinding dull cat and mouse game that will soon have you pressing down the fast forward button on your remote in hopes that something new happens.Trust me , it wo n't . `` While She Was Out '' ca n't even rise above generic , and is saved from a single star because Bassinger is good enough an actress to watch even a clunker like this . But you want to see her act ? Go findL.A . ConfidentialorBatman . Or evenCellular , which at least beats this movie for actual suspense .
 Kim Basinger stars and produces in `` While She Was Out '' . She plays a suburban housewife married to an abusive jerk who needs to go out on Christmas Eve for a few last minute items . When she arrives , the mall is extremely crowded but somewhow after buying a few things and glimpsing a nighty , the mall is a ghost town when she leaves -LRB- no comment -RRB- . She is harrassed by 4 moronic thugs who then murder a security guard who comes to her rescue . From there , the second half of the movie takes to the woods where the thugs chase her and shoot at her and utter some really stupid dialogue and curse a lot.Basinger 's performance is fine and there is a little bit of suspense in the woods but there 's not much else going for it . The other characters are silly and asinine . It reminds me a little of `` Blair Witch Project '' with a lot of the time spent in the woods in the dark fumbling around for a plot . 2 stars is as high as I could give this one .
 To put it all in context , Kim Basinger was a Bond girl - next to Sean Connery no less - so to nearly pull off a role as a thirty something upper middleclass housewife at her present age is in itself somewhat impressive ... but I did say somewhat . No matter the analytical approach chosen , this movie is a mess , from the set-up of her interpersonal interactions to the attempts at an ironical conclusion . There are clear instances of domestic abuse and issues with self-awareness and self-actualization . There 's obvious depression and a bit later catharsis . There 's excessive consumerism and self-absorption , not to mention a trip down the road to post-racial convergences for single-minded purposes of mayhem . There 's slash and bash but not nearly enough to satiate viewers who really appreciate cheesy B flicks of that genre . Yet , what ultimately overshadows is abject inanity.Maybe I 've been off on a misdirected tangent myself recently because what I found most interesting were the infusions of unintentional humor and I 'm not talking about the absolutely banal dialogue when the actors were given anything to say but rather how four twenty something non-refundable disposable entities could be alternately obtuse , oblivious or oafish , with incompetency serving as the one unifying trait amongst them . That and the religious symbolism and there is a lot of it - ritual cleansing , mysticism , barbed wire -LRB- it 's hard to find a crown of thorns in the middle of a partially constructed housing sub-division -RRB- , impaling with a tire iron cross . Basinger even wades into a babbling brook as she cries out in desperation to the higher powers she thinks have forsaken her.Not confidentially since I am writing a review , one should never say never but my cool world obsession with managing to get a blind date with Vicky Vale has lasted far longer than 9 weeks but it is time to getaway even if I have to walk 8 miles to do it . Naturally , in the final analysis , IMO watching this movie on your cellular or any other media device would a tremendous waste of time but fortunately mercifully brief .
 Unfortunately , this turned out to be less than what i had hoped . I * loved * Kim Basinger in LA Confidential , so thought I 'd give this a whirl . Unfortunately , for the most part , this movie is your typical woman witnesses crime and baddies hunt her down and try to get her . I like more psychological thrillers that are more cat-and-mouse , one opponent cleverly outsmarting the other type movies . This movie was n't that . And aside from Ms. Basinger , who was good , and one scene by Lukas Haas , the acting -LRB- or perhaps it was the script ? -RRB- was not very good . All those problems aside , the movie does have one excellent scene between Basinger and Haas , and a better ending than I would have expected .
 If I 'm going to be honest with you ; through out While She was Out 's quick run time -LRB- a hundred minutes with a twenty minute opening where hero Della gets yelled at by her husband then shops at the mall on Christmas Eve -RRB- there was one problem with the movie kept me from unfortunately enjoying it in its entireity . Now it sets up an alright premise , like last years Eden Lake where a lead character is pursued through a remote location by villains . Like that film unfortunately this film suffered through the same problem that the villains are too cliche , overexaggerated in their just evil ways . All of the suspense the movie builds all the ideas of female empowerment ended up not really working for this one simple problem unfortunately as the suspense element of the movie is decidedly average at best.About the only thing I suppose I could say in the movies favor is the setting of the building site and dark woods . Its nothing spectacular but the tall dark woods as photographed by Steve Gainer are beautiful and eerie with quiet non-descript lighting.Unfortunately this one positive does not make up for bad performances and a dry story.If you do like the movie at least the DVD is alright with image quality and sound that serves the film nicely . Other than that you have a short making of , a trailer and two t.v. spots .
 I remember seeing the trailer for this film sometime last year . I thought it looked a little cheesy but would make for an entertaining rental . Well I don ; t know if this film was ever released in theaters but if it was I never saw one commercial for it . And after seeing the film I can understand why.The films stars Kim Basinger as a housewife and mother who decides to go out to the mall on a rainy Christmas Eve night just to purchase wrapping paper . While leaving the mall she is confronted by a stereotypical , multicultural gang of toughs led by , of all people , Lukas Haas . That was about the point I knew this film was going to be bad . Touch and menacing are not words I would use to describe Lukas Haas . He is probably one of the last people in Hollywood I would have cast as a leader of a gang.The films turns into the usual woman trying to survive the night thriller/horror film , and this film does it with lots of violence . I guess the excessive violence is meant to distract us from the horrible acting . And the acting in this film is awful . I believe a lot of the blame falls on whomever wrote the script . The actors can only work with what they are given . But that does not explain the presence of Kim Basinger in this film . At one time she was a bright and talented actress who won a much deserved Oscar for her role in LA Confidential . I know she has not done much since her publicized divorce from Alec Baldwin , but I can only wonder what was going throgh her head when she chose to make this film . Maybe the concept sounded more appealing when it was originally pitched to her.In the end I believe that with better writing and some better casting this film could have been a lot better than the film that ended up on this DVD . As for the DVD itself there is not much in the way of extras . You get the original movie trailer , 2 TV spots -LRB- which I never saw on telelvison -RRB- , a making of feature , and the obligatory commentary by the director and the producer.If this review has not turned you away from this film , I can only say give it a rental , rather than a purchase , and see what could possibly be the beginning of the end of Kim Basinger 's career . I gave the film 2 out of 5 only for the suspense the film brought and I am a glutton for punishment . Also in the end , Kim Basinger does put her heart into the role and does the best she can with what she was given .
 Wow . Where do I begin ? If you wonder why I gave this movie two stars it 's only because I am a big Kim Basinger fan and I like Lukas Haas too . Everything else deserves less than one star but I decided to be generous . This was one of the most ridiculous so-called thrillers I 've ever seen in my life . It was n't crafty . It was n't clever . It was n't mysterious , and the only thing frightening was that someone actually thought this needed to be a movie . Why inflict such pain on the innocent movie lovers of the world?We start off with Della -LRB- Basinger -RRB- who is supposed to be an abused wife . The only evidence of this we see is her husband -LRB- Craig Scheffer , why he 's still getting parts I have no idea -RRB- , yelling at Della about cleaning up the house . He jacks her up and this is supposed to convince us that Della is a battered wife . Please . So Della goes out on Christmas Eve to get some wrapping paper and all hell breaks lose . And I mean for the audience as well because the film goes downhill with every turn to the point where you 'd wish she 'd just go back to the house and call it a night so we can go on with our lives.During her outing , Della is confronted by four thugs . She 's left a note on their car about them taking up two parking spaces . This was the biggest question mark to me in the whole movie . HOW THE HELL DID THEY KNOW DELLA WAS THE ONE WHO LEFT THE NOTE ? No one was in the car when she left it ! Yet these guys knew it was her ? Come on ! This group who I nicknamed the Mickey Mouse club because they were about as intimidating as four little girls fighting over a Barbie doll , decides to teach Della a lesson . Lukas Haas -LRB- who I ca n't believe would even think of being in this mess -RRB- plays Chuckie the so-called leader of this `` gang '' . Please . Chuckie is aided by an Asian gangmember , a black gangmember , and a Hispanic gangmember . Yes it 's the Junior United Nations . This was the most unrealistic part of the film . Not only was it laughable to believe all of these guys were supposed to be tough , but you mean you have a black and a Hispanic in the group and the white dude is the leader ? On top of that I could n't figure out why Chuckie who is thirty years old is hanging around these `` kids '' or are we supposed to believe that Haas is a teen ? If so I would n't be surprised with the BS we were forced to believe in this film.So after Della witnesses this crew killing a security guard she 's thrust into fighting for her life . The movie turns into a bad replica of Judgment Night except this film is n't even in that movie 's league . The gang chases Della through the woods . Yeah the woods . She 's in the Inner city one minute and five minutes later she is in the woods ? Okay.This movie was horrible ! We 're supposed to buy Della as being smart but she does the dumbest things . Instead of using every opportunity to get away from the four dummies , she sits around and listens in on their extremely loud conversations . She takes time to reminisce about her kids , even pees , anything instead of getting her butt outta dodge ! The smart thing for Della to have done would have been to hide somewhere and wait for daylight . It was the woods ! No way they 'd find her but no , she runs around in the woods as loud as she can . What was so pitiful was how it did not matter how long Della took off before the dummies found out she was gone , she always ended up in their sights . And it 's hard to believe that Della could n't get away from the idiots seeing how Chuckie can light up the entire woods with his flashlight and he yells her name every two minutes . Obviously Della is dumber than we think because she gets warning after warning that the dummies are close to her , yet never gets away.The beginning was boring . The middle was horrid and the end makes you wan na contemplate the cast 's murder or your own suicide . We have to sit through a very bad monologue by Chuckie -LRB- I assume to show us his good side , as if we care -RRB- . Chuckie decides to use his charms to persuade Della to come out of hiding . Oh yes that 's the big thing ! Instead of Della getting her butt out of the woods while Chuckie 's talking , she 's sitting behind a tree trunk , listening ! She 's listening instead of using this as a time to get away . After Chuckie 's hour-long speech , he comes onto Della and by our disgust , Della decides to seduce Chuckie and from that point on I 'm convinced this movie was a comedy the entire time . It 's so unbelievable with Della and Chuckie that you wonder if the film is actually trying to overlook the fact that Basinger is thirty years older than Haas and old enough to be his mother . Yet while they are kissing and fondling , it 's like the filmmakers want us to forget how it 's so unbelievable that these two would go down this route . It did n't make any sense . The ending alone delivered more laughs than a Saturday Night Live episode . After that you spend your time pulling out your toenails with pliers , hoping it ends soon and finally it does.I 'd give it five stars if it were a comedy . Unfortunately it was n't .
 In `` While She Was Out '' Kim Basinger plays Della , a timid upper-class housewife who is terrorized by four thugs on the Christmas Eve . The film 's premise sounds promising , but those who are looking for a solid B-thriller like `` Cellular '' -LRB- starring Basinger -RRB- will be disappointed because `` While She Was Out '' is about as thrilling as watching paint dry . Frankly I do n't know what this film is all about.As I said , Kim Basinger 's character is threatened and chased by a gang of four ethnically diverse thugs . The gang 's leader is `` Chuckie '' -LRB- Lukas Haas -RRB- and Chuckie gets more than he bargained for when he and other gangsters corner her in the house construction site . The ineptness and incompetency of the hunters and the hunted alike are amazing , sometimes -LRB- but not often enough -RRB- providing some unintentional laughter . All I can say is , a red toolbox comes in handy when you are in trouble.Craig Sheffer plays Della 's bullying husband , a thankless role which exists for one purpose only - to show the psychological `` change '' of the heroine . While watching this film , I actually tried to find a subtext or symbolism behind the script of this terribly banal thriller . Sorry , but I could n't find one.To me the most intriguing part of the film is that the number of producers exceeds 10 , and that one of them happens to be Guillermo del Toro . How come the director of `` Pan 's Labyrinth '' and `` Hellboy '' got involved in this project may be more interesting than the film itself .
 This direct to video film can only be described as a regrettable film choice for a once Hollywood heavyweight . Kim Basinger plays a housewife who is terrorized by a pack of young thugs while doing some Christmas shopping . What follows is a game of cat and mouse as Basinger must outwit and escape her would-be assailants . While there was a possibility for some semblance of compelling storytelling here , the execution is simply disjointed . Basinger tries her best to play the innocent victim but her attackers are anything but credible as threats . After all , Lukas Haas plays the leader of the group . A child actor who , even as an adult , still has a baby face and simply can not convey the menacing qualities needed to hold the driving force of the thinly veiled plot together . Much of the film is riddled with nonsensical scenes but Basinger 's steadfast commitment to play the role straight almost makes this worthy of a rental . Ultimately , though , nothing can salvage this film from being anything other than a forgettable effort .
 Kim Basinger was a great Hollywood beauty and talented actress . In this film she plays an abused wife who becomes a victim of young thugs -- inciting them by leaving a nasty note beneath their car 's window wipers . They intend to gang rape her and then kill her and the movie is about how she handles this situation.As others have noted , the plot was predictable and it is indeed sad to watch such a talented actress -LRB- and still attractive woman -RRB- reduced to such roles . One can only wonder if the personal abuse she suffered in her well-publicized bitter marriage motivated her to accept this role and act out abused victim-turned-revenged .
 55 yr old kim basinger being chased by `` bad ass '' lukas haas and his cronies thru the woods . she ambushes them all rambo-style plunging tire irons thru their eyeballs , a giant knitting needle thru the eardrum , etc. then she has sex with haas at the end after the others are dead , only to pull out a flare and try to shove it in his mouth . it is absolutely hysterical . boy Alec mustve really destroyed her self esteem for her to be in this crap.Some of the things you will learn from watching this movie ... 1 . even lukas haas seems imposing when hes flanked by 2 puerto ricans and a black .2 . if youre a hot chick and the killer is about to shoot you ... diffuse the whole situation by having sex with him .3 . even 55 yr old kim basinger can outrun 4 young thugs while carrying a toolbox
 When I saw the price of $ 6.99 for a blu-ray movie I thought how bad could it be ? Well I found out . Everything about this movie was terrible ! Save your money for a burger or something .
 THIS BLUE RAY DISC HAS NO SUBTITLES , THE FIRST ONE THAT I HAVE ENCOUNTERED THAT DID NOT . IF YOU ARE HARD OF HEARING AS I AM , IT WILL BE WORTHLESS TO YOU . I CAN NOT WATCH IT , SO INTO THE TRASH IT GOES , WHERE IT BELONGS .
 I have no other explanation as to why Kim Basinger would have otherwise agreed to participate in this waste of film stock.The plot is very simple . Kim plays a mother of twins and is married to a loud-mouthed , abusive stock broker . On Christmas Eve she must go to the local shopping center to pick up some gift wrapping paper . Her children are understandably excited about the imminent arrival of Santa . You might expect that she would want to find her wrapping paper and return home as soon as possible . You would be wrong . Apparently her husband 's brutish behavior has upset her to the point that she leaves home without telling anyone where she is going and then tries to ask a friend to meet her for a drink . Although he is unsuccessful in setting up this meeting , she does spend a lot of screen time driving through the parking lot trying to find a parking spot . Her efforts are complicated by the actions of an unknown driver who has decided to take up two parking spaces with his large car.After finally locating a parking spot in a nearby garage does she rush into the mall to complete her task and return home to her children ? No , she takes the time to write a note of complaint to the driver of the car taking up two spaces first . Then she enters the mall , browses for nightwear , has some tea , spends time chatting with an old high school acquaintance , and finally buys her wrapping paper . When she returns to her car she is confronted by the driver of the vehicle for whom she had left the note . Apparently the screenwriter and/or casting director felt it would interesting for these punks to be representative of several ethnic groups , White Trash , Black , Hispanic , and Asian . A security guard approaches and tries to provide her with some assistance . Unfortunately for him , the ringleader of this band of losers shoots him . Even though the parking lot and the mall had been jammed with shoppers before , for some reason , there were no other witnesses to this shooting other than our poor heroine.The remainder of the film is basically one long extended chase scene in which Kim flees from her vehicle which she has wrecked in a construction site , all the while being chased by the band of hoodlums . Fortunately she had the foresight before leaving her vehicle to retrieve a red metal toolbox containing various tools to use as potential weapons that she carries with her while being chased through the woods . Even though we can hear virtually every footstep that she takes through the brush , none of the tools inside of this metal toolbox make a sound while she swings it at her side as she runs for her life.As in most films of this ilk there are the usual occasions where you 'll scratch your head over the actions of the person being chased . For example , if the pursuers decide to take a break to dance around nonsensically in a tribute to one of their fallen comrades , would n't that be a good time for the person being pursued to try to get farther away from them ? When you have several persons chasing you who have an uncanny ability to track your movements through the woods on a dark night its probably not the best time to take a time out from your running to gaze at a picture drawn by one of your children.I remember when Kim Basinger made interesting movies such as L.A. Confidential , Final Analysis , The Getaway , and even 91/2 Weeks . This is n't one of them . Just because I sat through it is no reason that you should .
 Kim Basinger is an Academy-Award winning actress ! I ca n't believe she was in this movie . OK , it was n't as terrible as you may think and her character is n't horrible - but the plot is just dumb . Basically , this abused housewife goes to get wrapping paper at a mall during Christmas time - takes a parking place and is then followed and tortured for an hour by a group of thugs . I do n't know if it was a metaphor for how she felt in her life -LRB- being abused by her husband and getting to fight back finally ... -RRB- I could n't understand why Basinger chose to do this ! It did n't even seem like a really good `` acting '' piece . Maybe she just wanted to do a thriller , who knows . I would n't recommend it .
 Do the people who made `` While She was Out '' even watch movies ? If they did , they 'd know that revenge films require two things
 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen in a long time . It 's so bad -- and not in a campy , funny `` Xanadu '' way . Poor Kim Basinger -- what happened to her once promising career ? It 's very sad to see her do a horrible film like this . Then there 's the little boy from `` Witness '' , Lukas Haas , who 's now all grown up and in the same boat as Basinger . So what 's `` While She Was Out '' all about ? First , I must say it 's a really bad title for a film , but I guess they could n't come up with anything better . Basinger plays Della , a suburban housewife who is verbally abused by her nasty husband -LRB- played by `` One Tree Hill 's '' Craig Sheffer in a thankless role -RRB- . After we see a cruel scene between the `` happy '' couple , Basinger goes out on Christmas Eve to get some more wrapping paper at a mall , and she meets up with Haas and his three henchmen in the parking lot . He ends up killing a security guard and then chases Kim into some woods , where she finally stands up for herself and begins to eliminate the bad guys with tools from a toolbox she 's carrying around . The violence is quite bloody and gruesome , and the final scene between Basinger and Haas is bizarre and unbelievable . I do n't recommend this flick to anyone -- especially if you 're a Basinger fan . It 's a repulsive , unpleasant 86 minutes , and you will regret wasting your time .
 `` While She Was Out '' is a predictable spin on the vigilante thriller . Della -LRB- Kim Basinger -RRB- lives in a gated community and is a devoted mom married to an abusive , former jock -LRB- Craig Sheffer -RRB- . She has the appearance of a delicate -- even fragile -- creature , incapable of inflicting harm on others . But that changes after she is accosted by a gang of thugs while doing some last-minute Christmas shopping . Their leader , Chuckie -LRB- Lukas Haas -RRB- , is clearly a sociopath itching to cause some serious pain . The lone Della must defend herself for her very survival as she improvises defenses with garage tools and ingenuity . Basinger is good and elicits a degree of sympathy , but when things start looking awfully familiar , that sympathy dissipates . The film is rated R.Bonus extras include audio commentary with writer/director Susan Montford , a making-of featurette , and theatrical trailer .
 I like Kim Basinger , but this movie ? I 'm sorry . The story does n't really make sense , the message are totally wrong and dark . The acting is so so ... . the thriller is even lamer than you could imagine . It 's so predictable and what 's the point of this movie again ? thriller ? moral message ? I ca n't find anything interesting in this movie -LRB- which I kept hoping that it will come soon -RRB- . I fast forward 2x most of the film because it 's way too slow just to tell this story . Do n't even bother wasting your time and money to try watching or even renting it .
 While She Was Out could have been really good , but there just was n't much plot or character development . It 's only 80 minutes long and consists mainly of Kim Basinger -LRB- maybe the best looking 55 year old woman I 've seen -RRB- running around in the woods and taking out the bad guys using a few tools from her trusty tool box . It 's more of a suspense movie , but one kill is straight out of a horror flick . The acting by the villains was n't intimidating at all , but Kim Basinger does fairly decent given the material . I did n't see the last shot of the film coming , but it is still a weak mess as a whole . You might want to check out a similar movie called Eden Lake -LRB- except the killers are young teens -RRB- , which is better made and features much better acting .
 The Bruce Campbell interview was fun . It was interesting seeing him out of the `` hollywood '' area . I thought he might be in one of the films but , the short movies were mostly by unknows , which brings us full circle ... I remember when BC was a unknown , and come to think of it , him is still a B level movie star ... which is ok with us .
 THIS MOVIE WAS SO LAME I WAS ALL LIKE DIS WAS LAME . I CAN NOT BELIEVE THAT THIS WAS A MOVIE . I MUCH RATHER NOT WATCH ANYTHING THEN WATCH THIS . I GIVE THIS MOVIE TWO METEORITES DOWN . WAAAAAAAAAAAY DOWN . If you want to see something with substance go see NOT THIS .
 As a fan of Jessica Simpson since her 1st single , I have to say that I am completely disappointed w / this one & I 'm surprised I stomached the entire film ! Sure , she did n't do too bad in Dukes or Employee of the Month . But having a lead role is n't something she should have tried to accomplish . The plot is a good concept , but poorly written & does n't seem to play out right . No one in this movie has any on screen chemistry what so ever . The lines are awful & have hardly an ounce of true emotion . It is just dead . The movie has no light . Jessica mainly makes strange noises & whines the entire movie , which gets annoying quite fast . Thank goodness I did n't buy this title & watched in online first ! Phew . Save yourself a couple of bucks . If you want to see it because your curious , find the leaked version online or rent it for much less money . Jessica , stick to singing . You 're much more accepted in that line of work . It takes a lot to disappoint a hardcore fan but ... wow .
 I have a habit of watching late night movies and I get these movies off of DVD bargain racks , mostly at Ross Stores . It 's an interesting thing to do and I 've seen some really fine movies , such as `` The Shawshank Redemption '' a couple nights ago . Last night 's movie was `` Blond Ambition . '' Well , it was at the other end of the spectrum
 The trailer tricked me into watching this . For the first half hour it was pretty cool , like how she falls into the hole with the bike and then just lies there having a conversation with the dude , but after that all personality , flavor , and attention to detail disappears leaving all characters and situations one-dimensional . Most scenes in the romantic plotline lack context and feel like re-enecatments from other movies . They actually use the `` romantic lead 1 sees romantic lead 2 hugging someone out of context and jumps to the wrong conclusion '' thing . The rest is like an episode of Ugly Betty with all the office scheming drama . A made-for-tv calibre product , or maybe it should more accurately just be considered a kids movie .
 There 's a reason this movie did n't get a wide theatrical release . Everybody has already seen it , a hundred times . There 's no new ideas in `` Blonde Ambition '' . And I do n't usually expect or demand that a movie should be innovative , but it 's hard for me to remember when I last saw a movie so full of clich&eacute;s.Jessica Simpson goes to New York to surprise her boyfriend . But the surprise is on her -LRB- certainly to the surprise of nobody in the audience -RRB- when she literally finds another woman in his bed . When helping her would-be-actress friend to deliver mail to some big company , the scheming female vice president of the company notices how stupid and easily manipulated she is and realizes she can use her to get the president thrown out and take his position . Meanwhile , she meets Ben who works in the mail room and fall in love with him.Simpson is miscast , looking much to plastic for an innocent small town girl , but the rest of the cast do their best with the material they 've been given . Andy Dick made me laugh a few times and Penny Marshall -LRB- aunt of the director -RRB- has a nice cameo towards the end . Other than this , the movie is watchable but no more than that .
 This movie was a waste of my time . I bought this movie since it had a cast of actors I like , but I wish I had read the reviews first . I watched it twice since I fell asleep when it was on the first time . The plot was boring and the acting was terrible . I love romantic comedies , but this movie was not funny or romantic . I did n't laugh once . In fact , I found myself rolling my eyes at how stupid the movie was . I would rather watch a made-for-tv movie on Lifetime or the Hallmark Channel any day . I wish I had never seen this movie .
 I thought critics were just picking on Jessica Simpson when `` Blonde Ambition '' was universally panned , but after -LRB- barely -RRB- sitting through this turkey , I conceded , and have to say this is one of the dumbest films I 've watched since `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? `` While Simpson 's performance is cringe-worthy , the blame is n't entirely her 's . The script , by John Cohen , Matthew Flanagan , and David McHugh , tries to combine elements of `` Working Girl '' and `` The Dukes of Hazard '' , with all the finesse of a bull in a china shop . ` Clever ' touches , like using Groucho Marx character names as clients , having co-star Rachael Leigh Cook -LRB- `` Josie and the Pussycats '' -RRB- audition for a non-musical version of `` Cats '' , and tossing in a cameo by Penny Marshall -LRB- complete with a reference to Milwaukee , the setting of `` Laverne and Shirley -RRB- are dumb , rather than funny . Add to this Scott Marshall 's ham-handed direction , and you have all the elements for a train wreck of a film.The sad thing is , some wonderful talent is wasted . Larry Miller manages to make the most out of a poorly-written role as Simpson 's boss , but Luke Wilson and Penelope Ann Miller -LRB- who both deserve better -RRB- are reduced to grinning and mugging , as the ` true love ' and ` villain ' . Willie Nelson and Drew Fuller are little more than window dressing ; only Andy Dick seems a perfect ` fit ' , as idiotic as the plot , itself!As for Jessica ... if `` Blonde Ambition '' is any indication , she 'd better stick to singing !
 I do not know what exactly I was thinking when I bought this . I thought maybe Luke Wilson or Rachael Leigh Cook would make this worthwhile . I was wrong . Jessica Simpson is the worst actress I have ever been unfortunate enough to watch . The movie tries really hard to be funny , but it just is n't . It 's kind of sad . It makes me kind of sad knowing I spent almost 25 dollars on this . Do n't waste your money . If you REALLY want to watch Jessica Simpson be unfunny and untalented , go rent Newlyweds on DVD .
 I WOULD RECOMMEND THAT YOU SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE ... IT DEFINITELY IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO A KEN BURNS DOCUMENTARY . THE QUALITY IS POOR/VOLUMN CONTROL WAS VIRTUALLY NON EXISTANT . FOUND MYSELF TURNING IT UP AND DOWN ALL THROUGH THE DVD . BUSSLER 'S UNFORM EVEN LOOKED PHONEY WITH HIS PLAID SHIRT ON UNDER IT ... JUST NOT A QUALITY PRODUCT ... . PERIOD !
 SHOT TO PIECES -LRB- 2002 -RRB- a very low budget direct to video biography docudrama similar in style to THE BEAST OF YUCCA FLATS of one William F. Bartlett who , a Union officer in the Civil War , managed to fight in the Battles of Ball 's Bluff , Yorktown , Port Hudson and the Crater leaving pieces of himself all over as he went along.Not bad . Not good . There .
 Nothing can match the book . It 's long , it has a lot of exposition , however , it 's Dostoyevsky ! Do n't miss the experience .
 Crime and P. is perhaps our earliest and most elaborate interior novel , equal to James Joyce 's Ulysses in this way , and written under equally incredibly severe conditions . Through it we enter the mind , heart and soul of a very complex and idealistic and intelligent and sensitive individual and share his every thought and understand his every desire and impulse.Thus , all is wrong in this BBC production . Physically Hurt looks far too old to play an idealistic and inexperienced university student , and appears like he would rather be playing K. in a remake of the Trial . Due to the lack of a narrative voice-over and the lack of a voice-over of his inner thoughts , he is left to walk around the exterior sets showing off his cute wardrobe and frowning , or to inhabit the rather barren and stagey interior sets , very artificially theatrically lit and adorned and posed with extras artificially chortling or philosophizing on cue . Hurt 's various frowns and squints and tightenings without voice-over leave us wondering how much he actually is suffering from fever , or hemorrhoids , or merely acute near sightedness . We are unable to hear his thoughts and thus follow his actions and reactions , whereas the novel fully informs us from the first sentence . Here , stripped to merely the physically visible , we find his actions inexplicable , impulsive and unconvincing , especially coming from such an apparently mature man.Meanwhile , as Hurt frowns , we see various other actors with varying degrees of talent and direction chewing the scenery with emotion and force and exagerrated make up and lighting and costuming , as if to make up for Hurt 's reticence . All in all , the severe production limitations placed upon Hurt leaves his character 's actions superficial and arbitrary at best , and do not carry the great moral and philosophical weight laid out in the novel . None of the actors are permitted to convince us , and the amateur BBC sets leave us even less convinced . The exteriors are picturesque romps only.Bottom line
 I just finished re-reading the book ; it is a masterpiece . I wish I could say the same for the BBC series . For one , the musical score is either absent or irritating . So much of what is compeling in the book goes on inside of the Characters . How about voice-overs or something else -LRB- music ? -RRB- ? Let the audience in on the torment and conflict of Raskolnikov -LRB- the main character -RRB- and interplay of the characters that is so powerful in the book . What I saw was an acceptable theatrical production on film . I 've written much more but it 's unfortunately been truncated . Simply read the book instead or view this and know that this pales before the book . This is a dreary protrayal .
 The acting is awful , the scenery offers nothing and it drags and drags so that I wound up just shutting it down and preparing it for an EBay sale . Save your money on this one .
 Why , oh why do you advertise the 1979 version of Crime & Punishment with John Hurt , using the pictures from the 2002 version starring the sublime John Simm . I would download the 2002 version all day , everyday but the misleading pictures are really unfair . Either offer me the version I want , or get the pictures right !
 This movie drove me crazy it was so bad . I literally wanted to bleach my eyeballs out after sitting through it . The best part of this movie was Angelina Jolie - end of story . She steals the screen in anything she does , but even she could n't save this steaming piece of crap . The plot is inexorably stupid . I guess if you 're a diehard AJ fan and feel like seeing some of her earlier work , you might only be slightly homicidal after seeing it .
 `` Mojave Moon '' is a zany story of just what can happen in the desert during a full moon . Recently retired , Al McCord has n't yet made peace with his new situation . The doldrums of his life are broken when he meets Ellie , an attractive young woman . After giving Ellie a ride into the Mojave Desert , an unlikely entanglement grows with the young woman 's mother . The mother 's unstable boyfriend soon complicates the situation . `` Mojave Moon '' has several issues . First , the writing is mediocre . The main characters are caricatures of themselves . Such a deliberate attempt is made to have the actors and actresses play the roles of rebellious teenager , sweet housewife , mean redneck and restless retiree that the characters become static stereotypes . In the end , there is almost no character development . Also , if the premise taps into the notion that people do weird things on the night of the full moon , why does the time frame span a week or so ? Whether it 's the dialogue , individual scenes or plot architecture , the writing is a drawback . The second issue is the acting . Granted , it can be hard to tell where lackluster writing ends and acting begins . The actors and actresses may have made the best of working within the limits of the script as interpreted by the director . It 's possible but unlikely . It seems that the primary reason this film remains in-print is so that fans of Angelina Jolie can enjoy one of her earlier roles . -LRB- Indeed , while she was almost unnoticeable on the original movie poster , the new DVD cover prominently features the actress . -RRB- As Ellie , Jolie plays a teenage vixen . While she 's as attractive as ever , Jolie 's acting in this role is garden variety . Given this work , most would have a hard time predicting that the twenty-one year old actress would eventually earn Golden Globes and even an Academy Award . Given the overall timbre of this movie , it 's hard to believe that it was released in 1996 as it has that silly feel of films from the early 1980s . `` Mojave Moon '' has merit but it should only be watched by the most curious Angelina Jolie fans .
 I rented this movie for the sheer fact that Angelina Jolie was in it . THIS MOVIE SUCKS . I 'm sorry for the vulgarity or bluntness of the comment , but that is my opinion , which is the encompassing purpose of these reviews . The movie was a terrible attempt at hitting into the challenging action/comedy genre , a feat only acheived by some , and mostly entirely missed by others . Now is when the reader may ask , why then does the reviewer give it TWO stars ? Why not one ? Why review at all ? The answer to this can be explained in two words , which then , through the transitive property in mathematics , would be the basic equivalent to two stars
 I absolutely love Angelina Jolie , so of course I will sit and watch anything if it means looking at her for two hours . I own this video and I do watch it , but not because its a great film . If you are looking to find a Good movie to watch then keep looking . If you are an Anjelina fan , then you probably allready own it anyway .
 I bought this movie cause I 'm a big fan of Angelina and it had to be part of my collection , but the truth is that if you 're not such a fan of her you 'll be wasting your time . The movie it 's pretty bad , it doesnt make much scence . The performances are not that bad , but the story its bad .
 One question ... WHAT THE HELL ????
 This film is one of those films that you watch and continue hoping to the last minute that it will get good , because throughout the film there are good moments , but in the end it is sadly , a flop . Danny Aiello is a good actor , so he makes his scenes believable , as does ann archer , but Angelina Jolie seems to be reading the lines right out of a script . A big flaw in this film is that throughout the movie it appears as if the characters are insane and crazy , only in the last few scenes all characters seem to suddenly turn boring and normal . This movie is not to be recommended . However if you do like this film or if you like the sort of mystical style , I recommend `` Arizona Dream '' which has similar qualities and in my opinion , is very good .
 I like this movie but this one I bought is bad . The talking is to fast for the movie . Waste of money , so its not the movies fault its the person I bought it from .
 `` Mojave Moon '' is a zany story of just what can happen in the desert during a full moon . Recently retired , Al McCord has n't yet made peace with his new situation . The doldrums of his life are broken when he meets Ellie , an attractive young woman . After giving Ellie a ride into the Mojave Desert , an unlikely entanglement grows with the young woman 's mother . The mother 's unstable boyfriend soon complicates the situation . `` Mojave Moon '' has several issues . First , the writing is mediocre . The main characters are caricatures of themselves . Such a deliberate attempt is made to have the actors and actresses play the roles of rebellious teenager , sweet housewife , mean redneck and restless retiree that the characters become static stereotypes . In the end , there is almost no character development . Also , if the premise taps into the notion that people do weird things on the night of the full moon , why does the time frame span a week or so ? Whether it 's the dialogue , individual scenes or plot architecture , the writing is a drawback . The second issue is the acting . Granted , it can be hard to tell where lackluster writing ends and acting begins . The actors and actresses may have made the best of working within the limits of the script as interpreted by the director . It 's possible but unlikely . In any case , the film has what may be the worst gun fight on film . It seems that the primary reason this film remains in-print is so that fans of Angelina Jolie can enjoy one of her earlier roles . -LRB- Indeed , while she was almost unnoticeable on the original movie poster , the new DVD cover prominently features the actress . -RRB- As Ellie , Jolie plays a teenage vixen . While she 's as attractive as ever , Jolie 's acting in this role is garden variety . Given this work , most would have a hard time predicting that the twenty-one year old actress would eventually earn Golden Globes and even an Academy Award . Given the overall timbre of this movie , it 's hard to believe that it was released in 1996 as it has that silly feel of films from the early 1980s . `` Mojave Moon '' has merit but it should only be watched by the most curious Angelina Jolie fans .
 It 's as if Sherwood Schwartz tried to make a David Lynch film.Lame script . No atmosphere . Bad acting.Nice knockers though.Get ` Wild at Heart ' instead .
 I give this movie 2 stars because of the actress and actor . Otherwise , crapy movie . I loved the song by Sharee Ford Payne `` Stay Awhile '' . I have been hunting it down ever since . With no luck .
 The acting was awful . I thought , it would have been more of a love story , by the still pics they showed . I would n't watch it again .
 It 's not even worth the rent . The fight scenes are not even decent . Using the same spot over and over again ? How 's that supposed to make for a good fight ? Could have been better ? Tons . For one make the hits connect . Not one of the punches in this movie even looked like they connected . My thing is , if you 're going to make a boxing movie , you got to be able to take some hits or in this case some punches . Garbage this movie was .
 Wow , the first season was very entertaining , funny , well-acted and interesting . I 've watched the first two episodes of this season , and frankly , they 're depressing , short , not funny at all , and uncreative.I 'm not sure what happened , but , I ca n't imagine this going well for him , if this is the tone of the rest of this season ... at this point , I 'm not paying for any additional episodes of Season 2 . Terribly disappointing .
 I have forever been an admirer of Hugh Hefner and the fine advancement He 's made in Adult Entertainment , and I 've enjoyed Playboy since that first magical moment I opened one of His Magazines.Even though I had never seen this show when it was on Cable TV , I 'd heard a lot about it , that coupled with tha fact that these sets are uncensored and they could be acquired quite inexpensively , I purchased two seasons in hopes of spending many hours at the Mansion with Hef and his Ladies . The problem I have is , I do n't like his Ladies ! Kendra is an annoying Narcisist , Holly is a Phony in the videos , and we 've learned , in real life as well , and I can not remember the other ladies name . Undressed they look artificial and far from Erotic , and not one of them ever utters a single funny or clever word , and yet every time they speak , they giggle as if every word out of their mouth is adorable -LRB- especially Kendra -RRB- , I do n't want to know anything more about them , ever!What I did like was the opening theme by Nasty Tales doing `` Come on a my House '' , I purchased that at I-Tunes and it 's proudly on my IPod , and I did as always enjoy watching Hef as he Entertained his friends at the Mansion -LRB- Hef ! I 'd love to be a guest ! -RRB- and watching as he flew in his Private Jet to NYC , the Man has always carried himself with Dignity , and I will continue to admire the work he does .
 This is sad . A total tribute to dog-faced overprocessed girls with zero self-esteem , working out their childhood damage with - you guess it ! - a gross , lecherous man who can double for their grandpa . Sick . Great for pigs and misogynists , though ! I wonder if they teach their daughters to act this way , though . Hmmm !
 I was so excited to see this on the rack of new releases at TOWER Records today ... until I turned to the back cover to find ... BOTH FILMS are presented PAN AND SCAN FULL SCREEN ! I urge fans of these films to boycott ... aborted versions ... these are n't saturday morning cartoons . . we want the full aspect ratio as presented in the theatres!If you are a film buff . . AVOID this edition .
 si eres cubano ni la compres ni la rentes , es una estafa total , esa porqueria no es una pelicua , es una falta de respeto a cuba
 Lets just say that watching this guy perform is worse than a train wreck because of the adolescent TV tricks . Its not amazing , thrilling or remotely interesting . I give it -40 stars , but amazon says I ca n't
 Many magicians know that Angel is a fake . Originally , he wanted to have his band get a record deal , so his parents financed his hobby . In fact , they took out a mortgage to buy him illusions after he saw Arioch -LRB- The FIRST Hard Rock Illusionist -RRB- on MTV with Skid Row and Motley Crue . He used to tell club owners in New York that he was just using magic as a gimmick to get his band signed . Apparently , his mommy will give her boy as much money as he wants to buy toys , and he steals from magicians who actually work for what they have . after David Blaine made it big , Angel claimed to be the greatest street magician . Lance Burton used a robot illusion , a few months later , Angel had one . Simon Drake used assistants in cool outfits , Angel copied that . Anyone can buy TV time and illusions , but they will never be able to buy talent . If Angel did n't have so many paid stooges and rich parents , he would still be trying to get his band signed . Hopefully he will get signed , and leave magic to the magicians . FORBES magazine wrote that he screwed up an escape and had to scream for his crew to let him out . How lame can you get ? Copperfield , Blaine , Burton , Arioch , and others have no competition with this clown .
 This show lacks creativity and anything entertaining . If your looking for something spectacular and witty stay away from this DVD !!!
 Despite what Criss Angel and his management/publicity team claim , this show is filled with audience stooges and camera tricks . Do n't waste your money buying this DVD . There are plenty of magicians using talent and skill to achieve their effects , and if you 're interested in magic , check out some of those guys -LRB- Penn and Teller , Lance Burton -RRB- .
 If you happen to like `` magic '' that insults your intelligence , then this is for you . It 's sensationalist claptrap for the most of it , relying on a variety of misdirecting dialogue and behavior rather than anything truly skillful in the way of `` magic '' . For instance , there was the tesla coil episode . Sheesh . First they show you previews of an ambulance , and Chris being carted away on a gurney . That gets you thinking that something will happen . It `` sets the stage '' visually and mentally and makes it easier for the observer to believe the load of bull he 's going to try to hand you next.Then he dons a mesh protective suit and then lets the Tesla operator ramp up the coil enough for a nice big spark-over in excess of about 3 or 4 feet long . He takes the bolts easily in the suit because that 's what the suit does
 Okay , so Criss Angel has style ... but only if you 're 13 years old and think that torn jeans , nail polish , and wearing your hat backwards is so cool . But as a magician , he has no substance . The lack of any disclaimers about trick photography , phony camera angles , bogus audiences , and prefabricated set-ups is a dead giveaway . He is a great TV magician ... the important word being TV . Anyone who thinks that Criss Angel is a true magician probably also believes that an aquarium is the same as the ocean . If you 're interested in the real thing , I have one word of advice for you ... SLYDINI !
 Criss Angel uses camera trickery . 75 % of the stuff he does can not be done in front of anyone but stooges -LRB- people he has placed into the crowd to go along with the trick -RRB- . `` His '' coin-into-can trick is n't even his , it was created by someone named Wayne Houchin -LRB- which has much better illusions than Criss Angel , mind you -RRB- .
 on wednesday 8/2/06 at 10:22 angles last trick was fliping sweethe was put in a wooden box handcufed and went through a woodchiper there was blood and chunks of bones it was disapointing but when you thought hes gone he jumps out the back of the truck every body was cheeringhow do you do it good job chris ! = -RRB-
 I know I am not the only person who finds this magician an overblown windbag . Have a little humility . The christ-like persona is sickening because he is , simply , a con-artist . I suspect if this magic thing dose ` nt work out he can try 3 card monty .
 Although his magic was quite good , it looked as if some parts had been edited . He also seems quite cocky and full of himself . No david blaine !
 As the seasons wear on Criss is relying more on stuff that can only be done on TV with lots of presetup , lots of fake audiences , lots of camera angles and even CGI . Too much audience interview and less substance as well . A real Shame . Fun to watch but keep in mind it 's just TV . They could 've hired any actor to do most of the stuff being done . Notice that there is no disclaimer about camera angles , etc. . Be interesting to see season 3 ; Maybe by then it will all be CGI and he can just phone it in .
 More poseur than performer , a bit lame . My advice is look up Derren Brown , if you really want the real thing .
 This movie could have been good , but the acting was SO bad I turned it off after 20 minutes -LRB- I ca n't even believe I watched it that long -RRB- I was hoping something would change , the plot was a good , but COULD not even get into any of the characters . I do n't recommend this movie .
 I am very upset at myself for ordering such a terrible movie for $ 9.99 that I did n't even finish watching .
 This movie had one of my favorite actresses from Twilight in it that made her very dissapointing to me . The writers of this movie gave her no justice of her talents as an actress . One word for this movie `` HORRIBLE '' and not horror . These writers need to be fired and banned from ever working on another movie again , especially on Chiller TV .
 Summer 's Moon -LRB- Lee Demabre , 2009 -RRB- Like most obsessive film snobs -LRB- at least , most obsessive film snobs I know -RRB- , I keep best - and worst-of lists . I 'm a little crazier than most , and have been unduly influenced by guys like David Thomson and Peter Travers , so I recently expanded my hundred-best list to a thousand-best list . -LRB- New movies get added to it at least once a month . There 's so much out there to watch ! -RRB- The hundred-worst list , however , is a lot less changeable . It 's all half-a-star and zero-star movies , and despite my love of pure , unadulterated crap , I do n't see all that many movies that are that horrible . For seven years , Lee Demabre 's third film , Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter , occupied the # 2 spot on that list . -LRB- It was supplanted a couple of months ago by Brian Yeo 's horrid Zombies Ate My Neighbours
 Well i have to agree with most here , this movie is average at best & i like cheesy B-type horror films , this one just really does not go anywhere , it 's missing so much ... . The story just does not work at all , most of the acting is average , i guess the Only reason to see this would be if you were an Ashley Greene fan , she looks great & her acting is good considering what little she has to work with , that would be pretty much the only reason to see this , maybe give it a rental if you must , but remember i ca n't give you back your 90 minutes of life you lose .
 I fast forwarded through half the movie . . if you want to get some sleep I suggest watching thisrepetitive slow moving dialog-laden flick : -RRB-
 I 'd give this a 0 in a horrible moment . This is the lip-sincer of movies . Like Britany Spears Bimbo Beat Blather , this is talentless , directionless , visionless , meaningless and has absolutely nothing to say about nothing . The `` acting '' if that 's what you call it these days is atrocious , I could do a better job , and I am no `` actor '' .
 This movie is a waste of money . Dont bother unless you like cheesy movies , with corny story lines . This is not scary at all . Its weird . And the plot makes no sense what so ever . Dont Bother Please . If you do I only have this to say . '' Do n't say you were n't told ! ''
 si eres cubano ni la compres ni la rentes , es una estafa total , esa porqueria no es una pelicua , es una falta de respeto a cuba
 The Australian movie Gallipoli has a false and slanderous ending.No British officer ever ordered Australian troops to commit a suicidal dash against the Turks.This is false history.The movie 's statement that quote - `` the British troops are relaxing on the beach `` unquote while Australian troops were dying is particularly slanderous when you consider that Britain lost more than twice as many troops at Gallipoli as Australia and New Zealand combined.Gallipoli continued the chip-on-the-shoulder mentality of Australian filmakers against Britain.I am Australian born to Australian parents so my opinion is impartial .
 There is NO story , hardly at all . I kept waiting for it to ` go ' somewhere.No plot really . The ending is awful . They all die , of course which is expected for a war movie , but then it just like ends and you are sitting there going , ` that 's the end ? ' ? You still expect it to have a story you know ? there is n't one . It is also historically inaccurate on many counts.Well it has Mel Gibson in it , what do you expect ? 1 . he 's handsome 2 . the movie is gory , and 3 . the ending will suck after a mostly plotless story line.Full of cursing , smoking , carousing , nudity and trash , and then they all die in 10 mins , and the film ends , with literally no ending .
 Thought I was getting the movie in English -- turned out to be Region 2 and is unplayable . Dummy me . Throwing it away and eating my money .
 For some years there has been a movement to make Australia a Republic and they have made it their ambition to discredit Britain with a series of movies whose historical accuracy is often questionable.This fictional version of the WW1 battle at Gallipoli is a perfect example in it 's determination to portray the British in a negative manner . British officers are openly ridiculed in the movie and portrayed as incompetent.The film 's fictional ending falsely shows a British officer being contacted about Australian troops being ordered into a suicidal rush at the enemy . Despite what another reviewer claims , this was not true and was made up by the film 's writers . British officers did not have any role in ordering Australian troops.In fact it was an Australian officer that made the fateful decision.The producers knew this but made the script change anyway.But what is most offensive is that the film also completely ignored the huge losses that Britain suffered at Gallipolli , more than twice the number of casualties of Australian and New Zealand put together . Instead we get the statement in the film that `` the British troops are just sitting on the beach having a cup of tea '' . Hardly relevent as Aussies also drink tea . The other poster says `` that Australian troops did not salute British officers '' . A silly statement as no nation 's troops saluted officers from another nation 's army . Rarely has a film openly slandered another nation 's troops the way this film does.I am an Australian born of Australian parents so my opinion is impartial . I just do n't like films that distort history .
 made in 1985 this film wants to make you believe it is a war movie . Hardly . the battle scenes are less that 10 percent of this film . But what do you expect from a Rupert Murdoch production ? Truly poor film making . Mel Gibson not withstanding -LRB- he does a decent job -RRB- but I ca n't say much for the rest of this film .
 And just before i start ... i was forced to rate this film with one star ... if i had my way i would be going into negative values ... ok ill start now ... The Gallipoli campaign was largely a result of the tangled web of mutual suspicions and distrust expressed between the five Imperial Powers of Europe . As a result of this ongoing tension , a war climate developed and two major alliance systems emerged , the Triple Alliance and the Triple Entente . The alliances offered some comfort to the nations , but it also added to the overall conflict of the European powers . The most unstable and unpredictable area in Europe was the Balkans . These regions were conquered , traded off , resettled and ethnically manipulated . Serbia , a strong Balkan state , had a vision of forming a larger Slavic nation , made up of Bosnia-Herzegovina , Montenegro and parts of the Austrian Empire . Austria was strongly opposed to the nationalism proposed by the Balkan state . In response , a Serbian secret society was formed , called the ` Black Hand ' . The society aimed at capturing Bosnia-Herzegovina to get all Slavic people to return to Serbia . Archduke Franz-Ferdinand , the heir to the Habsburg throne was in favour of giving the Slavs an equal voice in the Austro-Hungarian Empire . To counter this problem , the ` Black Hand ' assassinated Franz-Ferdinand in Sarajevo to stop the deal to help the Slavs , allowing them to return to Serbia . This assassination was the immediate cause of the First World War . Germany , Italy and Austria-Hungary -LRB- Triple Alliance -RRB- were now at war with France , Britain and Russia -LRB- Triple Entente -RRB- . The outbreak of the First World War was met with great enthusiasm in Australia and many men signed up to travel to Gallipoli to fight the Turks . The Australians intended to capture the tactically important Dardanelles Straits . If the Australian troops defeated the Turks , they would be able to open up this vitally important area and travel quickly and freely . This placed a major importance on Gallipoli and its campaign.In response to the overwhelming number of Australian volunteers , strict regulations and exacting physical standards were set for recruits to ensure that only the best men were selected into the AIF to fight in the war . As a result of this , all of the Australian troops were fit , healthy and most had knowledge of how to ride a horse prior to their enrolment . At the end of the testing period , it was discovered that six percent of the Australian population enlisted to be participants in the Great War . Some Australians wanted to fight for their ally , Britain , whereas , others found it very socially acceptable to join the war . They were following the lead of so many others.The Australian troops were faced with unique problems at the desolate Gallipoli Peninsular in Southern Turkey , including the evacuation of wounded and sick soldiers . The medical team the AIF were supplied with suffered from a lack of training , lack of sufficient knowledge as to what to what to expect and the type of casualties that they would experience . Problems developed as the men fell prey to dysentery and respiratory diseases . The principal problem was the great distance and the difficulty of transporting patients from the front line to the base hospitals . Several important events took place during the Gallipoli campaign such as the Battle of the Nek.The end ... if you have never seen this movie before ... do n't ... it is ... the biggest waste of film in the world ... ok ... thank you ... bye
 Only die-hard fans of French New Wave need to trouble themselves with this interminable moldy oldie . Made in 1962 , this film may have been an interesting look at the underbelly of La Dolce Vita , but it has definitely corked and soured with time . This is a very drippy , wet movie in the worst way ; from the canals of Venice , to drizzly Rome with water fountains , to the leading man excusing his infidelity with lines like `` that 's the way I am , Baby . '' Cool man , cool . Crazy . Cool.Jeanne Moreau plays the empty souled sex kitten like a second rate Brigitte Bardot . Her acting -LRB- at least in this decade -RRB- was posey , coy and irritating . Since she was usually playing the kind of woman that men want to slap around , I guess she succeeded in what her Directors wanted . In fairness , it is the work of an actress who was not directed very well , attempting to be interesting in the extended , endless times where there is no dialogue and she has to fill the time . Today 's actress would just `` be , '' but you can hear the Director yelling `` Do something different . '' Do n't just go to bed , roll on the floor and pull the blanket off the bed ! She 's trying so very hard to get attention , and she all ready has a camera on her!Contrast her here with one of the all-time classic screen beauties , Virna Lissi , who does a quietly fantastic acting job here as the wronged Fiancee - even her final actions are off screen - so that it becomes very hard to see why Tyvian -LRB- Stanley Baker -RRB- would look at Moreau twice . Even in small scenes , you can see Lissi evaluating things she does and does not say - inner life.There is a secondary male character who looks so much like Baker as to be a shorter twin and you have some unnecessary visual confusion in this mannered 60s vie boheme . One could assume the confusion , the canals , the endless archwasys are supposed to represent Tyvian 's inner life . The main stand out here is the interesting camera angles , which sometimes turn this into a cinematic equivalent of an Escher picture . Too bad the rest of the film is not as interesting as the camera angles . This film makes it obvious why Hollywood picked up Lissi and not Moreau . -LRB- Thankfully , Moreau has aged beautifully in many respects . -RRB-
 i got the chidren of the corn all it got is scenes and trailer i go to buy chideren of the corn 2009 not 2011
 How can a horrible movie like this -LRB- and I saw it as a young horror fanatic -RRB- make it to blu-ray , and a classic like The Howling or -LRB- more importantly -RRB- The Exorcist not be out on blu-ray ? We saw this as kids and made fun of it ... it 's so bad ! Bad script , dialogue , pacing of scenes , effects ... you name it . `` Cujo '' was a better low budget attempt . `` Stand By Me '' blows them all out of the water as a King cinematic adaptation from the same time period . I will say , it 's probably not as irritating as the adaptation of `` Lawnmower Man '' from the same book of short stories , `` Night Shift '' -LRB- not to be confused with the Michael Keaton Henry Winkler Shelly Long comedy -RRB- .
 The Audio is better than the Video in this stupid and dumb movie . I 'm glad I will be returning it .
 Why is n't this on dvd ?? It 's not fair I tell you.It should be on dvd for those of uswho do n't have Blu-Ray . What gives ?
 Back in the day I watched a movie called Children of the Corn . Well at less that 's what I thought it was called . It starts with a small town . Everyone is put on a spell and fell asleep . After everyone wakes up all of the woman are pregnant . Everyone gives birth to children who want to kill the town . Only one little boy does n't want to kill the town . He try 's to stop the others.I thought this movie was the same as I described . I am very disapointed that it is the wrong movie . I really really want the other Children of the Corn movie . There are way too many Children of the Corn for me to find the one I am looking for . If any one reads this and knows what movie I am talking about message me . I hope there is a way to message me . Well since I was so unhappy with this movie I did n't really give it a chances . I am in the middle of watching it now . And I guess this movie is n't bad .
 I remember seeing CHILDREN OF THE CORN right after reading Stephen King 's short story version in his classic book , Night Shift . I was excited because King 's story was such good scary fun . Well , I watched the movie and was amazed at how awful it was . While the short story had a building atmosphere of dread and horror , the movie had an atmosphere of pure cheeze . King 's story was short -LRB- like 10-20 pages -RRB- and sweet , w / sinister children and a mysterious god / monster in the cornfields . The movie has a town full of annoying brats and a cheap beasty that caused much eye-rolling and laughter . The running time is 90 minutes , including about an hour 's worth of padding . COTC would have made an excellent addition to one of King 's anthology movies like CREEPSHOW . As it stands , it 's bloated and pretty boring . Of course , Linda Hamilton is in it , which is why I gave it an extra star ...
 yea yea yea its a cult classic and very memorable ... but why ... stephen king is an amazing writer , but this is weak ... its not very suspensful , not very well acted , the score tho is probably the best ive ever heard from a horror movie , but the story line is slow and at times very boring . And a lot of the characters are really annoying i mean , they make you want to take a gun to your TV annoying ! Isaac , i wanted to slaughter that high pitched , midget friend of Dorothy , always complaining and going on ! and malachae or w/e his name is ... the dood with the red mullet and horse jaw ... he annoyed me more than isaac ... and whats with the stupid ending ? the visual looks sooooo bad and soooo stupid ! this movie as a whole just makes me mad ... ok im changing the rating from a 3 to a 2 . Only reasons its getting 2 stars is cuz the music is awesome and its by stephen king ... other than that ... its not worth it
 Ok here is what I have to say about children of the corn its not a nice story , gothic children slaughter people becuase of their religion , a man and his wife or going to that same town that the corn children took over , 3 years have passed since murders in the coffee shop and around the city of Gatlin , victims were apparently mutilated , they killed their parents , and destroyed eachothers families . The man stops the car to find that a boy 's destroyed corpse lays in the highway , which was surrounded by cornfields . they enter the city where the nightmare begins , no population , nobody else 's car drove nobody walking across the street , as silent as a ghost town . Then they find 2 survivors , a little girl and a boy , nothing else ! then there was a gang children armed with blades , machettes , scythes , knives , too bad there was no police , there seems to be no laws in Gatlin , now that they are changed by insane children . Compared to village of the damned this story was more messed up then those villager kids !
 I have a glimpse of a memory from when I was ten or so . It is of this film 's climax , giant fields of corn , some sort of malevolent creature burrowing through the ground like a mole on coke , and crosses of corn exploding into the air . I only saw fragments because my parents were watching the film , but at the time , it freaked me out.This is probably because my father is a Baptist minister , lending all sorts of sobriety to the image of crosses , and also because I grew up in southeast Missouri , around dozens and dozens of cornfields.I wanted to be scared like that again , so I got theChildrenoftheCornseries . Instead of being scared , however , I have been afforded the opportunity to warn others of my mistake.In the first five minutes of this film , all the children of the podunk town of Gatlin , Nebraska kill every last citizen over the age of 19 . That 's the first five minutes , mind you . The entire incident is narrated nonchalantly by young Job -LRB- Robby Kiger -RRB- , who is annoyed that his mother and father have been slain , but who is n't necessarily put out by the ordeal.Because , you see , Job and his sister Sarah -LRB- who , for no reason whatsoever , can draw the future -RRB- , are kept alive by the band of murderous children , who are acting at the behest of Issac , a legitimately creepy child who is acting as the prophet of He Who Walks Behind the Rows -LRB- of corn -RRB- . Issac is played by John Franklin , a twenty-five year old whose Growth Hormone Disorder makes him seem just the right kind of disturbing for the part . After murdering all of the adults , the town of Gatlin enters a three-year grace period , where , for some reason , absolutely no investigation or inquiry is made into the town 's sudden lack of taxpayers . What , the relatives of these murdered adults do n't worry that their family does n't respond to mail or phone calls ? How is that this place still gets electricity , gas , and water after all of the breadwinners have been dispatched ? Ah , but I 'm thinking too much . Ha ha . Silly me.Anyway , enter Burt -LRB- a laconic Peter Horton -RRB- and Vicky -LRB- a younger , sexier Linda Hamilton -RRB- , two thirty-somethings entering the picture purely by accident when they happen to collide with Issac 's latest victim , a young defector whose name I do n't care to look up.King has always taken issue with fundamentalism , and his work reflects that . I ca n't testify to how true this film is to the short story that inspired it , but that fanatical religious fervor is present here in undiluted form . Who knows what these kids are worshipping ? Not even them it seems . Whatever it is , it enjoys bloodshed and corn , and it hates adults -LRB- if you define adult as 20 + years of age -RRB- . Aside from the story 's basic incomprehensibility , the movie is uneventful and horribly acted . It 's a rough deal when the bulk of your cast is children , especially when said children are directed to act menacing . The most violent child of all , Malachai -LRB- Courtney Gains -RRB- , tries to leer and sneer with the best of them , but mostly what I noticed was his abnormally large mouth . He screams a bit , Issac screams a bit , Burt takes it all in stride , and a kid named Amos gets a pentagram carved into his chestIt 's all rather mundane and dull . In fact , I think the movie glossed over the scariest part . What I would 've liked to have seen is the preface to all of this weirdness . Instead of making a movie about the aftermath , they should 've written a story about Issac discovering He Who Walks Behind the Rows , about him convincing an entire town of children to murder their parents . That 's what I thought the movie was about , actually -LRB- instead of it being the first five minutes -RRB- . And the sequels that followed ? Well , I assumed they would be about people coming to investigate why no one in Gatlin returns phone calls or has paid their credit card bills . Now , I do n't know what to expect.Probably more corn .
 I recently read a review by hucklecat03 on this movie . I have to say it made me laugh when he says that `` you 'll be more entertained by eating corn that watching Children of the Corn '' . It made me laugh because he is SO RIGHT . This movie is not scary and it 's not good . As a fan of Stephen King I have to say I was extremely disappointed at this laughable attempt for a frightfest . I 'm just wondering how a bunch of young punks can take over a whole town . I just thought the movie was stupid , plain and simple . do n't waste your time , effort or money watching this movie . This movie is actually horror if you put the two words together that make the word horrible . It 's HORROR BULL .
 Children of the Corn is ninety excruciatingly long minutes of kids hacking up their parents and other adults who vex them . How about this , I 'll sum up the movie with a few quotes . `` He who walks behind the rows is displeased . '' -LRB- ooooooh -RRB- `` Outlander -- I 'll get you OUTLANDER ! '' `` Who did this ? '' `` Isaac . '' `` Malachai . '' `` Sacrifice , sacrifice ! `` It 's really pretty awful , and the acting is worse . I 'm not a fan of Stephen King , but I 'm guessing his novella would have to be better than this . If you thought The Shining was bad , you 're in for a special treat!That said , it does have some things going for it . The cover is scary looking . The VHS copy has a raised sickle -LRB- I 've never liked those things -RRB- and evil eyes watching from the corn stalks . And there is something genuinely creepy about a corn field . I do n't know what else to say . Do n't see this movie !!!
 in the short story collection night shift , mr.king gave us some of his best short stories and spawned at least 6 movies that i know of -LRB- this mess , trucks -LRB- twice once by king as `` maximam overdrive '' and once as a t.v. movie -RRB- , night surf , the boogyman -LRB- not the new one -RRB- , graveyard shift , the mangler , and maybe more and not one has been done right ! this one misses by a mile as it tells of the cult of kids who kill all the adults in a town and serve `` he who walks behind the rows `` more like `` we steped in something behind the rows '' and we steped in this flameing piece of junk !!! skip it !!!!!!
 If you are going to make a movie based on a written story , then at least follow the story . From beginning to end the original Stephen King plot was brutally beaten into the shape of some ugly chunk of garbage . At the end there is actually no regard for the original , instead the parents burn the corn down and take some of the children home or something stupid like that.Don ' t watch it ; it 's an insult .
 This is corny as hell . Pardon the pun . Who the hell could call this a great , scary horror film and still keep a straight face when they call themselves horror fans ? . This is stomach churning drivel . So god awful is it , that you just wonder what Stephen King thought when he saw this monstrosity . The acting is of high disgust caliber . The effects and make-up are cheesy and half cocked . The score was lame and the kids were terrible . One of the worst of all time . If you think this is great , you must be one of the brainwashed kids . This film should never of been made .
 What a pitiful , feeble attempt to make a horror movie . Where is the horror in this film ? Maniacal children sacrificing there own to a demon in the cornfield ? HA !! HA !! I laugh at that.A couple gets lost along the cornfield . While looking at the map they strike a child with their car . They search for help and find out the child was already mangled when they hit him . Peter Horton plays the man -LRB- I forget his name -RRB- and Linda Hamilton -LRB- forget her name too , as the whole movie is forgettable -RRB- plays the woman . They meet these two young children who are n't like the others . They let the copule know what is going on . Upon finding this `` vital '' information out , they devise a plan to burn down the corn field . Let 's hear it for brilliance !! The actors give laughable performances , there is no climax , there is no story and there is no point in watching this film . I thought this was a horror film . Where 's the scare ? Where 's the blood ? Where 's the fright ? If you are a horror fan , such as I , please , please stay away from this monstrosity . You 'll be entertained more by eating corn then watching Children of the Corn .
 Do n't be fooled by the previous reviews which tell you how great this movie is . Bad acting , no horror , bad effects . I played this DVD for my friends and now they wo n't talk to me . Stay away from it ...
 This movie has the kind of plot that could scare the pants off you . A teen zealot is contacted by an evil spirit , pieces together a cult in his hometown , convinces his peer group to kill all the adults in town , then carries out murders and sacrifices to appease `` He Who Walks Behind The Rows '' . I was scared just from the commercials when I was 14 . I watched it last night , and it 's about as scary as an episode of Friends.The `` outlanders '' ruin everything . They are so unmoved by the bizarre situation , it 's very difficult to be scared yourself . They hit a boy in the road with a Buick LeSabre , the woman is captured by the kids and crucified , the guy is stabbed in the chest , they confront a supernatural entity , witness a sacrifice & subsequent possession , and set acres of cornfields aflame by pushing gasohol through the irrigation pumps . All the while , they barely hit their target heartrate . They 're running around town after someone corns up their car -LRB- which has the body of the boy in the trunk -RRB- , constantly encountering horrible situations . Again , they do n't even really break a sweat . At the end of the movie , it 's like a sequel to that sled dog movie . They 're all giddy talking about adopting the two youngsters who help them out . Even then , a psycho from the church springs from their back seat with a knife . After slamming her across the nose with the car door , they just start laughing again and decide to walk to the next town and adopt the kids.The best actor in this movie is easily the kid who plays Malachai . He 's so evil , it 's awesome . That red hair , the bellbottom floods , the teeth , and a voice that sounds like barbed wire . He wants the blood of the outlanders , he overthrows Isaac , he carries a kitchen knife in a hip holster . He 's who tormented me in my dreams when I was a kid.Big ups to Malachai !
 ... This movie is such a waste of time , the story presented ... stinks , the gore is pathetic , the acting looks like the they killed and then resurected bad TV comercial Actors , and for the most part every aspect of this movie stinks ... To make matters worse this spawned 5-6 sequels . ARGH !! LEts start with the story . A young couple on vacation get lost on a side road along a corn field , they accidentally hit a kid along the way , only to find out he was already dead . They take him to the nearest town , which is deserted and soon are attacked by fanatic cultist that are kids ranging from Infacy all the way to 17 -LRB- at 18 you must enter the corn -RRB- . They think God lives in the corn -LRB- but the average movie goer already knows it 's a demon -RRB- and thus we set the setting for a complete waste of time.It gets worse . This was based of a truely disturbing , yet highly entertaing short story by Stephen King . This is yet another piece of work completely ruined by Hollywood . Do n't rent or buy this , it 's not even worth a penny .
 Married couple get lost on the road and end up in a town where the population is all kids who killed their parents and worship some god who protects their crops . While the mass murder scene in the diner at the beginning and the sacrifice at the end were both really cool , this movie is REALLY boring ! Pizza .
 Viewed
 The Bottom Line : While most terrible horror films are `` distinguished '' by their bad acting , terrible effects , and low production values , Children of the Corn manages to be all three of those things AND really slow and boring -- please look elsewhere instead of wasting 90 minutes or so of your life .
 This movie ai n't as bad as some people make it out to be , but it 's pretty silly , definitely . ` Children of the Corn ' is a pretty great short story , but it seems like it would be tough if not impossible to make it into a good film . It 's got a few decent moments , with a nice little massacre at the beginning , and the guy who plays Malachi is pretty cool , and that Courtney dudes ` Outlander ! ' speech is fun , but overall it 's rather silly and uneventful . Horton and Hamilton are incredibly dull as the leads , and they do n't really get the kids right either . They make 'em out to be like murderous Amish people , and while this may be a fairly reasonable interpretation of the story it does n't really work . They should be more feral , but whatever . Also , ` He Who Walks Behind the Rows ' is really extraordinarily poorly done , and is a sort of murder-cloud , or something . Also , Hamilton did n't have her eyes gouged and tongue-ripped out and the holes crammed with corn silk and husks . Weak.Whether or not you wan na see this depends on how much you like crappy horror movies . I like them quite a lot , but I 'm certainly not gon na tell anyone they need to see this movie , even if I ca n't quite tell you to avoid it either . However , do check out ` Children of the Corn II
 I liked the movie and the fact that it does n't have a lot of gore in it , but still a suspensful horror . I really thought the plot was great but as a stephen king freak , I would have to say that I would only place it in the middle between the good and bad movies of king .
 What a dreadful , horrible , and boring insult to every movie ever made . It is so laughably tacky that it should n't of even been made . Steer as far away from this as possible !
 This film actually begins quite well , although the little kid narrating it kind of made it lose the creepy feeling you had in the opening credits . The movie is actually fairly entertaining until after our two main characers enter the house of our youthful narrator and his sister . Up until this sour turn in events , it 's a fairly noble adaption . And then the story is wrecked , from the , al I can think of is
 I admit when I was six years old , this movie was a little creepy and made me think twice before passing a cornfield . Now , I look at it and wonder how I even made it past the second scene without falling asleep . The only tense scene in this movie is when Joseph is running through the cornfield . Other then that , it 's a movie to watch when you 're bored and having nothing better to do . It 's not scary , and Isaac 's ranting and raving can get on your nerves after awhile . If you want good horror , then read the short story by Stephen King .
 Riddle
 I did not finish this movie . Too much spattered blood.I thought it would be more creepy than violent . Recent news makes children and violence less tolerable than it used to be .
 Riddle
 Being a fan of Stephen King 's works , I was willing to give this movie a try . I was severely letdown . This ranks as one of the worst horror movies I 've ever seen.The story begins as all the kids in the town of Gatlin murder all the adults . Then two adults stumble across the town and soon find themselves stalked by the sickle-toting children.I found the movie impossible to be believe . This movie is just not scary . I ca n't seem to figure how Linda Hamilton got through this movie with a straight face.I read in Stephen King 's biography that Stephen King declared this one of the worst movies ever made.Enough said .
 The acting was terrible ! There were so many holes in the plot . The character development in the short story was completely missing from the movie . I did n't care about the characters in the movie . There was zero suspense or scares like in the short story . This is just another example of Hollywood changing a story when it was good as it was .
 `` Children of the Corn '' had some potential
 Maybe I 'm a little biased after reading the excellent King short story upon which this movie is based ... or maybe this movie just really sucks . Whichever , by the goofy climax of this wanna-be horror flick , I was feeling more than a little let down . Why is it that so many King adaptations fail so miserably ? I can understand the difficulty in translating King 's superlative prose into a feature film , but why must the acting be so bad . And why why why does the creepy atmosphere of the story have to be completely destroyed ? I 'll give you an example
 I remember channel surfing at about age 10 or 11 and coming across this movie on tv . I lived in a very rural area with lots of corn fields . I 'm grasping now
 I just got threw watching this movie . It was boring from begining to end . There wase n't awhole lot of good scene 's in this movie , the only decent scene was at the begining ...
 I love Stephen King films like Misery and the Shining , but I think that it is tacky . I still try to rent others in the series for one reason only , a jolly good laugh .
 Well , I do n't normally want to see Stephen King stories , because they 've been getting gorier as they go along . But I had read this one -LRB- originally a short story -RRB- , and I had seen clips , and I figured being so old , it would n't be as disgusting as the later films . Yeah , OK , sort of.In a small town in Nebraska , one day three years ago -LRB- says the film -RRB- , all those under 19 rose up and slaughtered all the adults . They are led by a religious fanatic who had been a child preacher before he came to the town , and knew how to manipulate the children to do his bidding . Just goes to show you people should not use kids for preachers . But anyway.Cut to a handsome young couple -LRB- Peter Horton and Linda Hamilton -RRB- who are passing through on their way to a vacation in Seattle . They were driving down a back road near the cursed town when a boy ran out in front of their car . They could n't avoid hitting him , but it turns out his throat had been cut back in the corn field , where the couple found his suitcase covered in blood . They put the body in the trunk of the car and take the suitcase with them and drive off to find someone to report the murder to.An old guy working on a truck at a gas station that has no gas directs them to a town 19 miles away , and warns them against the nearby town , which is full of religious fanatics who do n't like strangers . He 's wrong about that . They want the strangers
 This movie suffers from the same thing as `` Midnight in Paris '' - it 's just an excuse to film in Paris.The writing/plot is extremely weak . The male actor -LRB- Mark Polish -RRB- is not good.I gave this movie a chance but it 's just totally unnecessary .
 The same exact thing over and over . Nothing but sex and running through fields . They are trying way too hard to make this movie `` beautiful '' that it was obvious and annoying to watch . Plus it promotes having an affair which is never the answer to an unhappy marriage .
 I could n't tell you if the movie was good or not , the audio mix was so poor it was nearly impossible to hear any of the dialog .
 I downloaded this to watch Stana in another genre -LRB- film -RRB- since I 've enjoyed her acting talent on the tv show `` Castle '' . I was disappointed in the film since I 'm used to seeing a wider range of emotion and versatility in Stana on television and perhaps that 's because it 's a weekly show and viewers get to learn more about her character throughout the season . I must also say this movie was too slow for me , did n't have enough depth to the two main characters , and the writing seemed very weak for their conversations . I think the lack of strong writing also made me not care very much about the two roles since I did n't truly understand their draw to one another besides just the physical . The movie was shot in the classic black & white , and I thought that would lessen the movie in some way for me but actually the lack of color was n't a detriment . I also thought the film should have had ALL the dialogue subtitled on the screen , not just the parts spoken in French and then translated into English .
 Waste of time . Crap . Waste of time . Crap . Waste of time . Crap . Couldnt follow what the story meant or what the movie was all about ... Dont waste your time or dollars
 I 'd been meaning to see this film for many years , so I was glad to finally get it out . What a disappointment ! It 's a badly made film
 The seller of this item failed to tell me -LRB- or anyone else -RRB- that the disc does NOT play in a standard DVD player and so can only be watched on a computer . I am returning the movie of course !
 This movie is probably the worst movie I ever seen in so many levels . It is extremely violent , grotesque , racist , ridiculous and offensive . The characters do not make sense in thought and actions , from beginning to the bitter end . The movie has no plot structure but the purpose of portraying and reinforcing negative stereotypes about Spanish , and Portuguese speaking people in New York city . Besides the story not being realistic , physical impossibilities are constant in the film as well and as am example there was a young man who got shot through the chest -LRB- lung -RRB- and he was perfectly functional when this would be a fatal wound in real life . A team of mother and son from Brazil , recruit local Spanish speaking people to go to war with local Spanish speaking people making this unreasonable and unrealistic . A New York city ex cop , who looks like a french painter , and talks with a fake Spanish accent reminds me of Steve Martin in the Pink Panther films . The only thing that I enjoyed in this film was seeing footage of New York city during the early 80 's and the disturbing imagery of a filthy , gritty urban landfill echoing human despair and pain of a time and place better of forgotten . It is also worth mentioning that the scene with a young man injecting heroin looked so real I bet they actually had the man inject himself in the film . Whether it was real heroin or not I do not know but dose scars in his arm looked very convincing . All and all this movie is offensive to all people mentioned in the film but particularly to the Spanish Speaking communities and their positive contributions to United States history and New York city society I do not endorse this film what so ever .
 great to see the east village from back in the day ... but the movie itself is not good .
 Ah , the joys of the Internet . Their influence continues to spread , giving us movies like VLOG . Our obsession with blogs and vlogs and etc. however does not always translate into entertainment . I was so bored I must admit I did n't even finish it . I think I 'll stick to real movies .
 I kept waiting for this to get better but it never did . I ca n't say that I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 Normally I like KS . I just could not get in to this movie however . Very short run time & I was actually wanting to turn it off but kept waiting for it ` to deliver ' . . but it never did.No need to post any spoliers ... I just found it to be bla ... But , im sure others will enjoy it & you wont know unless you watch it . . Sorta wisking I hadnt as again , it was just bla to me , but I would have always wondered whether I 'd like it or not had I not watched it ... Sometimes you watch something expecting it to be bad & you find a gem . Other times you watch expecting something great only to get bla ... I expected more from this but got bla instead ... Others may love it , tho.Such is how the movie biz goes ...
 This film is a mockery of the aviation field . A very small percentage of the phraseology is correct , even the plot itself is severely flawed . First off , being an air traffic controller , I know first hand that you ca n't go and work at some facility you have n't worked at for a while , until you get evaluated to make sure you can work safely . Second of all , you ca n't move from your position -LRB- sector if you will -RRB- and start working at another while leaving the previous position unmonitored . If you are using this movie to learn about air traffic , then please do not apply for a job . The movies will not teach you about the job . It takes anywhere between 2-4 years to get rated at an ATC center . You ca n't just come in and take a position . When a movie comes out that is realistic to air traffic , I will put my stamp of approval on it .
 I am completely unhappy with the service and responce , or lack there of , I have received concerning this product . I ordered 7 things and all but this DVD - `` Ground Control '' starring Keifer Sutherland , arrived in a week . I have sent many e-mails to this company and been told nothing . I paid for the DVD and shipping , but have nothing to show for it . Not to mention that it was to be a christmas present . I will not use them in the future .
 This film is a mockery of the aviation field . A very small percentage of the phraseology is correct , even the plot itself is severely flawed . First off , being an air traffic controller , I know first hand that you ca n't go and work at some facility you have n't worked at for a while , until you get evaluated to make sure you can work safely . Second of all , you ca n't move from your position -LRB- sector if you will -RRB- and start working at another while leaving the previous position unmonitored . If you are using this movie to learn about air traffic , then please do not apply for a job . The movies will not teach you about the job . It takes anywhere between 2-4 years to get rated at an ATC center . You ca n't just come in and take a position . When a movie comes out that is realistic to air traffic , I will put my stamp of approval on it .
 I realize that this is a moive . Unless it 's written by someone in the field , you need to take the technical aspects with a grain of salt . But there were just way too many problems with this movie . It starts off with the title . Ground Control ? That was n't even a part of the movie . It might have actually been decient if they spent some money and hired a consultant .
 I did not realize I was getting this please hive me my money back and take this back . I do not want it .
 Seems like today 's generation is getting revenge on the censorship from the pastand is trying to open up all cans of worms . I guess nice cartoons with good storiesand some morals are out and crude in your face stuff is in . Some of these arereally funny , have funny situations but its not for everybody and i would ` nt let youngkids see it as you have male and female full frontal ... characters urinating andother weird stuff ... and also the writters must be gay ... cause theres a lot ofgay situations ... But what would you expect from a generation of Reality show watchers ... Hope the next generation of cartoons brings back quality instead of quantity of crap .
 Hi , I am not usually embarrassed by adult humor , but this `` Uncensored '' version goes too far , I mean I did not need to see nude cartoons to enjoy this movie - on the contrary that ruined it for me and there was no `` clean '' version on the disk so i was stuck watching or trying to get through this filth . I 'm sure alot of you out there will like it , but as for me . I 'll pass for now . and i 'll be selling mine here now .
 Ok , I 've watched at least 60 percent of Drawn together episodes out there . Yet i do n't ever recall laughing past a grin . The characters are boxed into stereotypes leaving absolutely nothing funny to them but the obvious and predictable jokes . It has never displayed the wit of most `` adult themed '' animated shows out there . I cant see this show lasting many seasons more with the slight premise of the show . Tired stuff dawg !
 ** 1/2 `` Alila '' is a snail-paced series of vignettes about life in one Tel Aviv neighborhood . The film features roughly a half dozen stories playing out simultaneously , most of them focused on a single apartment building and the people who live and work there . Gabi is a young woman who 's having an affair with an older married man named Hezi , who has set her up in her own little unit in the complex where he comes to visit her periodically for passionate sexual encounters . The second major plot strand involves Ezra , a building contractor , who is helping to add what may be a possibly illegal wing onto the building . Ezra , who lives in the van he uses for work , has an ex-wife whom he still loves and ca n't seem to leave alone , as well as a teenaged son who has gone AWOL from the Israeli army because he does n't believe in the cause for which the military - and , by extension , the nation - is fighting . There are several other plot strands running throughout the film , but these two are the most prominent and , in the second case at least , the most compelling.If writer/director Amos Gitai had managed to pick up the pace a bit and brought a little more cohesiveness to the narrative , `` Alila '' might have been an interesting little movie . The tale involving the young boy and his divorced parents is , by far , the most intriguing , and one wishes that Gitai had simply made the film about that storyline and jettisoned the rest . The part dealing with Gabi and Hezi is not only hackneyed and dull , but involves a change of heart on the part of Gabi that is so arbitrary and poorly prepared for that it seems as if large chunks of the film had inadvertently tumbled onto the cutting room floor and been swept out with the trash . One character in the film even has the incisiveness to analogize Gabi 's life to the infamously bad soap opera `` Back Street '' - and how right she is ! Apparently the filmmakers were incapable of perceiving and acting upon the astute self-criticism inherent in the comment . The other stories are even more dull and uninteresting - although , mercifully , they take up far less running time than this one . The film touches ever so lightly on such topics as the tensions between Arab and Jew , and the problems of illegal immigrants in the country , but neither issue gets much in-depth analysis from the filmmakers.The acting is good , especially in the one episode that really counts , but even that is n't enough to pump some badly needed life into the film . `` Alila '' meanders down its long and monotonous path , only to wind up pretty much where it started at the beginning .
 I concur with Mr. Zwick 's review below , but I give it one and a half stars , rounded down to one . It was just dull , dull , dull .
 The fox was really trapped and killed . There was no disclaimer in the end credits stating no animals were harmed during filming . That scene ended my -LRB- albeit fleeting -RRB- enjoyment of this sub par movie . I had no interest in seeing any more animals being killed .
 I ordered this for my mother in the USA but it would not play on her DVD . She is sending it to me to see if it will work on mine . So I do n't know why .
 This is not a good movie . I saw it in my U.S. History class and struggled to stay awake . I 'm a history major and love all things dealing with history , but again , this was not a good movie . I did n't particularly enjoy the plot , but what really brought the movie down was the fact that the cinematography could have been much better . If you 're into white guys dressing up like Indians try `` The Last of the Mohicans '' instead .
 Do n't waste your money on buying this movie ! Wait for cable . It 's poorly done and the acting is horrible . It was difficult to sit through .
 It 's Love Again is a very enjoyable film starring the fabulous Jessie Matthews . She shines throughout , and the story is very entertaining , but this is a review about this particular DVD release itself -LRB- Synergy Entertainment , 2010 -RRB- . For your money you will be getting a DVD-R featuring an unrestored version of the film complete with specks , dust , flickers and an audio track half drowned out by static . My copy does n't even play all the way through , and freezes with about 15 minutes to go.To make matters worse , someone else I know bought this same release just a few days after me and he reported that the movie itself is n't even complete . Apparently this release has a couple of scenes missing , which are in his version on VHS!I dearly want a decent copy of this film , so I hope some other company will do a better job at some point in the near future .
 This 1936 Britsh Gaumont film directed by Victor Saville and staring the fabulous Jessie Matthews is my absolute favourite of all her films and I was elated to find this for sale on Amazon USA.Unfortunatly this print has about five minuits cut from it , scenes missing and the rumba dance number with Cyril Wells cut in the middle.The print and sound track are of a very poor quality.Thankfully as a huge fan of Miss Matthews I have both a VHS copy and one recorded to a blank DVD disk purchased from someone on Ebay UK.Miss Matthews was an enormous blinding star in the 30 's please would some company release all of her films on DVD - NOW ! The only saving grace of this purchase for me was the art work on the case .
 The quality of this dvd was very poor . The video was scratchy throughout the movie and the quality of the sound was poor as well . Also this is not a complete print as one scene was missing and another was cut short . Thankfully I have this movie on VHS -LRB- which is a great print and the movie is complete -RRB- . This is a great movie but the quality of the dvd makes the movie less enjoyable .
 The story could have been interesting , but the screenplay was terrible and unrealistic . It was cheesy from the very beginning but I continued to watch , hoping the ending would be good enough to save the film . It did not and was a total disappointment .
 This could have been a good movie , but they wasted time on poor actors , the only good scene was when jades mom passed . I too was hoping the ending would save the movie but it was to far gone . very disappointed
 Jaglom is not original in style and pretends to apply Woody Allen 's style and method to his film.I thought I was watching `` Interiors '' or another drama directed by Allen .
 I just saw this movie and would only buy the book if 80 million dollars was at stake . I am a woman , an attractive and intelligent woman and I am completely alienated from his `` vision '' . He portrays only the Cathy Guisewite view of womankind and all woman should chase him down and put wasabi on his oily , phony , grotesquely malformed testicles . I have never been so repulsed by another human.I imagine htis review is not suitable in that I did not suffer it in book form but I feel the need to warn the inoccent .
 This movie was pretty bad . It 's about three middle-aged guys who go on a roadtrip together . They 've been friends for years.The entire beginning where we get to know the characters was extremely bad . No interesting features and just downright bad writing.The film does improve a little bit when the guys eventually go on the roadtrip -LRB- which by the way , takes FOREVER to get to that point , which means lots of mediocrity until the guys get in the car together and travel -RRB- . The guys do very stupid things , like wreck their car , assume they 've won the lottery when they really did n't and act like children , attempt to jump off the bridge when they get drunk and/or stoned to commit suicide , and lots of other silly things . One of the friends even lies to the other one about sleeping with his wife just to make a man out of him , but the writing is just totally poor so it 's not interesting.Maybe other people can see the appeal in a movie like this , but the storytelling was just horrible the entire time .
 Whoever greenlighted this movie must have been on crack ! Taking four ambitious , independent babes and have them buying a bar in this day and age is so 80s . Then taking the premise of ` revenge for rape ' from `` Thelma and Louise , '' which did it smartly , and turning it into this drivel is a joke.Don ' t waste your time ! The only awards I see in the future for these four actresses is a mantle of Razzies .
 This dvd had its moments , but only a few . I enjoy camp , and have a good sense of humor , but there was very little humor here . The acting and dialogue were so poor that I could n't enjoy the camp value that was intended . Sound quality was also very poor ; at various points in the movie I could n't hear what was being said because of the loud background music . Not worth the money by a long shot !
 This video -LRB- I hesitate to call it a movie because it was NOT a movie . Just a loose assortment of scenes that were overacted , underwritten and barely directed . -RRB- was one of the worst things I have ever seen . There was n't a single moment when anything happening in it made sense . I watch soap operas , and this was n't even close to a parody . Say what you will of the soap genre , there 's better acting in any daytime sudser than in this piece of trash . At least in a soap opera , you feel for at least one character . I was hoping there would be a delightful twist where everyone was shot to death at the end , but no such luck . I guess they 're saving that for a sequel .
 Bad acting , writing , directing , camera angles , color , voice overs and editing . Not even the boy candy can hold your interest until the end of this mess .
 If you 're going to do a parody of soap operas , whether or not you make the characters are gay , the first thing you have to do is make it funny . This movie did n't even try . So low-budget that even the DVD was cheaply made , although not cheaply priced . You 'd be better off blowing your thirty bucks on scratch-off lottery tickets .
 This is neither the best movie nor the worst , but middle-ground . I think it attempts to be more than it is , which is mildly eye-popping . if you 're the type to actually WATCH soap operas and get a kick out of the spoofing of them , you 'd be better off with SOAP -LRB- the wonderful sally field movie -RRB- . If you 're into gay films , well there 's really not much of that here . sure you have one hubby lamenting the constant provocations of his brother-in-law , but that is only talked about , and you get very little of it on-screen -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- . the majority of the film is the over-the-top imitation bette midler performance offered by the grande dame -LRB- really a guy in drag -RRB- and her insane hubby . But the acting is all over the place , as sometimes the actors are playing it straight while delivering rotten dialogue -LRB- the actress playing cynthia is wonderful -RRB- and other times -LRB- the actors playing the hubby and the brother nicholas -RRB- the acting - and dialogue - are deliberately bad to showcase how bad soaps are in general . I really think the actors here could be good actors , but the thing is , like a lot of soap actors hired for their hunk appeal , they 're not meant to be good . But there are some bad casting choices here , mainly the houseboy , who seems to be a twink in search of a - what ? I could n't see the appeal , frankly , and found tiresome all the scenes which were about him or featured him . In fact , it seemed his scenes were all some different - purposeless - movie . One additional bit of carping , that I found distracting , is why are all the men wearing lip gloss ? I wanted to take a tissue and wipe all the faces . So if you 're looking for a gay film , you 're actually better off looking elsewhere . Or just rent this one , for an experiment . this is definitely a love it or leave it film .
 Joe Castro wrote and directed THE YOUNG , THE GAY AND THE RESTLESS with an obvious attempt to make us giggle at just how preposterous the daytime TV soaps are . In many ways he manages to show us that madness
 Well , there are things that are so bad , they are n't even funny anymore . Satire is a very demnding genre and should only be tackled by very good directors with a great cast . This just does n't cut it .
 Remember back when Hellraiser films used to , at least , be good gory B-movies , if nothing else . The original was a well made gothic noir and the first few sequels had interesting if not outright scary imagery . Of course , those days are long gone as evidenced by Hellseeker . A film that not only brings back Doug Bradley but also Ashley Laurence and proceeds to do absolutely nothing with them save for a few quick cameos . Despite what the back of the video box says , this movie is not so much about either of them as it is about Kirsty 's husband , Trevor , stumbling from one leaden scene to the next in a repetative fashion for an hour and a half , searching for Kirsty who is missing and presumed dead . Depite the lukewarm reception fans gave the last Hellraiser , Inferno , this one essentually repeats that sequel 's esthetic with a plot that owes a lot to Jacob 's Ladder and revelations the viewer guessed long ago if he or she even still cares by the end . Without giving too much away , this film pretty much trashes anything that fans liked about the early films and those lementing that Pinhead was being turned into a Freddy Krugerish type of monster will look at those sequels as the good old days when at least the filmmakers gave him something to do . What 's really sad is that while Jason , Chucky , and Michael Myers -LRB- which Dimension also owns the rights to -RRB- seem to be enjoying a revival in theaters , Pinhead is falling farther and farther down the abyss to made-for-TBS trashdom . The filmmakers seems to have lost any sense of what the Hellraiser films had that was unique or even a sense of what is scary -LRB- the new cenobites , what little is seen of them , are so cheaply done it 's insulting -RRB- The franchise needs a blood transfusion fast .
 Sometimes I think the whole HELLRAISER series is actually a series of metaphors about us , its fans . In the films , some fool goes out and obtains the box , brings it home with high hopes as to what it will do for him , and is brutally disappointed . Substitute `` movie '' for `` box '' and you have our collective history . We know in advance what fate awaits us when we rent a HELLRAISER film , but we do it anyway . People like us keep Pinhead - that is , the studio suits who grind these flicks out twice a year - in latex and chains.Ne ` er has a concept for a horror series been cooler , or offered a richer and more complex backstory , than did HR . And seldom has that concept been more badly and consistently bungled in execution , leading not merely to films which were weird , flawed and not what they should have been , but in some cases unwatchably bad and stupid . HELLSEEKER is somewhere between the two of these categories . It aspires to great heights , combining plot elements from films like MOMENTO and ANGEL HEART , but as it 's carried out it 's just a mess - confusing , disjointed , boring , and unpleasant to watch.HELLSEEKER is the story of Trevor Gooden -LRB- Dean Winters , the best thing about HBO 's prison opera , OZ -RRB- , a seemingly ordinary suit - ` n-tie office drone who nearly died in a car accident which may , or may not , have killed his wife Kirsty -LRB- Ashley Lawrence , reprising that role for the fourth time -RRB- . Gooden , whose head was badly injured when his car went bye-bye into a river , ca n't remember what happened to her , and the cops ca n't find her body . Gooden is anxious to discover his wife 's fate - especially since said cops do n't believe his story - but he 's plagued by chronic pain and an almost continuous series of hallucinations which make him seem guilty of something more than careless driving . When the people around him begin to turn up horribly murdered , Gooden begins to hallucinate about a puzzle box and a certain highly stylizied demon with nails in his mug and a penchant for torture . But who did what to whom , and why ... and what really happened to Kirsty?Like I said , the story aspires to be much more than the standard spatter - ` n-splatter horrorthon . And on a few levels , it succeeds . For starters , Ashley Lawrence is not only one of those women who gets hotter as she gets older , but her acting skills have improved dramatically over the years , and while her screen time is limited she has more to do than scream and run away from demons . Stylistically , the movie is appropriately noirish - everything looks washed out , shadowy and run-down , precisely the way a HR film should look . And certain events in the movie 's climax are pleasantly reminiscent of `` Incident at Owl Creek Bridge '' and `` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty '' in their mind-frakking , falling-into-place quality . But these things ca n't overcome the film 's basic problems , a short list of which would include sluggish pacing , confusing , epilepsy-inducing editing , a completely confusing storyline , listless direction , a forgettable script , and needless departures from the HR series mythology -LRB- how , for example , can Pinhead lay claim to souls who did not ever use the Box and were murdered in an ordinary way ? -RRB- . The biggest mistake the editor made was the decision to keep the hallucinations going full-clip throughout the flick , rather than having them build slowly over its course
 I cant believe how bad this movie is and what a disgrace this is to the series.The story was dull and pointless , while the acting was very bad.Pinhead appears for only 5 minutes and they do nothing with the actress who played kirsty.They only made this movie to milk more profits from this great series.I can only hope that the next sequals are not as bad.NOT RECOMMENDED !!!
 This to me is the worst movie of the franchise . I like the 1st 4 H e l l raiser movies I can give Inferno somewhat of a pass cause as a stand alone movie it 's decent if you got rid of Pinhead & TheH e l l raiser elements it would 've been a great suspense movie . But I ca n't give this the pass . I mean 3 & 4 get trashed but those at least still feel like H e l l raiser movies & are good sequels to me . Directed by Rick Bota who directed this part 7 & 8 & never directed since he 's done a lot of TV work . It stars Doug Bradley as Pinhead Ashley Laurence as Kirsty , Dean Winters as Trevor Goodsen & Trevor White as Bret . So the story is you have the return of Kirsty who Married this guy named Trevor Goodsen there involved in a car wreck where she went missing & Trevor wakes up in a hospital then you have a bunch of dream sequences & you find out that Trevor bought the box for Kirsty as a 5th Anniversry Present & I 'm thinking why did n't you say when I was 17 or whatever this happend . You have your typical cliche cops that are suspicous of Trevor & that he had some affairs on Kirsty . Cutting to the chase Trevor & his friend Bret were planning to kill Kirsty & split her inheritence money . He shoots Bret . Trevor finds out that they found Kirsty 's body . he goes to the mourge where Pinhead shows up Kirsty makes a deal to give Pinhead 5 souls so she kills 3 of the girls Trevor was cheating on her with she kills Bret & then Trevor which it 's wrote up that he killed himself . This is a awful sequel it feels like a movie made for Life Time . The plot where Trevor & Bret are going to kill Kirsty for her inhertence money just feels straight out of it . This gets praise for being the best since part 2 I 'm sorry part III is better IV is better Inferno has more going for it parts 7 & 8 as bad are better . If you like it that 's fine but this is my opinion . Rick Bota did a very bad job directing . What made him qualified to direct a H e l l raiser movie . Dean Winters he tried . Doug Bradley isn ; t given much to do . Ashley Laurence does n't even feel like the same character from part 1 & 2 . More of these bad direct to video sequels on the way .
 This is the worst Hellraiser and one of the worst movies in general I have ever seen . I love the hellraiser series alot so im not being biased or misleading . The movie is terrible even to the very end . It tries to be artistic by trying to mislead you in a ... . pseudo momento fashion exept fo it sucks . Hellraiser inferno was a better movie than this and that movie was lacking big time . The only reason to watch this movie would be for pin head and he is only in the movie for like 5 minutes . Also dont get exited over them bringing back kristie because shes barely in it and when she is shes totally different from the character you once knew . After I was done watching this peace of ... . I became frusterated . The hellraiser series has gone to hell and I wouldnt mind if they quit if they keep on dishing out movies like this . I herd that there making another movie in the series lets just hope they reedeem themselves and try not to have some ... . artistic vision and try to go back to the roots of the original and also put pinhead threw most of the movie . But only time will tell . If your new to the series skip this ... . and see hellraiser 1,2 and possibly 4 but 4 is kinda iffy too but better than 3 . happy viewing !
 Maybe I like my movies to be more conforming to normal plot patterns , who knows . All I know is the way the plot jumped around in this movie left me dizzy and frustrated . Plus , I know there 's been a desire to concentrate on the human characters rather than the Cenobites , but with this movie all the concentration is on Kirsty 's husband -- so much so that I became sick of seeing his face after 30 minutes of watching this flick . After Hellraiser II , the series just has n't been the same .
 Sad to say -LRB- although not unexpected -RRB- but the latest in the Hellraiser series is just plain boring . The acting is fine , the directing is passable , the cinematography is middling but the story & pacing is pitiful . As with the previous debacle `` Hellraiser
 My advice to anyone who purchases this film is to take it back to the store you got it from and demand a refund
 When the director of a film states in his commentary that `` we left -LSB- the best scenes in the movie -RSB- out because the only people who would appreciate it are the fans '' , you know you are in for something bad . This film was horrible , and totally dissrespected the original Hellraiser , and Hellraiser II films . How Clive Barker could have approved of this piece of trash is beyond me.Dean Winters needs to go back to acting school . The writers also need to take a few lessons in creating exposition that will keep the watcher 's interest . In the audio commentary , the director says that he cut out most of the dialogue that made sense of the film and kept it interesting because he wanted to keep it short . At an hour and 29 minutes , the film could have sorely benefited from the extra scenes . Why they would chose to cut short Kirsty 's scene with Pinhead at the end is beyond me - it is the best scene in the film.One would think that they would have learned from Hellraiser : Inferno . This treads very similarly along the same lines . Pinhead has little screen time as well . The thing that most upset me about this film however was the fact they made Kirsty a somewhat borderline evil character . When you have a fan favorite in horror movies , a hero or heroine , the worst thing you can do is turn them into a villian.Without ruining the plot , I will say that they totally betray what they portrayed Kirsty as in the first two films . Instead of the heroine , she takes on aspects of Julia from the first film and becomes completely unlikeable by the time the movie is over.Also they chose to cut out any exposition explaining Kirsty 's whereabouts since the last film at the risk of `` confusing people who have never seen the first two '' . Who the heck would buy this unless they were a Hellraiser fan to begin with ? Yet at the end , the film takes elements from the first two , that at the director 's admission will only make sense to those who have seen the first two.Again , a sore excuse to call a movie a `` Hellraiser '' and use Pinhead in it . It seems more like a movie that you would find on Showtime late night with B-rate acting and a really awful script . Poor Ashley Laurence.And finally - what happened to Tiffany ! -LRB- and I do n't mean the 80s singer -RRB- My advice to anyone considering watching or buying is to save your money and rewatch or buy Hellraiser or Hellbound.I only hope that the next Hellraiser installment , which sounds somewhat like a copy of latest Halloween plot where they are stuck in a house with cameras and Pinhead , is somewhat better !
 Hellseeker is not connected with Hellraisers 1-3 . It 's just another existing side story -LRB- like Inferno -RRB- that could have revolved around any other villian -LRB- besides Pinhead -RRB- , since the story rarely hints Hellraiser elements ; evidence anywhere . Pinhead is hardly in it , and the box is hardly mentioned . The studio 's are using the Hellraiser name to make money , but they are not making true sequels . They make some off-topic story about a man having nightmares , and at the end they tack on Pinhead -LRB- and the box -RRB- as the reason why the man is having the nightmares ! The studio and director are making some movie that has nothing to do with the main story of Hellraiser , and throwing Pinhead on the front cover , because he is a known , horror icon . It is misleading , disappointing , ignorant , and totally NOT fan-friendly . It is wrong , and all those behind these cheap sequels should stop creating them . Lastly , this is hurting the Hellraiser name . Plots like these , where we get a little twist in the end have nothing to do with Hellraiser . They 're more like side episodes that could have been made for a pay-channel or regular TV . Hellseeker does NOT correlate with the first several TRUE parts . It does not have a Hellraiser feel ...
 I watched this movie about 12 hours AFTER i got back from seeing `` THE RING '' , which made this movie `` oh so much '' worse . I decided to give good ol Pinhead one more chance , and after I viewed this terrible movie , I was ready to hold him down and pull each of those pins out , one by one.The plot made no sense at all . Poor trevor , he cant remember anything -LRB- he should have remembered to pass this role up -RRB- . But he does remember having sex with a bunch of not so attractive women , then they end up dead.The `` Return of Kirsty '' -LRB- which is why i even watched it -RRB- was nothing more than a barrade of flashbacks that did n't even take advantage of her past roles in the series.Pinhead makes a small appearance , his makeup looks TERRIBLE , and they ca n't even hide his new `` beer gut '' in a girdle for the costume ... it was horrible ! And the other cenobites were nothing more than quick cameos on the screen , and while this did work in `` The Ring '' -LRB- dont even get me started on this movie ... wow ! -RRB- , it did n't work in this flick . The Hellraiser series got famous for the terrifying cenobites and the off the top violence . This movie had neither . Ive put the nail in the coffin for Hellraiser and have made a vow to never subject myself to another new one again . Clive , take back your property , and keep these people from ruining your ideas any further than it already has , Ill wait on `` tormented souls ''
 All the fans who disliked this sack of bilge pretty much said it all for me . I just want to elaborate on what a slap-in-the-face to fans of the franchise it was that this movie shattered the `` Snow White '' archetype that the character of Kirsty Cotton originally was . The callous woman in this movie is the same Kirsty who charged into Hell 's labrynth in an ultimately futile quest to retrieve her father in * Hellbound * , the same Kirsty who risked her life saving Tiffany from falling into the depths of Hell in the same movie ? ... With every sequel , this series becomes less and less * Hellraiser * . True fans of the film should just agree that the series ended with the second movie . After all , if Pinhead had so failed that he was on the `` Pillar of Torment '' at the end , for what reason would Leviathan -LRB- pretty much the * Hellraiser * equivalent of the Devil -RRB- ever release Pinhead?Dimension Films , for the Love of Leviathan , please STOP churning out these abominations!P.S . -- I 'm not sure , but I think the `` Butterball '' Cenobite as well Chatterer can be very briefly seen in this one . And I agree that generally speaking , the Cenobites were very poorly done this time .
 Hellseeker had a lot of potential to be good . With Ashley Laurence returning as Kirsty , and Dean Winters , you have a returning characer and a good actor who could have stired up a little noise in a franchise that is getting more stale by the sequel , but unfortunately it did n't do it.There are just too many problems with this movie . Most important is the terrible script . While the overall concept is alright , there are too many scenes that do n't make any sense nor do they help the narrative ; they are there simply to be spooky . Unfortunately , they do n't `` spook '' , instead , they just confuse . The script could have left out several scenes and it would have no effect on the overall movie.Another problem with the script , is that Ashley Laurence has returned ... but to do what !? Her character of Kirsty is hardly in it ! This is where the movie could have benefitted from , but instead , she 's hardly in the movie . This kills because the characters of Kirsty and Pinhead have a past together , and to have them both in a Hellraiser again would have made for some great scenes and dialouge , but they 're only on screen together for no more than a minute !! The third problem with the script is that it 's written to be way too `` artsy-fartsy '' . There really is no terrifing moments , so the film relies too much on editing and `` spooks '' that try to add atmosphere to the overall movie . What you get is a mix of Hellraiser : Inferno and Jacob 's Ladder . This is really sad , because one of horror 's most original movies has become another victim to `` Sequel-itise '' . In fact , it 's very close to being called `` Hellraiser
 This is by far the worst of the Hellraiser movies . I would go as far as saying this was in the top five of the worst movies I have ever seen . I rented all six of the series this past weekend becasue I hear so much good things about this series . I was pretty much happy until I put Hellseeker VI into the DVD player . The movie made no sense , Pinhead is hardly in it at all . The Cenobites seem to be afterthoughts of the writer . There was no horror in this movie . If I had wanted to see `` Memento '' I would have rented that instead . If there are any plans for Hellraiser VII please somebody get on your knees and beg Clive to come back .
 Imagine capatilizing on the `` Halloween '' franchise just to have Michael Myers show up for three minutes ? Better yet . Does anyone remember the short-lived `` Freddy 's Nightmares '' series where most of the episodes only featured Freddy doing hosting duties . If you 're gon na turn a movie into a cash cow then you might as well pimp its most popular character for everything it 's worth and give the fans what they want to see.Sadly , this movie which seems promising -LRB- especially with the return of Ashley Laurance -RRB- is just boring . For a sequel with the heroine returning , it tries awfully hard to forget that it is even related to the other movies . Laurence despite a top billing gets very little screen time and if you watched the last Hellraiser , you are getting about the same amount from Pinhead as you did then ...
 Terrible ! Cheesy ! Unoriginal ! This once again had a horrible , totally off-topic plot . This is NOTHING like Clive Barker wanted it to be . Hellseeker revolves around this man -LRB- who was awesome in TV show Oz , his character is weak and under-written here -RRB- having bad dreams and flash backs . When we think the movie is finally moving forward , it just jumps into another drawn-out , confusing flash back . It 's like the director totally stole on Vanilla Sky where the viewers had no idea what was going on for an hour of the movie . Unlike Vanilla sky , the only difference in Hellseeker , is that the twist of the end does not nearly make up for it . Doug Bradly should refuse to star in such trash , where Pinhead is the least displayed and contained . These straight-to-video , cheap Hellraiser films could be so much better with a true to originals plot , some true graphic violence and gore , and NOT LIKE THE LAST THREE PARTS!The director -LRB- Rick Bota -RRB- and people behind the recent Hellraiser sequels -LRB- especially this one -RRB- actually think and say that fans will enjoy this ???! Thanks for ruining everything once again and pissing fans off everywhere ! If these are not going to be in the theater , it is more the reason to make them insane , graphic , and powerful , like the first 3 parts ! -LRB- especially 1 +2 , thank you Clive Barker -RRB- If your not going to make a true , stylish , dark , gory , violent Hellraiser like parts 1-3 , then STOP MAKING THEM ! And stop making crap that revolves around one victim the whole movie , it is B-O-R-I-N-G ! This `` Hellseeker '' sequel -LRB- I rented two days ago -RRB- only brings my impression of Pinhead down . These sequels are HURTING the originals . They stopped making sense with Bloodline . This is NOT how Hellraiser films are supposed to be ! Pinhead says his one-liners for less than 5 minutes again !!! I waited two and a half years for this ... ? A totally boring , repetitive plot . Pinhead is about total power , chaos , violence , intellect . In Hellseeker , just like in Inferno -LRB- but much worse -RRB- Pinhead is once again messing with one-persons head until we find out why the last 5 minutes of the movie . The cenobites were just there . They did not come through to our world at all . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT !!! Hollywood will do anything to make money . This is a perfect example . The director could have at lease gave some justice to the plot and how things happen . I could direct and write stuff much better than this . I have been a writer and a TRUE FAN since 1987 , but I have lost all hope , especially after the unacceptable video-release of Hellseeker . True fans are very sad that the director and production have continued this weak , slow , non-violent , mystery-story approach regarding the follow-ups to a once classic series . Hellseeker is the worst in the series , I do n't even consider them sequels anymore . Each chapter after part 4 -LRB- Bloodline -RRB- are like side these side-stories about one guy . It 's just not Hellraiser anymore . It does n't explore the amazing , interesting , violent unknown
 As this sixth installment of the series opens , Kirsty Cotton and her husband Trevor are making a little road trip . They appear to have gone through some rough times but are recovering . A momentary distraction and their car is headed off a bridge and into the river . Trevor escapes but ca n't get Kirsty out . He can do nothing but watch her drown.A month later he awakens in a hospital . It 's decided he 's well enough and is released , although he continues to be plagued by headaches and horrifying visions of torture and murder . Kirsty was never found , and the police are becoming increasingly suspicious of Trevor.Though the preceding movies varied in quality , even the least of them had something redeeming , something that made each worth watching . This one does not . Trevor 's delusions take up no less than the first forty-five minutes of the film . Approximately every five minutes the viewer is treated to an `` it was all a dream '' moment . Approximately every five minutes the viewer is tricked into thinking the story is going somewhere only to find that it has n't gone anywhere at all . This is n't clever . This is padding . And it 's absolutely maddening.As in the previous sequel , ` Inferno , ' Pinhead and his minions act as punishers of the wicked . In fact , this film is basically a rehash of that story , which itself was lifted from the vastly superior film ` Angel Heart . ' Why bother ? Unlike either of those movies , this one is an incomprehensible mess . I 'm not fussed that the Cenobites barely appear in the film . -LRB- People seem to forget that they had relatively little screen time in the original , too . -RRB- Just give me a good story.Worst of all , it completely rapes the character of Kirsty by having her do things so out of character she is unrecognizable . I suppose they thought bringing back Ashley Laurence might bring back fans who had abandoned the franchise , but all it 's likely to do is make them angry.With ` Hellseeker , ' -LRB- what the title means is anybody 's guess -RRB- this series has finally hit rock bottom . It flat-out stinks.The DVD includes a director 's commentary and some deleted scenes , but since I could n't bear to watch one more single moment of this awful movie I did not explore them . There is also a brief feature that demonstrates how some of the special effects were done .
 Dean Winters , doing his best impression of Ben Affleck , stars in this , the sixth installment in the constantly withering `` Hellraiser '' franchise . In `` Hellraiser
 This movie could have been better if they had decide not to release it at all . It was so bad that I got scared thinking of the how bad it was . Rather than seeing it I would recommend drowning yourself . It confuses you so much I ca n't even remember who I am . And Pinhead could easily get owned by my grandmother . This movie sucked . 1 star is generous .
 I really ca n't believe what has happened to this series . I was eagerly awaiting this film like most fans of the other films after the dissapointment of Hellraiser 5 , and the promise of Ashley Laurence -LRB- Kirsty -RRB- staring again just made it sound even better . The only problem , just like before in Hellraiser 5 the writer decided to go with a weird twisty detective story that did n't really explain anything new about the box or the cenobites . As a matter of fact you hardly ever see the cenobites let alone Kirsty . There is n't really any of the trademark gore or anything that will remotely frighten you , which I thought was kind of the point of these films.The only reason I did n't give this film one star was that in the last couple of scenes we actually get to see Pinhead with his chains , and in one of the additional scenes in the bonus section of the DVD ; Kirsty in a deja-vu scene with Pinhead , Chatterer and a few other cenobites where she strikes a deal with them again.As with the other Hellraiser DVD 's there is n't much in the way of amazing special features , and to any Hellraiser fans reading this you 'll probably want this film like I did to complete your series , but like the last film your probably going to watch it once and then let it sit on a shelf to gather dust.I really do hope this film is the last , it should have ended with Hellraiser 4 ... this WO N'T tear your soul apart !
 This is going to be short . I did n't like this movie for a few reasons : a -RRB- Little emphasis was put on plot explanation.b -RRB- We did n't get to see a lot of Pinhead.c -RRB- It was n't obvious enough that the man had tried to kill Kirsty.d -RRB- This movie was just stupid ; most useless crap ever . Pinhead had little airtime , and I 'm sorry , but they dragged that movie out way too much.Screw you guys , I 'm going home.And oh yeah , Pinhead?Shut the hell up .
 this one is even less like hellraiser , maybe the filmakers are running out of ideas but , it 's like the fifth one.it 's basically another detective story but a slightly more boring one that just keeps repeating itself.five reasons why this is a disappointing film1.it 's a repeat of hellraiser inferno2.it keeps repeating itself3.it 's slow and boring4.it 's not really hellraiser -LRB- again -RRB- 5 . why does it have pinhead on the front cover if he 's hardly in it?thats like the fifth one you expect him to be in it for a bit longer than he is , ok so he has a bit of a longer part in this one but it still is too short.the real main character isnt a very good actor so thats something else that is disappointing.and one more thing , why does the box keep ending up with Kirsty Cotten for no reason ?
 I tried to enjoy this movie , being a huge fan of Hellraiser , parts 2 and 4 being the best ones in my opinion . I was excited when I heard Ashley Laurence -LRB- Christy In Part 's 1 and 2 -RRB- was coming back . Her character is barely in this movie for a full twenty minutes . This movie is horrible in general , and compared to the other five hellraiser installements , it 's even worse . This movie barely has a plot , and you barely see Pinhead at all.One star is only for the fact it 's a Hellraiser Movie , one of the greatest series of all time . Otherwise , this movie is not worth seeing . Get the rest of the series and leave this one out .
 None of the films are good they all suck . Bad acting bad special effects and only lots of pointless gore . Who needs like 10 movies with that ??? only idiots who like violence in films . Avoid it at all costs .
 Before watching this film , Hell-raiser has always been for me one of the most intriguing well written works in Horror-suspense production . However , this does not apply in reference to this film . Aside from the fact that Pin-Hardly is hardly seen in the movie , instead of crazed mythical devil out for blood , he is now a `` Sympathetic negotiator '' , '' I will give you 5 souls for minds '' , '' now be a good little bitch and do n't act up again '' what the hell ! . The ending COMPLETELY made me retract any good feelings I had for this script and just film in general . Rather than giving a strong presence suspenseful chills with a slight complex metaphoric lesson , it gave more shallowness that was rather boring then chilling in addition to god awful plot twist centering on one-sided feminism , '' I dated a bad guy , but I 'm gon na blame everyone else because I 'm perfect and nothings my fault '' . All and all , this film was an epic fail , other reviewers have their opinions , but for me the ending left too of a sour taste for my liking , as it was predictable , unoriginal , expressed qualities uncharacteristic of Pinhead , and off-course empty .
 Hellraiser
 call this a film-no , call it a faliure-yes . I hate this film it is boring and pointless , it is nothing like the first 3 hellraisers , it is just a bloody porno with bits of gore and violence thats all.it is not worth the money not one bit , if you really must watch it then go on , but do n't say you have n't been warned.I saw this movie in the early hours on TV , and no wonder it is on at like 1-4 AM , no one watches it then i bet , they just use it as a fill in for when the TV station has no other programs to run : Si 'll spit on this movies grave , it is that bad it should not have even been released to VHS or DVD , it is a waste of space -LRB- even for VHS : S -RRB- so do not buy or rent or even watch this title by anyway .
 First off let me say that two stars is really being two kind . This is another one on the list of terrible sequels . It 's probably just me , but it seems like the more of these movies they make , the worse it gets , and the less we see of Pinhead and the Cenobites . This was n't scary at all . Frankly , I was bored to tears , and this is a total disgrace to Hellraiser fans . Inferno was already bad enough and they had the nerve to make another -LRB- horrible -RRB- sequel to add to the franchise . Let 's admit it , Inferno was a cop thriller ... not a Hellraiser -LRB- that was the first clue -RRB- . They waited 4 whole sequels later to bring back Kirsty Cotton for Hellseeker , and that 's the second clue that they are truely running out of ideas . I think the first Hellraiser was a classic , and now it 's time to end the madness .
 If Inferno had n't have come out before it , this movie might have been bearable . What it ended up being was an almost identical copy to the previous installment in both story , style , and direction.If youve seen Inferno , be prepared for a suck-fest . If you have n't , you might like it , as long as you are n't a Hellraiser purist . . it is nothing like the first 2
 I have had enough of `` Dimension Films '' sequals . The Hellraiser series ended after the second one -LRB- `` Hellbound '' -RRB- was made . Do n't waste your time with this movie ; it is far from living up to the first two Hellraisers .
 This inchoherent film lacks the horror and the tension of the previous Hellraiser Films -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- . Ashley Lawrence is only briefly in the movie . Dean Winters looks like he 'd rather be back in Oz . Doug Bradley -LRB- Pinhead -RRB- looks like he is just happy to be working . But do not be decieved , there is not a lot of Pinhead in this movie until near the end -- and only then does it seem like like Pinhead is n't a sharp as he has been . I wish Clive Barker would get an injunction against these guys.Caveat
 Hellraiser
 As a big fan of these films and thought the original was excellent and the follow up of Hellbound was even better than the first.Hellraiser III was again very good with great effects and quite good acting.Then came Bloodline , a slightly different aproach to the story but worked all the same.Then came Inferno and Hellseeker and i 'm wondering what went wrong with the original plot and storyline ?? . These 2 films are the worst i 've seen in the series which is dissapointing.A totaly new concept of the film emerged but wondered why ? with hardly any reference to the box of demons.In both these films -LRB- Pinhead ! -RRB- hardly appears which was frustrating as i expected him to be in them more as the series evolved as well as the other cenobites.Nice to see the return of Kirsty -LRB- Ashley Laurence -RRB- if only for brief moments , as she was a dominating charecter in the first two films.Looking forward now to Hellraiser : Deader and Hellworld and hoping these two films return to the original story and plot and give us some more of -LRB- Pinhead -RRB- and the cenobites and there terrorising world of Hellraiser .
 It seems like an eternity ago when Miramaxs ' genre label Dimension Films had acquired the rights to continue the story of Clive Barkers ' dark and sordid ` Hellraiser ' series . It seemed like the perfect partnership
 At least we can cherish the first 4 films of this too bad dying series . I have been a fan of hellraiser and the Mythos since i was 12 and 10 yrs later i would have never thought the series to come to this . This film is no differ from Inferno , just a differ cast . This reminds me of a extremely bad X-files episode . The cenobites , if that 's what you call them . The showing of them was so quick , hell it could have been Pamela Anderson and Howard Stern in Patent Leather Bondage Suits.As for Pinhead he lost all his edge with these last two installments . He is no longer the Prince of flesh , pleasure , and pain who would tear your soul apart . He is the Dr. Do Good saying , `` Well it 's O.K. this time , but next time i 'll have to tear you apart '' or `` Let 's make a deal . 5 souls for your soul '' . In since he is like the Grinch . His heart grew 5 times too much and that 's alot when you did n't have one.There was only one good scene and guess what ??? They cut it out . It gave more background on the Lament Configuration . They thought we did n't care about the Mythos . . Hellraiser is Mythos.Either bring back the old days or shelf the series and never compare this to the first film or the next three .
 Unlike some people I really enjoyed the HELLRAISER sequel that preceeded this one , INFERNO . It stuck more to the original concept -LRB- as in the original novel -RRB- than any of the other sequels , and actually had a new twist and a PLOT which is more than I can say for HELL ON EARTH -LRB- radio shack cenobites ... ugg -RRB- and the idiotic , predictable BLOODLINE -LRB- Pinhead in Space , just like the stupid Leprechaun -RRB- . So after the series had been so greatly revived by part 5 , I hoped , though doubted , that part 6 might be halfway watchable.Firstly this movie is a rip-off of ANGEL HEART and JACOB 'S LADDER . Secondly , it does the old `` it was only a dream '' trick every five minutes to the point where you can not follow the plot at all . The only redemable moment is the ending which is commendable but is n't worth waiting for through the entirety of the boring , lame and redundant film.Pass on this.The interesting thing is that the people who own the rights to this series also own the rights to HALLOWEEN -LRB- or did -RRB- . So if JASON VRS . FREDDY ever comes out and makes any profit , which it will no matter how campy it will doubtlessly be , then we will know whom Pinhead will eventually come face to face with . After that we can look forward to a reprise of the old monster movies like KING KONG VRS . GODZILLA which plagued the late fiftes and early sixties . Every horror movie icon will come back to fight another -LRB- which would also make for a great Playstaion 2 fighting game -RRB- . THE FLY will fight LEATHERFACE . CHUCKY VRS . LEPRECHUAN is inevitable . THE THING could show up at SLEEPAWAY CAMP . Personally , I think once a franchise has reached up to part seven or , worse yet part 10 like FRIDAY THE 13TH , there is little left to do but go campy or call it quits . FREDDY went campy -LRB- super campy -RRB- by the first sequel . He knew what was up . Chucky and Leprechaun followed his lead , and Jason took his sweet time but he made it . Unless Hollywood finally lets PINHEAD and MYERS and the other greats finally rest in peace , then eventually they will be doomed to cinematic cheese . HALLOWEEN 8 -LRB- with Busta and Tyra -RRB- is an alarming warning of this.Let 's hope they let PINHEAD maintain his dignity and throw in the towel . Some horror icons are too magnificent to go cheesy . But as for Chucky and Jason , hey Hollywood
 I found this movie to be better then inferno by far . 1,2,3 and even 4 are sill watched regularly by me . Hellraiser 6 tumbled along ... . To the point were we started getting very frustrated with the way the movie danced around not alowing you to grab it and hold it . Without a doubt this plot was a tare off Jacobs ladder , a rip off The Others , with a back drop of a Xfiles maratathon . And of course a pinch of hellraiser -LRB- Because there was a total of 40 seconds of cinobites and a few mins of pinhead -RRB- . No gore . No real blood baths . Just when the walls started coming down and classic hellraiser feelings started to flow though my body the movie was over . I was just really upset at how UNoriginal this movie was . maybe if Jacobs Ladder and The Others were never made would H6 be a movie worth bringing up . But those 2 movies exsist , and H6 totaly carbon copies them . Very disopointed . Please stop making hellraiser , its starting to feel like tales from the crypt with Pinhead special apperances .
 As these movies go on , the less and less you see of pinhead !! why do they even put his face on the cover anymore ? this series died aFter bloodlines . stick with the originals !!!
 The Hellraiser series is not a bad series . In fact most of the Hellraiser films are quite good and even the later ones in the series have some merit.Sadly this one does not because ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- Hellraiser and the Cenobytes are in it for about 7 minutes . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The story is ripped directly from Jacob 's Ladder and Angel Heart.It is a TV movie with some interesting production values but just based on points 1 and 2 above I think you have a good idea of where you should keep your money . Do n't even bother renting . Maybe next time you see a few seconds of it on the Sci-Fi channel at 4am you will understand how bad this is ...
 I totally hated this movie . do n't get me wrong hellraiser is my favorite movie , but the series get more boring as they go along . the only reason i bought this movie is cause kirsty cotton comes back . well , ashley laurence should kick her self for even being in this movie . she was only in it for at least 10 minutes of the film -LRB- not even -RRB- . i thought pinhead and kirsty would be battling . there was no plot at all . i do n't recommend you buy this movie , even if you are a hellraiser fan .
 Gee , this was quite SOMETHING ... definately SOMETHING . Well you ca n't polish a. ... but they sure tried.Like a more polished episode of the dreadful FREDDY 'S NIGHTMARES.But instead more convoluted -LRB- if possible -RRB- and a lot worse . This is hands down the worst HELLRAISER sequal . Even BLOODLINE can beat this meandering mess.DO NOT PAY thirty dollars for this , it is not even worth renting . I have all the HELLRAISER movies . And I like the last one INFERNO . But this is just substandard all the way . A slap in the face to HELLRAISER fans.Bland . Tired . Boring . It 's all the tired JACOB 'S LADDER cliches strung together in one dreadful 90 minutes . Let 's put it this way , if you are high on crystal or feeling very paranoid , this MIGHT scare you . MIGHT . If you are sober , you would be more scared by reruns of Romper Room .
 I am big fan of the Hellraiser films . I loved the orignal Hellraiser and the second film Hellbound
 Having seen the previous `` Hellraiser '' films I decided to rent the sixth Hellraiser film Hellseeker . I was excitied to see that Ashley Laurence returned to the series , that is about all to recommend in this film . The story was rather confusing , and very boring , not enough Pinhead . This is basically full of ideas lifted from other horror films . If you 're a Hellraiser fan , go out and rent the first movie again . Skip this one !
 - Mimic 1 2 and 3 , Scream 1 2 and 3 , several Children of The Corn movies , Halloween H20 and Halloween Resurrection , Hellraiser Bloodline and Inferno ... All worthless !!! Someone need to take a lawsuit against Dimension Films for making these kind of movies ! Apparently they are planning a Pinhead versus Michael Myers ... But , please dont ! Please make a decent sequel for one of the many horror franchise you 've bought ! Like Bloodline -LRB- the only watchable Hell movie from Dimension -RRB- and Inferno , there is almost NO Pinhead at all . The movie attempts to go back to its roots but fails like never before . It is however more watchable than the ridicoules INFERNO chapter . Dimension Films has lost it !!! I would recomment everbody NOT to buy any more films from Dimension Films at all ! We NEED to get rid of them !
 I found this item when I was searching for JACK LORD . Up popped `` Smilin ' Jack '' -- a series I 've never seen -- and Jack Lord is NOT , and never was , a part of this show . There is an actress whose last name is `` Lord '' , but that 's a pretty lame excuse for this to be `` classified '' as an item relating to Jack Lord.It 's not . Buyer beware .
 After collecting serials over the years , finally , I have found the absolute worst one I ever purchased . Granted , Universal Pictures was certainly not famous for their serials ... the exceptions being
 I was curious as to why this movie left the theatres so quickly . Now only one thing puzzles me . How can a movie with so many talented actors be such tripe ? This movie limps and stumbles , and then it gets bad . Two dance scenes would have been worth watching IF they had n't been interrupted by flashback/dream scene/ODD interruptions . The lyrics , when they existed at all were trite and painful . Rent it before you consider buying . Better yet , ask to preview it at the rental place - the first 5 minutes are about as good as it gets .
 I have loved this musical for so long , and was so horrifically disappointed to find out I had missed its release in theatres . So , I rented it . SO MUCH was changed from what made the musical so amazing and vulnerable . If you had seen the musical , I ca n't see how you would consider this anything akin to it apart from `` similar '' , and if you have n't seen the musical , I 'm not sure you would fully understand what the hell was going on.Big fat no on this one .
 This is not a kind review and I am not a professional critic . I just felt this movie was so bad that I want to warn anyone who is skeptical of the movie musical genre not to waste their time or money . If you want to see something fresh and invigorating - go rent the nearly 10 year old Moulin Rouge.As for NINE , do n't waste your time -- it 's awful from start to finish . This movie has an insanely dull talk/sing/talk / sing pattern that never deviates and quickly creates a sense of dread and compulsive clock watching . The songs and story here are not overly compelling and you wo n't walk away humming any tunes.As for performances , the lady who played the wife did a stunning job despite her obviously limited vocal range . Daniel Day Louis gives a stunning performance -- too bad he has to play such a pathetic and uninteresting character . I also agree with critics who claim Fergi steals this show as she seems to have some real power in her pipes .
 When I heard that Rob Marshall was doing Nine , I was excited because he re-imaged Chicago briliantly for the wide-screen . He went bad when he did NINE . Those of us who saw it on Broadway with Raul Julia and/or Antonio Banderas know what this musical should be like . Over HALF of the songs are missing . Lots of confusing photography , filming it like an MTV video with everyone getting their star turn and song . Awful . Penelope Cruz 's number , which was so sensual with Anita Morris and Jane Krakowski looked bland . First of all they have Cruz dressed in a tart like outfit from an underwear catelogue . Morris wore a black sequined body suit , Krakowski wore a flesh colored one with sequins . On Broadway Krakowski slithers down a silk cocoon upside down and sings A Call from the Vatican . The image is like the snake crawling down a vine in the Garden of Eden seducing the prey . It was a show stopper every night . Same thing when Morris did it in 1982 . Cruz swings some ropes around and looks like she is going to trip , not sexy at all . I have tried to watch Nine on cable or on DVD rental and each time I either fell asleep or just stopped it . So frenetic that the thread is lost . It is a personal show about a man 's struggle to come to grips with his life . Both times on Broadway the sets were simple , featuring instead the story , songs and performances . Go see the show if it tours near you instead .
 I was SO BORED during this movie !!! I thought with the spectacular cast there would be no chance of that , but I was sure wrong . I was BORED , BORED , BORED .
 This story line kept drifting from a dead mother to a mistress to a wife and movie writer that could n't . It zigged and zagged so many times I felt dizzy . This certainly was no Chicago or Cabaret . Too many dips and not very entertaining . A total flop in my opinion .
 I 'm actually still watching this technically , as I 'm letting it play in the background on my computer while I 'm typing this . That should give you some indication of how boring this movie actually is . Especially as someone who loves musicals , I was extremely disappointed in this film . There are so many wonderful actors cast and , for some reason , almost none of them seem to deliver . The only exception is Marion Cotillard , who is far to good for the material she 's been given . The worst thing of all , however , is that , despite the film being a musical , almost none of the actors can carry a tune . It 's almost embarrassing how bad some of the musical numbers are . Once again , Marion Cotillard is one of the only exceptions , along with Nicole Kidman -LRB- who has maybe fifteen minutes total screen time ... what a waste -RRB- and Fergie , who brings some serious musical chops to her five or so minutes on screen . The rest of the musical performances are either boring or forgettable -- as is much of the movie .
 Nine is the type of movie that I 'd expect to love . Great cast , great performances , great director , visually interesting , sexy , provocative . Yet , all that is not enough to make it particularly good . One of the problems is that as a musical , the music is n't particularly good . Marion Cotillard gives another great performance and Penelope Cruz spends the majority of her time on screen in a sexy corset and garters , which explains the Oscar nomination . Oscar likes his corsets . The garters alone are almost enough to get three stars from me ... almost . Bottom line is that Nine is no Chicago
 This adaptation of the stage musical based on Fellini 's 81/2 makes me want to see the musical ; not because the movie is good , but because it looks like the stage musical would be pretty good . The film offers some decent production numbers and some very pretty well dressed -LRB- and undressed , and barely dressed -RRB- women . May be worth seeing if you really like stage musicals just to catch a glimpse of what the live production might be like . Or if you just really like looking at pretty women well filmed .
 Despite the having sexiest and most talented actress and spicy dance numbers this movie was a real snoozer . I tried to like this movie , I really did . Even sat through it to the end , but I could not symphasize with the card board characters ... very disappointed . We can all relate to the lives of overpaid , under worked directors who have the luxury of chasing skirts all day , , , , I can really relate to his pain
 What is this film trying to say ? Whom is it trying to reach , and how ? Did the filmmakers ever ask these questions ? They sure did n't answer them . -LRB- How fitting that a film about a director struggling with a script shoul n't have one . -RRB- Assuming this was a musical -- was it ? -- I doubt there has ever been one with such non-catchy songs
 Guido Contini -LRB- Daniel Day Lewis -RRB- is a beloved Italian director who is having writer 's block for his upcoming film . He is pressured to make a succesful film , which is supposed to start production in 10 days . However , there is no script and the film appears to be top secret to the press . Contini is being haunted by visions of his dead mother -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- and seems to be headed for a nervous breakdown . It also does not help that Contini 's lust for women is creating tension in his marriage to Luisa -LRB- Marion Cotillard -RRB- . Needless to say , his career and personal life are at risk.The chracters in this film are lacking and not engaging by any means . Truly , I felt that all these big name celebrities were just thrown into this mess to allure audiences to see it . There is no heart or connection to this film and for a musical , I was disappointed . There is are a lot of holes in this film and overall , this film lacked intensity and spirit . Contini is in a state of woe is me and it just sounded like blah , blah , blah everytime he opened his mouth .
 I expected a lot out of this movie , between Rob Marshall , Daniel Day-Lewis and the assortment of actresses , but it left me cold . I just read all four other customer reviews , and Doug I have to say , yours was so thought-provoking and perceptive - and I 'd say brilliant . You really hit every nail on the head , esp . regarding Marshall . I just get the sense you liked it a little more than I did - and that what you disliked bothered me a little more than it did you.I 'd still like to see `` 8-1/2 , '' and it was helpful to have all that backstory . I also wish I 'd seen the Broadway production with Raul Julia . In fact I was just looking to see if I could find a tape of that when I came across these reviews.I just wish I 'd read reviews before I went to see the movie . Normally I try to , but this one sold itself with the cast , who unfortunately were n't used to their potential . Part of the `` cinema '' experience is the icons of film , such as Daniel Day-Lewis , Judi Dench , Sophia Loren ! And the others have their own various degrees of celebrity and talent . So I would n't go so far as to say they should 've cast no-names with a higher level of musical talent - although on Broadway that could 've worked -LRB- ex . for the Guido role -RRB- . It just needed to be a different kind of movie .
 I heard a lot of praise and `` hoopla '' for this movie , but when I , my husband , son , and his fiance started watching it we turned it off . To much raunchy content for our tastes . I was so disappointed that I actually paid money for it . I 'll do a little bit more investigation before purchasing DVDs .
 I am in shock that such a film would be made in 2008 . I am old enough to recall the 1960s . I do n't want to go back there . Besides , the music is lame , everything I hated about uptight society in the 1960s . Stale dance numbers that seem to have been lifted from the 1950s . Do something new , or do n't bother.Daniel Day Lewis plays an Italian director . This is a farce . Lewis speaks English with a horridly bad Italian accent throughout . Not credible . The whole film is in English . Also a farce . Italy is not England . Italian is not translated English . So , basically , I have no idea what this film is supposed to be about . Why does Judy Dench speak the Queen 's English , and others do not ? The only Italian woman in the film was Sophia Loren , and she spoke English . Aussie actor Nicole Kidman trying to be Italian was ludicrous.Released in the USA , the producers obviously thought Americans have no patience for subtitles , and that Americans think people in Italy only speak English with an accent . News flash
 Having trouble sleeping ? Put this turkey in your DVD player , and you 'll be out like a log within half an hour , I guarantee it.The problem is the musical itself . Back in the day , musicals used to have great -- music ! Imagine that ... `` The Sound of Music , '' `` South Pacific , '' `` Oklahoma , '' `` My Fair Lady , '' `` Man of La Mancha '' -- each of these immortal shows had not one , not two -- but a whole evening 's worth of memorable melodies , with sparkling lyrics!Really , the guy who wrote the execrable music and lyrics here -- Maury something , he sounds like a talk-show host -- should have been locked in a room with DVDs of the musicals I just listed . If , after several weeks of study and inspiration , he could n't write ONE song up to the level of `` The Impossible Dream '' or `` On the Street Where She Lives '' or `` Oh What a Beautiful Morning '' -- and I feel rather certain that he could n't , given what miraculous works those are and what a mediocre talent he seems to be on the evidence of this show , then he should find another line of work . Perhaps there are some openings again on Wall Street , who knows.So I do n't blame Rob Marshall for this nicely photographed mess . Or the brave actors who work so hard putting across these terrible tunes.Instead I blame everyone , starting with the producers of the Broadway production , who enabled this most unmusical of musicals.I mean , the Nina Rota score in 8-1/2 puts 9 to shame , and Fellini 's great movie was n't a musical.So if you 're having trouble sleeping , by all means buy a copy of this DVD and keep it in your medicine chest . Otherwise , stay well clear of this epic embarrassment , or do n't say I did n't warn you !
 The musical sections were just boring and awful . Everything else was interesting . This could have been an interesting movie if not for the elaborate musical bits . There just was n't a singable hit tune in the bunch so they should have dropped them all .
 `` Nine '' contains one of the best modern musical scores , but unfortunately only about half of Maury Yeston 's songs make it into Rob Marshall 's miscalculated adaptation of the stage show , which itself was based on Fellini 's `` 8 . '' The actors , including Daniel Day-Lewis , Marion Cotillard , and Penelope Cruz , are terrific , and the film is beautifully shot . The main problem lies in Marshall and writers Michael Tolkin and Anthony Minghella 's mistakes in handling the material as a musical.In Marshall 's `` Chicago , '' the musical numbers were presented as the `` fantasies '' of Roxie Hart 's vaudeville-obsessed dreams , and the conceit worked really well -- for THAT film and THAT musical . Unfortunately , the same musical numbers-as-fantasy device is employed here , and it simply does n't work with this show . `` Chicago '' is presented on stage as `` a musical vaudeville , '' in which the musical numbers exist in a deliberately `` staged '' form . The fantasy makes sense in the context of Roxie 's dreams . Not so in `` Nine , '' where the musical numbers just exist organically within the drama , whether in flashback or in the present . In the film `` Nine , '' each number is presented as a fantasy -- but why ? The protagonist , flailing film director Guido Contini -LRB- Day-Lewis -RRB- , has no reason to have `` musical '' fantasies -- he 's a film director.This makes the film `` Nine '' less a musical , than a `` musical , '' in which the songs are not to be taken literally . It 's as though Marshall feared audiences would not believe that the characters simply sing because they just DO , but felt the need to make it easier to accept by making the songs `` dream sequences . '' Does not work at all -- it undermines the drama of the story by abruptly shifting the tone , while also making it lose its integrity as a musical . It 's a shame , too , because there is so much talent in this film . This would have worked a WHOLE lot better if more songs were retained and this was just presented as it is on stage -- in which the characters sing , not because it 's fantasy , but because it 's a MUSICAL .
 The movie musical `` Nine '' is an insult to the genius of Federico Fellini and that of Tommy Tune . The Broadway musical is based on Fellini 's film `` Eight and a Half '' which deals with the director 's movie-making block in the 1960 's . He went to a spa to recuperate and began to envision a thrilling confessional style . The title came from the fact that he had just finished his eighth film and could n't decide what his ninth film would be about . Tommy Tune adapted the film for Broadway using the health spa as his only set . The musical showed all the women in his mind and what they had meant to him and alas what he did to them . Fellini let us see his guilt and where it came from . Tommy Tune and Maury Yeston made it sing . It was a phenomenal experience.When I heard that Rob Marshall was considering making a film version of the show , I was concerned because the score is not one of Broadway 's best and that the dramatic intent of the score would not come across on screen . I also thought that Marshall is not yet the great film maker that Fellini was and could in no way come up to the Maestro 's standards . I was proven right . I was so dismayed that Marshall set in the film on a movie set and not in a spa . This is very indicative of Marshall whose style is rather cartoonish and bombastic as evidenced in his film version of `` Chicago '' which razzle-dazzled itself into caricature rather than the deadly satire that was Fosse 's vision so beautifully recreated in Walter Bobby 's Broadway revival . Federico Fellini was a master at combining the subtle with the grotesque . His choice of the spa gave him the freedom to move from the everyday to the realm of the protagonist 's dreams and memories.The clean white walls of the spa were blank canvases on which Fellini was able to take his audience into the mind and heart of Guido 's nervous breakdown . We were given nothing of Daniel Day-Lewis ' inner conflict -- just running up and down staircases and scowling at the camera . Who was this man for whom women suffered ? Marshall had no idea . But then Marshall has trouble capturing the nuances of his male characters . For example , Richard Gere , who is a fine subtle actor was nothing but a cardboard character in `` Chicago . `` As to the three main women in `` Nine '' they are symbols of three facets of women . Kidman is the ice queen . Cruz was the whore ; Coitilard the long-suffering wife . With his ending of `` Nine '' Marshall would have us think that these women are Fellini 's inspiration , but they are only his instruments upon which he plays his songs . Fellini had much more to film than just some little romance , which seems to be what Daniel Day-Lewis was working on at the end of `` Nine '' the movie . Fellini never made a little romance -- his vision was epic . Marshall 's is myopic.Again , when the `` Nine '' news came out , I thought Marshall was making a bad decision . He just is n't equipped with subtlety . I wish he had chosen Sondheim 's `` Follies '' which is certainly more in his range with great parts for women and cold , torn men . I do think given the right material Marshall can be one of our great directors . Hey , Rob , go back to Broadway and direct a few little plays . Trust the material first and out it will come mastering of your craft.One last note
 I was so disappointed when I missed Nine in the movie theater . I have a huge soft spot for musicals and thought that the all star cast would make for an outstanding film . Boy was I wrong !! There is on word that can summarize this movie
 This latest musical based on the 1982 musical -- which is based on Frederico Fellini 's 1963 film8 1/2 -LRB- The Criterion Collection -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- -- `` Nine '' comes from Rob Marshall -LRB- Chicago -LRB- Two-Disc Collector 's Edition -RRB- , Memoirs of a Geisha -LRB- Widescreen Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- -RRB- and it does n't make the greatest impression . You would think a film with powerhouse actresses like Sophia Loren , Judi Dench , Nicole Kidman , Penelope Cruz , Marion Cotillard , and Kate Hudson , plus the awesome Daniel Day-Lewis , would be at least promising . Unfortunately , `` Nine '' was n't meant to be . The music is neither catchy nor memorable , and the acting is so-so . The only stand-out who makes the two-and-a-half stars I gave this was Marion Cotillard . WOW ! I admit that I have n't been too crazy about her -LRB- even though she has wowed critics -RRB- . But Cotillard MAKES THIS MOVIE ! It 's just a shame it 's not enough to make it a good film . Nevertheless , Cotillard is awesome in this and I think she should have won the Golden Globe nomination and should have been nominated for an Oscar rather than Penelope Cruz.When it all comes down to it , I would n't even give this a rent unless you REALLY want to see it . Otherwise , skip it and watch the gem of this film -- Cotillard -- in a great movie
 `` Nine '' was the broadway musical adaptation of Federico Fellini 's `` 81/2 '' and was brilliantly directed by Tommy Tune . The show was notorious for not being audience friendly but the movie is audience hostile . Admittedly `` Nine '' is almost impossible to translate to the screen but so was `` Chicago '' and several years ago , Rob Marshall razzle-dazzled the world and `` Chicago '' even took home the Oscar for best picture . This time with `` Nine '' Mr Marshall not only trips , he stumbles and lurches and falls hard on his derrierre . What he has done is combine the black and white photography of the original movie with elements of the broadway musical and it does n't work . Tommy Tune achieved the combination by having the entire set , even the floor set in white tile , while the actors were dressed in black . They could n't do this for the movie , granted but the constant switching from black and white to color to black and white was annoying -- also annoying was dropping 90 % of the musical numbers and throwing in a couple of new songs that were n't very good.Daniel Day-Lewis as Guido is played as a drowsy-eyed , slouching , chain-smoking and charm-free womanizer you wonder why all these gorgeous women are throwing themselves at him . And speaking of smoking the ENTIRE CAST chain-smokes to a point where it 's beyond ridiculous . I did n't check but it would seem a tobacco company must be one of the producers.Penelope Cruz has a good time performing `` A Call From The Vatican '' but believe it or not , had the number been performed as in the broadway show the movie would have had to be rated R.The best in the movie is Fergie and her `` Be Italian '' number is teriffic , and for this moment Mr Marshall gets off his derriere and stirs up some magic . This number also combines black and white with color but here it is used to its best advatage . The scenes of young Guido and his class-mates chasing Fergie through the sand to the surf , filmed in black and white is close to the same scene in Fellini 's original , albeit without the singing and tambourines.The two star rating is for Fergie but the movie is slow , boring and an endless advertisement for cigarettes .
 One of the bottom 3 movies that I have ever seen . Plot was horrible , Music was worse . I will never be able to take Daniel Day Lewis serious ever again . 2 hours of my life wasted , worst 5 bucks ever spent on a video rental .
 Federico Fellini was considered one of the great directors of all time . His films inspired not only the people of Italy but film makers around the world . As is the case with most famous directors , Fellini had his ups and downs , his hits and misses , but he was always considered inventive and original if nothing else . His film `` 8 `` is considered a masterpiece . So it only seems natural that the film was turned into a stage musical and now the film , NINE.Daniel Day Lewis stars as Guido Contini , an Italian film maker who is being rushed into his latest project . Dazed and confused , Guido has no script and no idea what his film will be about . But this does n't stop the producer from touting the making of the new film to the press and the crew preparing for Guido 's next masterpiece.The problem is that Guido has no idea what to do next and has yet to reveal this to the crew or the cast . As he is frantically rushed from one place to the next , he escapes and heads off to a secluded retreat where he calls in his mistress , Carla -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- . But even Carla does n't have the ability to crash his writer 's block . Before he has a chance to even attempt it , the producer and his crew show up at his hotel and begin work there on the same film ... which he does n't have.Things get more complicated when his wife Luisa -LRB- Marion Cotillard -RRB- arrives . When she sees his mistress in the hotel restaurant , she heads for her room , crushed that Guido and his womanizing ways have n't changed after their years together . Guido may enjoy time spent with his mistress , but in his own way he loves his wife . It is the women in Guido 's life that have influenced him the most , from the town tramp when he was a child to his mother to his wife.Confused and not sure where his life is going , Guido seeks out any truth he can find . He talks to a monsignor at the church , his friend and favorite costume designer Lilli -LRB- Judi Dench -RRB- and even the spirit of his deceased mother -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- . But in the end , Guido must come to grips with the reality that he is hollow when it comes to true love . And in making this journey of self discovery , Guido finds the inspiration for his next film . The only problem is the pain he has caused himself and others to find his solution.Fellini based `` 8 `` on his own life . The story of the making of the film falls directly into what happens here as well as that film . He did find himself unable to make a new film , to find the right story . And in realizing this , he found the story that he may be best remembered for.But the musical film here lacks the panache of a Fellini film . It covers the surface of his views on women between garter belts and bustiers dressed on overly endowed -LRB- or uplifted -RRB- females . But there was so much more to Fellini than this . And until the last 25 minutes or so of the film , this never seems to come out.The hustle and bustle of making movies , of trying to find that next hit , is portrayed here as little more than running from one spot to the next . The self interest of this director who lets people wait while he dallies away his days comes across , but rather limply . The musical numbers , the center piece of any good musical , seem lackluster and just there -LRB- with the exception of `` Be Italian '' performed by Fergie -RRB- . These should be songs that you walk away singing or in your head . That does n't happen here.Director Rob Marshall had a huge hit with the film CHICAGO based on another famous musical stage production . His visual and staging style show when compared side by side , with perhaps more soundstage sequences apparent in CHICAGO . Here , we find ourselves whisked away to locales in Italy and then transported to a single stage set up where almost all musical numbers are performed . It 's as if the film ca n't decide whether to be about film making or about a stage production . In so doing , it takes away a tremendous amount from the film.While watching this movie I found the dreaded kiss of death in my hand . I constantly checked the timer to see just how much more of the movie there was to go . With the exception of the last 25 minutes , I found little to enjoy here . Instead I was bored . The only saving grace was that in watching this film , it made me want to go back and see `` 8 '' , which I 've never had a chance to do . With any luck it will be as things are with most original films , much better than the remake .
 The cinematography and the lighting of each scene is superb . When the reporter -LRB- played by Kate Hudson -RRB- remarks that the main character 's movies include each shot that 's like a postcard , one ca n't help but relate to the comparison for this film . Yet , the movie 's plot is thin and the bottom line is even thinner . One does n't relate or feel even the slightest hint of sympathy for the director who is having a middle-life crisis and who is strangely played by Daniel-Day Lewis.Penelope Cruz 's musical opening number is the best thing in the movie . Having said that , I think it 's uncalled for to give Penelope an Oscar nomination for her role in `` NINE . '' She might be the best thing about the movie , but that 's not saying much . Also , Cruz has had so many more outstanding performances that went unnoticed it 's almost sacrilegious to recognize this performance over the others . Particularly , her performance in `` Elegy '' was breathtaking.The biggest surprise about this movie is perhaps Fergie 's musical number - it 's more upbeat and dramatic than the rest of the film.On their own , there are likable characters in this film - the costume designer played by Judi Dench . Still , it 's not enough to save this film and , definitely , this is not a film of Oscar caliber .
 `` Nine '' , the musical redux of Frederico Fellini 's masterwork , `` 8 '' is nothing more than 4.5 version of the great work . Where the Fellini film soars with mystery and lyrical magic this film flounders on square wheels in an over used set at Cinecitta . The film is visually stunning and eye-popping especially when the camera gets out into Rome . But beyond that it vary rarely soars . Part of the problem is in the editing of the musical numbers . Cardinal rule MGM 101 ; never cut off the dancer 's legs - show the footwork ! Let the camera move with the dance and a close up only at the end of the number . In only one shot in the film is the camera allowed to move in full frame of the dancers . `` Be Italian '' has that shot as the camera sweeps along the chorus line of lovely ladies lead by Saraghina and gives a glimmer of what this film could have been.So with the loss of the Fellini magic and poor editing what is left . The Ladies . Each and every one of the female stars from Sophia Loren to Judi Dench are stunning , sharp and dazzling in there performances . This is the only saving grace of the film , even Nicole Kidman who seems too old and miscast as Claudia still manages to be entertaining . -LRB- Remember the lush young beauty of Claudia Cardinale in playing Claudia in `` 8 '' and you will see what I mean . By miscast . -RRB- The real treasures of the film are Penelope Cruz as Carla and Marion Cotillard as Guido 's wife . These two women just blow everyone off the screen in their scenes.And at last we come to Guido , Daniel Day Lewis is more complaining than soul searching as Guido . He is bogged and mired in self-pity where he should be floating in and out of his artistic block and his ethereal dream world that he so wants to translate onto film . I am sorry to say he was disappointing . But I do n't think that is his fault . I leave that to the director Marshall who should have know better than to lead Lewis and the ladies into an MTV mashup of what could have been a great musical re-dreaming of an Italian classic .
 Just to let you know I am not a fan of `` Nine '' . Music is okay ... `` Unusual Way '' , is the best song . I rented this movie and it has taken me three nights to watch it and I am still trying to get to the end . I keep falling asleep!If you think this is a great musical and that it is exciting we really do live in the age of complacence .
 I truly regret going to see this film and wasting 2 hours of my day . The film was a complete bore , and I nodded off in the theater a couple times during the show . The story and dialogue did n't give me anyone to care about in the film . I could have cared less about how everyone ended up . The musical numbers were not at all memorable , did n't have tunes that stuck in my head , or lyrics I could sing along with . As for the dance choreography -- what choreography ? The dancing routines looked like no thought had been put into them.As for the actors and actresses
 I know ... I know ... Chicago won all those awards ! As in Chicago all female performances are done by actresses who really dont sing and dance that well . In Chicago every dance scene is cut after 10 seconds and editted together . In this film , Penelope Cruz is afraid of looking into the camera , and all the dance scenes are filmed from Row M in the back of the theater . I guess this is done because Cruz and others cant give a believable closeup , just as Zelweigger could n't in Chicago . It takes a special kind of talent to be able to do the `` Vamp '' thing and look right into the camera lens . I do n't know who 's the bigger incompetent here , Marshal or Cruz , but to waste DD Lewis and have him sitting around grinning convincingly is a shame , and we are never treated to experience any real `` spirit '' or guts . It 's all a showy spectacle that lacks the heat the play within the play is supposed to be so full of .
 The main issue that I have with Rob Marshall 's Nine is that there really seems to be no heart and soul in it . The story is there , but nothing is really done with it . Stars enter and exit , and there is never really any feeling in the characters , nor is there a single memorable song throughout the entire movie , aside from Fergie 's `` Be Italian , '' which is actually kind of cool . The music and the songs are very bland and generic , and take away rather than add to the story and to the drama . Everytime song would begin , I would sigh in discomfort because I knew that the drama was going to be interrupted.Daniel Day-Lewis is Guido Contini , a distinguished Italian film-director who has most recently released three flops , which seem to overshadow his previously applauded films earlier on in his career . The story deals with his struggles involving a new movie script , and with the many women in his life . He is asked early on at a press conference if he is out of ideas , a question which he puzzles and chews over throughout the duration of the movie . He is constantly hassled about the next script , but sees no reason why it is anybody 's business , including his own.The women in Guido 's life are introduced as follows
 If you are familiar with Fellini , 81/2 , or Nine , avoid this movie . Should you not heed this warning , see this movie on an empty stomach . Yes it is that bad . Colorful yes but empty . They redid the Broadway score and turned it into music for a cheap strip club . I do n't know what Lewis was doing but it was not acting . He was just going around `` emoting '' all the time in a way that made him look silly . Horrid accent as well . I could not make it through this film . I heard it was bad but figured I would give it a chance ... nope ... it is that bad .
 I ran to the theater to see this movie , largely because of the cast - especially Mr. Day-Lewis . I am not a big fan of musicals , but somewhere in my mind I was expecting a smart , sophisticated and entertaining movie like Chicago or Cabaret . I do n't recall exactly how long it took , but sometime during the first half hour I realized I hated the movie and began considering the merits of leaving early . I give it two stars , one for each of the things I liked
 Well , lighting did not strike twice with Rob Marshall 's direction of the screen adaptation of `` Nine . '' Yes , `` Chicago '' was an immensely great achievement . Was it luck ? That is arguable . Anyway , what we have here is a bastardized version of the brilliant stage show . Yes , the screen is a completely different medium and adjustments have to be made . However 3/4 of the wonderful Maury Yeston score is gone and the addeded numbers are atrocious . Without going into morbid detail , I believe when you have a piece that is so theatrical , transfering to the screen is a losing battle . The thrill of `` Nine '' on the stage was Tommy Tune 's masterful direction and choreography and the perfect cast . The plot took a back seat . In the screen version , most are miscast and use of star power obviously did not work . The most beautiful song in the show , `` Unusual Way '' is destroyed by Nicole Kidman . The film is a mess from beginning to end and my guess is Rob Marshall 's reign as a film director is over .
 What a waste of this marvelous cast . Each one of the ladies is mesmerizing onscreen , but just like in the plot for the film , they really have nothing to work with . Daniel Day Lewis is wonderful , but it 's an insipid role , and his character is one of the most uninspirational characters in all of cinema . What a waste of time to watch this flat , lackluster film full of amazingly talented people .
 This film reminds me of an old saying
 Perhaps I do n't have the right background to appreciate this performance . But I saw enough to make me glad that I did n't spend big bucks to see this on stage . Great dancing , but very little memorable music.If you 're heavily into Italian cinema , specifically Fellini 's , you may find this worthwhile . I 'm not ... and I did n't .
 I saw 9 in N.Y. and loved it ... when i heard they would do a movie ... i just had a feeling i would n't work . when i saw the previews i thought forget it . well , last week i thought i 'd give it a try and even if i knew better i folded and bought a used copy ... well i was right the stage show was wonderful and tommy tune did a great job with it ... this you can forget . why do these people think that casting non-singers in a musical will work ? like mame-mis casting can bomb a movie and so it is with the male lead ... this guy is reportedly such a good actor -LRB- come on -RRB- who would believe that these women would be falling all over this guy to get in bed with him . this piece demands a certain type of actor and hes not it . to be fair some of this movie is n't tooooooooooooo bad but , the male has to be at least interesting enough to at least draw you into the whole thing or you can for-get-it and i will . pity the stage show was so good , the bad thing is if you saw the movie and the stage show came around now , you more than likly would not want to see it . would anyone want a used copy for $ 5 .
 `` Nine '' features an impressive star-studded cast with all the technical elements up to par . So why is director Rob Marshall 's rendering of the overrated Broadway hit astonishingly dull ? Perhaps the answer lies in the fact that Fellini 's `` 8 '' does not lend itself to musical treatment . The songs and characterizations remain stunningly forgettable . Kate Hudson 's `` Cinema Italiano '' number , in particular , looks like a self-contained music video that belongs on MTV . Oscar winners Daniel Day-Lewis , Judi Dench , Pen&eacute;lope Cruz and Marion Cotillard valiantly attempt to breathe life into a lifeless story . In stark contrast , Nicole Kidman , Fergie and the eternally glamorous Sophia Loren are badly misused in glorified cameos . Judging by the spectacular box-office failure , it 's easy to see why moviegoers stayed away in droves .
 I buy this movie for a friend and the DVD was n't as describe . The description tell that the DVD as French Audio -LRB- 1.0 -RRB- which was n't true . The Audio is in Espanol -LRB- Spanish -RRB- with Subtitle in French . And the subtitle was horrible french writing -LRB- error every 2 words ... -RRB- . Very desappointed of the DVD .
 I 'm not sure if a decent print of `` Moonshine Mountain '' exists somewhere out there , but this version is n't it . It 's watchable , but there are so many vertical lines and scratches & faded parts that it kind of detracts from the viewing experience . I 'm a HG Lewis fan , and this is one that I had never seen , so I 'm glad to have now seen it , but if you 're interested in this , I 'm not sure I could give it a great recommendation , based on the quality of the transfer.The story is that of a big folk-singing star , who goes to live in the boonies with the common folk for a while , and while at first he 's not successful in `` blending in '' , he does get their attention with his guitar-picking abilities . He befriends a family of drunkards and simpletons , some of whom sing great harmony considering they 're supposedly bombed out of their minds on pop skull most of the time . One of the family members is good old Dr. Gore himself , J.G. `` Pat '' Patterson , Jr. , who looks his part quite well.Of course , with stills & moonshine come revenuers , but the revenuers keep disappearing , and the government agents that come looking for the revenuers disappear too ... something to do with the sheriff and his goofy hulking deputy , Luther , who wears overalls tied up with a rope & a child 's cowboy hat . The fate of the revenuers makes you wonder what these here folks have been drinking , but it 's quite appropriate for a HG Lewis film.This is a kind of fun film , in a stupid way , but it 's also fairly fascinating since it 's not `` typical '' Lewis material . Oh , for a decent print of it , though ... 2 out of 5 .
 This movie starts with classic suspense . Something goes bump in the night . A stranger in the house ? The imperiled protagonist -LRB- this time , uncharacteristically , a grown man - not a blonde teenage girl -RRB- goes downstairs to do combat with whatever intruder is down there.The film shows its indie origins with its rather smudgy picture quality and generally low production values . And Darren Kendrick in the lead role is wooden . Again , with all the aspiring actors out there , I wonder why they could n't have found a better one in the bunch . But then on second thought , since Kendrick 's character is supposed to have a history of mental illness , perhaps his lifeless demeanor is appropriate after all.SPOILER - SPOILER - SPOILERMy main objection to this film though is its number of twist endings . It piles one on top of the other , until it has lost all credibility.END OF SPOLIER - END OF SPOILERHowever , the movie held my interest -LRB- if just barely -RRB- most of the way . There are worse thrillers out there to curl up in front of when you want to forget about everything that 's going creaky in your own house for an hour or so .
 The first one had me pounding carpet in the theater from their inspired set ups . The second one had some good stuff as well . The third time is not a charm . There is little inspiration , like renting a car , taking it to a demo derby , and returning it in the first one . Time to move on boys .
 Idiots doing stupid things , there is no real content in this movie , gets boring after 20 mins . Definitely not for a theater movie , just a time pass at home when your mind is stupid .
 This show is nonsense . The people being conned are too stupid to be believed and the main characters are n't much better - really , it 's almost painful to watch . The show gives no credit to its audience . I only made it through the first long long episode . Insipid best describes .
 I love Minnie Driver and Eddie Izzard , but I was disappointed with this series . Wooden . Awkward . Un-funny . Uncomfortable . A disappointment .
 Lawyers are liars , thieves and criminals . Private schools are racist and elitist . Developers , businesspeople of all types are alcoholic , deviant , hypocritical scum who love their guns and have big issues in bed . Did I leave out corrupt and backstabbing ? Oh yes , the entire middle and upper class population of women are frustrated , drug addicted , sex starved wretches . And to top it off they are all such idiots that they can ALL be conned , ALL the time , by the only loyal and honorable people around , the gypsies - whoops - travelers or whatever . Only amongst those who make their living explicitly by the con do we find the qualities that are so obviously mistakenly applied to the white-collar class as a rule.I think this sick view of America is too common among the favored in our entertainment industry but it is valuable to recognize that this really is the way they see this country.The show is well done and interesting , the acting is generally excellent ... but I doubt that any reader here , living outside of Hollywood , knows their general community to be so plagued by every form of sickness -LRB- moral , ethical and emotional -RRB- as depicted in The Riches.This could have been a fascinating series about a very interesting and in someways sympathetic culture that is founded in theft , cons and dishonesty of all types . That would make for a great show but having the viewer feel revulsion for a culture TRULY based on dishonesty just was n't the aim of the producers of this garbage .
 I tried three times to watch this series , but I can not get past the first episode , where the main characters -LRB- who remember , we are all supposed to be able to relate to -RRB- lie , cheat , steal , assault , bilk , pilfer , pickpocket , participate in vehicular homicide and then escape to a life of the super-rich . No , they all should have just been caught , arrested , tried and thrown in prison , end of series.I love Eddie Izzard as a comedian and as an actor , but this series simply crosses my ethical lines ; you do not make heroes out of villains , you just do n't send that message to the world , unless you make it clear that what you are promoting and supporting and suggesting EVIL as a justified way of life . Just because they are part of an even worse criminal element , that does not forgive them for their actions , which they never have to face , that does not give the producers the right to present an upside-down morality play as if it were OK to just kill someone , take over their life , impersonate them , and go about your business as if nothing evil happened , or that it was n't your fault.So I 'll just prop the soapbox up over here and quietly walk away , while you figure out why you want to watch bad people get away with bad things .
 How could 3 people give this a 5 star rating ? Terrible acting , terrible video camera , and yes they used a low quality video camera . terrible sound . I wanted my money back after the first 3 minuets . If anyone decides to watch this after reading my review please send me $ 3.00 since you like throwing your money away .
 As a horror movie fan , I bought this movie -LRB- previously viewed , thank goodness -RRB- . Reading the box , it looked like it might be a good horror flick . How wrong was I !!!!! This movie should n't even fall into the horror catagory . The whole movie is about a teenager , Casey Noland , who aspires to be the next famous serial killer ... . Not ! He ca n't even bring himself to harm the next door neighbor 's dog ! What makes this movie even more stupid is the fact that his `` gothic '' friend wants to become his first victim . Together , they think of ways and weapons he can use to make him `` different '' from other already known serial killers . This movie is more funny than horror which still is n't saying much for the film . With a stupid plot and poor acting , I do n't recommend this film for any true horror film fan for it is not a horror movie at all . Do n't be fooled by the box ... . it 's not worth the money even to rent it .
 Call me silly , but I enjoy stupid horror films - especially if they 're about serial killers . This is quite a radical dichotomy . While my favorite film is `` The Silence of the Lambs '' , it 's not because it 's a movie about a serial killer - why ? Because it is n't . Anyone with a brain the size of a squirrel understands that , and I wo n't waste any time explaining it.What surprised me about this film was that it quoted `` The Silence of the Lambs '' . I was stunned . This was n't a serious piece by any definition , and while it would give me great pleasure to pick it apart piece by piece , it 's not a significant enough for me to waste me time doing so.Suffice to say that it attempted to be a serious film and a comedy all in one . It failed . There was a love interest that was as dead as a squashed tomato , a wan na be serial killer who could n't kill dog -LRB- admittedly , that plays into the comedy -RRB- , and a host of other nonsensical arrangements of characters and situations that made the film entirely unbelievable - * whether it was a comedy or a serious film * . The only thing that I felt good about during the film was knowing that Thomas Hayden Church did a tremendous turn in `` Sideways '' . It was depressing to see an actor of his talent in a film of massive disarray .
 Lisa Loeb was 34 years old when she made this movie , playing a mousy 17 year old . Justin Urich plays a morose lad whose ambition in life is to be a serial killer , and Loeb wants to be his first victim . It 's all slowly paced , poorly written and Loeb is simply awful . Urich does a little better but the whole plot is so ridiculous one does n't really care . And what a shame to see future Oscar nominee Thomas Haden Church in a disastrously bad performance , so Rod Steigerish in its delivery that he definitely should 've gotten a Razzy that year.Ho hum , what a drag .
 Absolutely awful black comedy tries to be darkly humorous like Heathers and Very Bad Things and ends up being plain dark . A teen fascinated with serial killers and murder decides he wants to be a killer after he graduates from High School and a real life killer is killing people in the town . A desperate attempt at black comedy with barely any laughs and even the black-humor is n't very funny . Avoid this and rent Pulp Fiction , Very Bad Things , or any other dark comedy out there . Despite Thomas Haden Church 's funny performance as a mean coach this movie is a BOMB .
 i just got finished watching this movie on Moviebeam so the review is still fresh in my mind , so here it goes ... this movie was such a piece of crap ! the name of the movie serial killing 101 and you only saw one person die in the entire film -LRB- and that was @ the end of the movie ! -RRB- dont buy it , dont rent it , dont watch it ! the only thing this movie killed was my brain cells from having to watch such dribble !
 If you have seen every season of all the real housewives , then this would be just as boring and a waste of an hour as it was for me . I kept waiting to see something new or shocking , I kind of saw the number # 1 top housewives coming and it has to do with jersey . So if you just want a recap of the highlights of all the real housewives , then watch it , otherwise , its a waste of time .
 iTunes has the entire 3rd season of RHoNYC for $ 20 ! Why is Amazon so much more ???
 I love this movie , but I am returning this DVD for refund because it is a fake widescreen ! All they did was cut off the top and bottom of a 4/3 image all the way ... I ca n't stand false advertising !
 The GET SHORTY DVD I received was for hearing impaired viewing . The English words spoken were written out on the bottom of the screen and it was very distracting . And very disappointing ! The seller 's ad did NOT specify that the DVD they were selling had these captions added . Bad deal .
 I ca n't believe I watched this movie . Seriously . I hoped it would be funny but it was a lotta `` dumb '' and some `` painful . '' If I was `` in the movies '' or even lived in LA and had the slightest interest in the politics and inside jokes , this might be funnier . Why bring in Pablo Escobar as a character - kinda lame . The funniest scene was where the `` fake '' West Coast gangster postures with his gun in front of the East Coast mobster and challenges his choice of weapon as a `` Wop Nine '' and says something about `` do n't they always jam up '' - then gets shot to death .
 I do n't find it anything amusing about portraying a mafia hit man in a favorable light .
 I like John Travolta but this was the dumbest movie ever put on film . Hard to follow , no plot . It was horrible , worst movie I 've seen . Do n't waste your time or your money .
 I tried to watch this stinker as a means to relax after a long day . After ten minutes I realized the movie was making me very tense as I was forced to grit my mind against it . The movie takes obviousness to new levels . There are developments which are completely implausible , characters which are completely unlikeable ... I could go on , but why ? The movie comes off as a bunch of actors trying to seem like mobsters . And Rene Russo trying to seem hardboiled , saying things like , `` I know whatta vig is . '' and scowling like she 's from the bad part of Beverly Hills . The movie insults your intelligence at every turn , causing you to become cretinized by the act of colluding in it by watching . This is how a movie like this damages your mind
 If you think violence is funny then you may like this movie . I do n't like what this movie teaches . Do n't let your kids watch it . I hate how Hollywood is starting to promote these types of movies were violence is standard . This one reminded me a little of Pulp Fiction which I felt was another bust .
 I do n't think this movie is nearly as good as they say . I think you have to be a Travolta fan to go all out on this one . The movie is ok but thats about it . I can think of much better comedies that this one .
 Get Shorty was a very disappointing movie dumped on some good actors . John Travolta , Rene Russo , and Gene Hackman do O.K. with the hopelessly aimless plot they are given . I found this movie a torture to watch . The script is very weak and what plot there is skips back and forth like a hopscotch game . There is no persuasiveness or depth to this movie . If you like well-crafted plots and movies that enable empathy with the characters , avoid this movie !
 I got this movie free when I purchased my DVD player , and now I know why . I cant even give it away . I personally dont know a single person who liked this movie . Dont waste your time or money on this .
 This movie was a waste of money . Only good part was that one guy saying the F word a lot . This movie is dull , boring , and is slow developing . I took this DVD and broke it into pieces after I watched it , I had more fun breaking this DVD than watching it . For anyone who is going to buy this DVD I warn you , it is a retarded movie , and waste of your money .
 We were big Doc Martin fans from the beginning . we watched every episode multiple times , and have all the DVD 's from the first four seasons . So , you can imagine our shock when we sat down to watch Series 5 ! There are so many things wrong , I hardly know where to start . First of all some of our favorite characters are missing . Aunt Joan , has been written out , ditto Pauline . The new characters are poor substitutes . -LRB- a new aunt - not at all amusing - she is too much like Martin . Louisa 's mother - not a nice person and not amusing -RRB- , Joe 's wife - unattractive and unamusing.Second , there seems to be a new director , new writers , or both . The laughs were few and far between . As the series progressed , there were fewer and fewer laughs . The last two episodes -LRB- 4 and 5 , I think -RRB- , we did n't laugh once through the whole show ! -LRB- I ca n't imagine what all those people who liked Series 5 were thinking , or what they found amusing.This is all terribly disappointing ! I 'm afraid we will never have the same pleasure from Series 5 that we had from the earlier series , and we we wiil be reduced to watching the first 4 series on DVD.The whole spirit of the show has been lost . There is no warmth between Martin and Louisa . His new receptionist is a disaster . Burt and Mrs. Tischell seem to be the only characters who have n't changed very much .
 -LRB- EDITED FOR CLARITY -RRB- This review is of series 5 of Dr. Martin , not the DVD release.Dr . Martin began as a freindly and charming little series with top-notch acting and writing that warmed and amused . The character of Dr. Martin was one of intelligent routine bounded on all sides by the unconventional and spontanious members of the beautifuly serene surroundings of Port Wen . His efforts to fit in with the less conservative folks that frequented his day-to-day general practice belied the warmth he had for the area , and for one lady in particular , the comparitavely sane and lovely Louisa ... I began to notice rot in the wood while watching season 3 , but season 4 h ad me worried ... as for season 5 -LRB- so far -RRB- , it is as if I am meeting an old freind who has been spoiled by life and has changed so much that I find him unfamiliar and unlikeable . -LRB- Spoiler Alert -RRB- Louisa and the Doctor have no spark between them . Louisa seems to have all but lost her sensible capacity to handle a baby , and Martin , who once seemed to value common sense and practicality , now serves only to parody his former self with an obvious pander to comedic expresions and behaviours that cry out ` laugh at me ' but only become less amusing for their deliberate attempts to force comedy . Their handling of Auntie 's funeral is a clear example of this shallow , sight-gag comedy that has replaced the subtle humor which so swept us into the engageing lives of Port Wen . What I have found lacking , is respect for the characters that once graced the screen with amusing and unpredictable charms . Now , that respect is swapped out for simple-minded buffoonery and gags that shout for attention , thus encouraging none.I will watch for improvement , but I have little hope . I am angry that the producers would allow such a misuse of talent and ideas ... that they drew me into this series just to find , not heart at it 's core , but a bad , bad joke.EDIT
 Doc Martin was one of our favorite British TV shows ... until Series 5 . With Series 5 something has gone horribly wrong . The situations are n't funny , the characters are extremely irritating . Auntie Joan has disappeared and been replaced by a Martin 's cold obnoxious mother . Louisa has had her baby and in almost every scene we have to see the baby drooling in his high chair . I suppose some people consider this to be cute , but it 's very distracting . The humor of the first 4 seasons came from the rather compulsive and superior Doc interacting with quirky but good natured locals . Now , with Series 5 , the locals are much more unlikable than before . Therefore there is very little humor . Doc Martin has just become another rather tedious soap opera . The dialog is no longer witty , the conflicts are dramatic , but unenlightening . As a soap opera it 's just sub-par .
 After waiting so long for Series 5 , what a disappointment ! We understand that Martin and Phillipa wanted to spend time with their daughter , but during the two years away , they could have found better writers and chosen better scripts . As others have noted , central characters left to be replaced with those less endearing . Martin appears bored with the character and only makes short appearances throughout the series . If I see PC Penhale in one more scene , I 'll scream.The story lines are unrealistic , lack charm , humour , or suspense so characteristic in the previous seasons . For example , the fact that `` Doc '' calls everyone by the wrong name does not work and is not entertaining at all ... just makes him look stupid . Even Louisa has become annoying and unlikable.It might be time to retire this series and move on to something more interesting for Clunes . We enjoyed him very much in other programs , where the character he plays is closer to his own kind and funny personality . Season # 5 of Doc Martin was a huge let-down for us .
 I have to agree with many reviewers that the 5th season is disappointing . We got to know Dr. Martin as uptight , rude and cold man and still accepted him as such , because he is also a brilliant devoted doctor and a hero at times.But what 's hard to accept is the fact that the birth of his love child with Louisa , a cute baby boy , did not change him one bit . In fact it does n't make sense that he seems even more pissed off than ever in the 5th season , and there are no moments of emotional connection between him and Louisa or him and the baby what so ever.On top of that , the 3 new characters in the 5th season ; the new female doctor , Martin aunt Ruth and Louisa 's mother are all rather unpleasant problematic women . And the new receptionist Morwenna is just a bore.I am still looking forward to the 6th season in 2013 , but really hope that Dr. Martin will loosen up and change for the better and enjoy his life with the lovely Louisa and their son .
 I am a fan of Clunes , but I am very disappointed in the series five . I was hoping he was slowly going to become more like William -LRB- William and Mary -RRB- , but instead he becomes an even nastier Doc Martin and oh so cold . It 's hard to laugh when he treats his wife so poorly , and what a father ! I am just so disappointed .
 I ca n't imagine that anyone who loved seasons 1-4 can be anything but disappointed with season 5 . The writing has reached such a state of decay that all the lovely characters have become mere cardboard cutouts . Everything is wrong with season 5 . As others have noted the new characters add nothing to the texture of the show . The show relies on pratfalls and cheap gimmicks for laughs that only the simple minded would find amusing . The writing is clunky and inspires very tired performances . It seems the writers and actors have phoned this one in . Knowing how good it could have been makes the experience of season 5 all the more ghastly .
 Loved Series 1-4 . Watched them all . Some more than once . Series 5 is a total disappointment . What has happened to the writers ? Miss Aunt Joan ... and Pauline ... and the relationship between Al and Pauline . Doc Martin is more surly than ever and there are no sweet tender moments like were in Series 1-4 . Poor Louisa ... she looks exhausted and depressed throughout . I was eagerly awaiting Series 5 . Hope Series 6 will improve .
 I loved series 1 trough 4 of Doc Martin . Thus , I was anxiously awaiting to catch series 5 . Yes , it still beats most of the traditional American tv which seem to incessantly recycle the same storyline over and over again and resource to sex and violence as if these were the only ways to entertain . BUT , I must share that in my opinion , series 5 lacks the punch that all the previous series had.It felt as weaker writing , more forced than natural comedy and `` Louisa '' seems without purpose through all the chapters.I may be too demanding but I must say there was a big difference in quality from series 5 that left a void in me . Some of the strong supporting roles really made a difference ; Martin 's aunt and the receptionists were greatly missed ! I would have been very upset to spend the money buying series 5 ; I am glad I waited to catch it for free . Hopefully series 6 will be a strong rebound and recapture of the fabulous quality of the first 4 original series ! 4 out of 5 is still pretty good !
 This is not about the product because I have not been able to find it on my download . I think the order page was very poorly done because I wanted the DVD version and all of a sudden I was thanked for my purchase of the download version .
 Not worth the 34.99 price - if you are a dedicated Doc Martin fan you might want to catch this at a good price just to have the entire series but , it is the weakest of the 5 seasons released on region 1 dvd.Viewing seasons 1 through 4 is a delightful visit to Cornwall and the colorful characters who live there - this season does not provide that same experience . The episodes seem broken and disjointed flipping back frequently to the issue of who is going to care for the baby.Missing from this season is the delightful organic farming aunt of Martin 's instead we are introducted to another aunt that in being so like Martin adds little to the storyline . Replacing the brashness of the willing to fight aunt we get the psychologist aunt who speaks in calming professional tones - no doze medicine needed for this character.Also new to the series is the mother of Lousia who also adds little to the show but , takes time from the more colorful characters like Bert - the storyline of the mother is another example of the writers seeming to have taken the predictible route - mother and daughter have issues from the past .
 I bought the Doc Martin Complete Season 5 for a gift and thought there would never be a problem actually playing the DVD . It was only when I happened to ask the person how they were enjoying the DVD that I discovered that they had been unable to play it . Imagine my disappointment and embarrassment to have given this gift only to discover that it did n't even work . And let 's not talk about my wasted money in buying the DVD in the first place ! : -LRB-
 This series derailed quickly in Seasons 3 and 4 . I wo n't be buying 5 . Time to kill it ! The only thing remotely interesting at this point , is the scenery , but that has quickly faded.Everything that goes wrong in a novel , is at fault here . Poor character consistency , poor character growth , too many cliche situations , with too many deux ex machina resolutions . The last episode of season 3 was an abomination
 I 'll be brief . I stopped my remote at the Doc Martin program . It 's that has some one running around with a shotgun . I kept watching to see if it was supposed to be a dark comedy . Possibly it would move in some direction that could amuse or interest.It is just plain terrible , boring . My question is how does this stuff get made ? I would appreciate an explanation from some one . I thought I could explain the interest people have in any thing , this is beyond me . If any one can think there is some hip structure under the thing they are fooling themselves .
 the whole movie is a rap song , should have been labeled a play . didnt like it . i wish it were less rap and more talk , couldve been a classic
 This movie was terrible . It should be a rap video because they rapped their lines throughout the whole movie . I would not reccomend this movie to my worst enemy !!
 I got ths only because it was by the director of Lagaan which I have probably watched 6 times . It is a social commentary of the media similar to Network but not even close to enjoyment . Pretty much everything about this movie is ugly and I neither Found it clever nor humorous . Satirical it is especially when the media starts filming the poor guys bowel movements . If you are looking for those wonderful Bollywood musicals , song and dance ... you will not find it in this movie . There is not a singe character in this movie that I liked .
 This is a strange movie that is really like watching two different movies going on at the same time . The lively scenes with the Monster and his new found little friend are very engaging but , the scenes with Sting and his ready made bride will bore you to tears ! It 's a shame as this could have been much better , if the script would have had more to offer in the talky scenes . One of the better depictions of The Frankenstein Monster since the original series though .
 This movie is quite obviously intent on being a `` serious `` version of the Frankenstein story . It comes across as dull and earnest and is marred by an excessive pomposity in script and overall treatment . In striving to be weighty it merely comes over as dull and stiltedBaron Charles Frankenstein -LRB- Sting -RRB- has already created his male creature -LRB- Clancy Brown -RRB- when the movie starts and he is looking to make a mate for him -LRB- Jennifer Beals -RRB- . As she is brought to life the laboratory explodes and she is carried to safety by Frankenstein who wrongly assumes that the male has perished in the fire . Quite obviously the good Baron has improved his skills considerably between making the male creature and building the woma - he is the archetypal Frankenstein monster while she is a stunner . He decides to keep her for himself and raise her as a sort of Pygmalion experiment - he will create an educated , independent , free spirited `` new woman '' -LRB- rather like Mary Shelley the author of the source novel -RRB- . He names her Eve - the first woman - and tells her that she is an amnesia victim he found wandering in the nearby woods . The movie proceeds to cut between Eve and the male monster . He has escaped from the fire and is wandering the roads where he meets a dwarf -LRB- David Rappaport -RRB- and they strike up a friendship eventually joining a circus and becoming moderately successful and the monster assumes the name Viktor . Things go wrong when the dwarf is murdered and Viktor takes it upon himself to avenge his death and is forced to go on the run.The two creations gradually find their way to each other and even develop a telepathic link with one amother and events move to a violent climaxI suspect this would like to think of itself as a message movie specifically a feminist movie.Eve does learn to think for herself and defies her creator but only to the extent of wanting another man - a dashing youung soldier rather than him.The other message is not notably profound either-Dont tamper with Nature . In short the standard horror movie schtickThe movie is badly acted . Sting resembles a block of wood in period garments and as for Ms Beals ! Well - I did wonder about Frankenstein trying to animate her because no director has managed to do so in any of her movie roles so far.In the words of the Sex Pistols song `` We 're all pretty , we 're so pretty.we 're all pretty vacant `` The best scenes are those between Brown and Rappaport which are both funny and movingThe score by Maurice Jarre is excellent - lush and romantic - as is the art direction by Michael Seymour . In an way they sum up the movie - nice to look at but with more pretnsions than actual substance
 Best as i remember ; back in the day , SNL has a segment called `` bad theater '' , in which Leonard Pinth Garnell -LRB- ala Alastair Cook -RRB- would present a short production - and then reassure the audience , `` Now , that was n't too good , WAS it ? `` One such production was a musical based on the life of 17th century Dutch Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek.After watching part of `` The Bride '' , I think I can revisit the Leeuwenhoek show with a more generous attitude ...
 I do n't get it ... Modern day London . . Police Inspectors who go after crazed serial murderers and do n't carry gun ? Great acting , interesting characters , but why would police persons put themselves in harms way without any protection ? Not even mace ? or an ASP ? Seems a bit odd to me . . Anyway , interesting story line until the ending of this first serious that was a real disappointment . I 'll watch the second series only because I enjoyed the characters , especially Phil Davis and Rupert Penry-Jones and the rest of the DI team .
 Very boring `` crime '' drama . There is no or little to no crime investigation techniques shown . Do not waste your time .
 I sat through all the episodes of this hunt for a Jack the Ripper copycat . They never caught him and the lead investigator whom the audience was led to root for got demoted at the end . In short , a disappointment .
 Occasionally , i have difficulty understanding United Kingdom English , and really need subtitles ... i 'm a USA Southerner , needing English subtitles with some of these British dramas
 Quality and speed of acquired video was good.The t.v. show was okay , but did n't really leave me wanting more .
 We watched one episode . It was so dark that most of the time we had no idea what was going on . It might be a good show , just ca n't tell . We are getting a 52 &#34; flat screen in a few weeks and will try one more episode to see if it features better on that format .
 How could the BBC and HBO do such a poor job ? The true grit and integrity of performances we 've come to expect from both British television and HBO was utterly lacking . What was Levinson thinking ? We can usually count on him , too .
 The Irish in America are trashed again by the BBC . I can not believe a parent would allow their child to be in this tv show . I had to stop watching it due to sexual abuse towards a child -- too horrible .
 I have no idea what this show is like . It wo n't play on my DVD player here in Australia . The DVD player says &#34; Wrong Region &#34; , as does the Playstation . It apparently plays on my mum 's PC but I do n't want to watch it on there . I want to be in our nice living room and watch it with other people . Amazon should put a notice in the description if it plays international or when the international release is due to come out and which one that is when it does . Or have a link to a US DVD player with one of those wall socket converters .
 I just could not kick up the enthusiasm others seem to have for this initial episode . The story line was sadly predictable with a quick to the screen violent shoot out then soft porn sex . OK , now you have my attention . The relationship between `` Copper '' and the wealthy gentlemen was confusing as was the movement of the characters between what is supposed to be the `` high '' and `` low '' of New York society around the Civil War . Finding the dead child was another predictable move as was the care and feeding of the twin with the `` friendlies '' , apparently less greedy madames than the Contessa 's house . The filth , the greed , the poverty , the disdain of the rich has all been seen before with a much better insight into characters , social issues and storyline - see any Dickens tale . I feel duped , like the writers sat around and said , `` We need sex here ! Oh , and a shoot out here ! And do n't forget the twin plot twist ! '' Please . All of the resources used for this series could be put to much better use . Very disappointing .
 We looked forward to this show with great anticipation . After 3 episodes it became repetitive . The show did not seem to get beyond the shock of having a little girl want to be a prostitute . Nothing interesting about showing a little girl in the sex trade . There was not any spark between the characters , nor great acting . We could predict every plot line . We stopped purchasing the episodes .
 **** Spoiler Alert **** This movie was interesting for a little while . Only in that it tracked the outbreak of a weird viral infection and the results on a small town . But it went in the direction of stupidity and incredible lack of logic ... 1 . They were fighting for a car , essentially , as if there were no available cars to be found . Fact of the matter is that if events had unfolded like the movie depicted , there would have been available automobiles everywhere . So the very thing that forced the 6 guys together was based on sheer ridiculous logic .2 . They had them find and use guns to stop the zombies from getting them . But in true Hollywood anti-gun tradition , everybody gets shot by each other and they all die ... teaching us that no good can come from personal gun ownership .3 . The conflict between the characters was childish , unbelievable , unnecessary , and overall ... just too contrived.While there were a few good scenes and it was somewhat worth watching for those select parts , I could n't help but feel that it was just another zombie movie that some writer/director came up with to push their agenda . Somebody wrote a beginning and an end that they wanted , then made up a bunch of nonsense to fill the spaces between . And they violated a lot of logic in the process .
 Thank God for Guns ! If they did not have the guns to shoot each other with , this movie might have been longer . Horrible camera work , bad acting , and cheesy gore make it hard to watch . I think they are better of as zombies !
 Not one night , just view it once , then move on . Another of the long line of indie `` gay interest '' films that homosexuals will add to their `` viewed it '' list . As one tv character mused , `` despite poor films , it is your duty to view and support gay cinema . '' Here is an example.Luckily , there will not be a similar production for another 20 or so years.I would add this dvd to my shelf holding `` U-Turn '' , `` Truth or Consequences '' and `` Kalifornia '' only because it includes talented Keith David -- `` johns '' , `` Men at Work '' , `` Spawn '' and numerous other titles -LSB- see IMDB and the fan forum accalades -RSB- .
 You should know better when the top billed actor for this movie is from Starship Troopers , then the next `` star '' is Wonderwoman from the 70 's . And then you have the 3rd `` star '' from The Devils Rejects - one of the worst movies of all time . So with all of our stars in line , lets go to our disappointing feature presentation . First of all I will give the dvd box 5 stars , it really gives you the false impression that you will be seeing a great horror movie , or atleast an entertaining one . Well not so much . There are a few decent effects utilized here , but nothing can save this from the poor acting . Oh man it can be painful . LInda Carter is a military leader who turns a blind eye to Casper Van Diens mission to seek out and kill vampires , although she never believes his claim of vampires , she nonetheless lets him go into a jungle and seek them out . There was a prior mission in the jungle where the worst actor Ray Park -LRB- who was darth maul in Star Wars - another atrocity of cinema viewing -RRB- came under attack along with some other soldiers and needed to be saved . But he becomes the leader of the vampires , so when our heroes return to the jungle , they find that he is happy to see them , but for evil reasons . It looks a little silly when the military arrives with wooden stakes lined up on their uniforms like full ammunition magazines . These vampires can and will attack during daylight hours , but still can only be killed with the wooden stake through the heart trick . I wo n't ruin the endless quality entertainment you will enjoy , but get ready for acting talent like you have never seen - even in your local high school muusicals .
 BEING AN AVID HORROR FAN I BOUGHT THIS MOVIE NOT EXPECTING TOO MUCH AND IGOT WHAT I EXPECTED . CASPER VAN DIEN SEEMED UNABLE TO SHOW MUCH INTEREST INHIS ROLE BUT , HE WAS NOT ALONE . I GAVE THE MOVIE TWO STARS BECAUSE OF THETWO OUTSTANDING CHARACTER ACTORS IN THIS MOVIE , TONY PLANA , AND DANNY TREJOWHO ARE ALWAYS WORTH WATCHING EVEN IN A PLASTIC MOVIE LIKE THIS . SAVE YOURMONEY THERE ARE A LOT BETTER B GRADE MOVIES OUT THERE . I 'M LEFT WONDERINGHOW THIS ONE GOT RELEASED .
 Slayer -LRB- Kevin VanHook , 2006 -RRB- The most intriguing thing about Slayer is that it contains the least convincing fight scene since Jesus Christ , Vampire Hunter . When that 's the best thing you can say about a movie , it 's pretty bad.I realize that most of the top cast in here are pretty well-known for being bad actors . But was Lynda Carter always this awful , or does she just turn in the worst performance of her career ? I do n't think I 've seen her in anything but commercials for twenty-five years or so , so I really ca n't remember . The horrible thing is that the rest of the cast is so bad that Carter 's Razzy-worthy performance is about par for the course . In fact , the majority of this cast is so bad that they almost make the worthless Casper van Dien look good . Kevin Grevioux may actually be the worst actor I have ever seen in a movie . He desperately wants to be Ken Foree . He fails in every respect.As for what passes for a plot in this farce
 SLAYER is another one of those SCIFI CHANNEL 's made for tv movies that 's not really awful but offers nothing spectacular either . Notice how vampires in the new millennium can run around in the daylight , do n't mind crosses and have also become cannibalistic . . a nip in the neck is n't enough . This time the vampires have been hiding out in the Amazon rain forest but now that man is depleting the forests , they have to come out and eat humans for food . The typical rag-tag military group led by the dramatically challenged Casper van Dien try to rein in the vampires which now include van Dien 's lifelong friend , an actor whose voice is lower than the Luray Caverns.It 's all pretty harmless and not very scary , but there 's lots of gore and hissing vampires.Fans of the genre will be pleased , but not overwhelmed .
 As a Casper Van Dien fan , i was able to get a small amount of enjoyment out of this , but it 's pretty sloppy . It 's as if the director were making scenes , instead of a coherent movie . So , what you get are bits and pieces of a story , but nothing you can enjoy as a whole . Loved the cave setting for the climax , but the jungle scenes are so similar , it looks as if they were all filmed on one acre of land .
 I did not like this movie at all . It was very weak in all departments . I would not recommend to any friends .
 Picked this up at the rental store hoping it might be good judging it from the cover -LRB- I should have learned from Dracula 3000-dont EVEN get me started on that one -RRB- . Actually I can give this an little praise because it has quite a bit of action but not much gore and it is not scary in the least except when the ` jungle ' vampires go up and down trees and buildings on obvious wires . Casper is the soft leader and his counterpart Captain Grieves is the tough guy who succumbs to the vampires and becomes their new leader since he has ` military ' skills needed by the vampires to take on the world . Well guess what ? Casper must fight Grieves to the death and then face the secret actual vampire leader who changes into a bad CGI creature -LRB- I saw a Land of the Lost-1974 episode the other day and the dinosaur in that looked better -RRB- in order to save his ex wife who somehow ended up in the exact same part of South America as he did . If you like ` B ' movies while having a couple of beers with your friends , this is not a bad choice .
 Amazon should pay their customers a rebate for watching this movie . The script , acting and blatant use of profanity and pathetic ploy of mentally ill characters is unbearable . I did n't finish it but would not give up until I found out how to give a few words to save other customers . William Defoe must have just given up his acting career with this movie .
 I thought because it was a National Geographic documentary it would be interesting but I was given a hypothesis narrated as a story with not a lot of supporting evidence and some really bad graphics . Very disappointing .
 Wolverine is one of the more enduring characters from Marvel Comics , and it 's not really that hard to see why . He 's charismatic , intelligent and something of a major bad-ass . He 's also now , after three appearances in the X-Men films , showing his claws in his own movie , X-Men Origins
 This movie is cliched , dull , full of one liners and unnecessary cameos ; gambit , xavier , emma , cyclops , blob , and ... will.i.am . ? are you serious ? WILL.I.AM ?!?!?!?! Who the hell was responsible for this atrocity ? The movie is rather disrespectful to the fans and an insult to my intelligence . Wolverine origins is the equivalent of jaws 4 in the way of how they decided to screw up a franchise in the name of greed . If I could , I 'd give this movie 0 out of 5 . Unacceptable .
 ok , i get it , sometimes the movie version is always what it 's cracked up to be , but they did a COMPLETE HACK-JOB on this one !!! i was looking forward to this movie from the day i heard rumors that it was in the works for production . recalling how much i enjoyed the graphic novel , and how cool i thought it was going to be on the big screen , only to see a COMPLETELY different , and not clever or good different , version on screen . i was very happy that i got this dvd as a gift and did n't spend my own money on it , and i was even happier that i was able to sell it ! for x-men fans , you 're missing nothing but disappointment , for non-x-men fans , maybe on a lazy sunday , when it 's on tv , with commercials , because at least some of the commercials will be worth watching !!!
 Rumor is there are problems with the BluRay version . It wo n't play on many BluRay players . This is the first BluRay out of many that has not played on my HP laptop . It pissed me off as I was anticpating watching this thing all day . In the end I watched some episodes of the British show ` Shameless ' which was pretty damn entertaining . I will be sending this BluRay back and just suffer through the DVD version .
 I heard that this movie was terrible , but I could n't believe it . `` Hey , it 's Hugh Jackman , it 's Wolverine , how bad could it be ? '' Well , it was pretty bad . The best thing about it was the opening sequence and the credits , and it just went downhill from there . What was anybody 's motive for doing anything at all ? It just did n't make any sense . What 's all this nonsense about having a battle on the narrow concrete ledge on the top of a nuclear power plant cooling tower ? Why does Scott Summers need to show up ? Horrible on all counts . They are already talking about a `` reboot '' of the `` series '' only a few years in . Awful .
 The Digital Copy code given does not work . I get invalid code error when I tried to do the Digital Transfer on both iTunes and Windows media player .
 After multiple warnings from friends , colleagues , and random fan-boys/girls , I braved the theatre this opening weekend and hoped that the critics were wrong about how horrible X-Men Origins
 When the studios first came up with the idea of adding digital copies to dvd 's and blu ray 's , you used to get a 2nd disc of bonus features , and then the digital copy of the movie . Not long after that , the studios decided to just cram all the bonus features and such onto 1 disc , and then make the 2nd disc the digital copy . Ok , fine , but why do all the advirtisments and box 's say ' 2 Disc Edition + Digital Copy ' . Am I wrong , or does that imply 2 disc 's PLUS digital copy ??? Batman 's ` The Dark Knight ' blu ray say 's 2 disc on the box , and that is exactly what you get , IN ADDITION to a 3rd disc , which is the digital copy.To top it off , there was a limited 3 disc blu ray version , that just had the theatrical cut on dvd as the 3rd disc . Personally I could care less for the digital copy , they should just offer that for download from a site , which is what I think they tried to do at first , and is what record companies are doing for music.Anyways , decent movie . Yeah , we all hoped for more , and wished the first and especially the 3rd X-Men movie 's were better . Looks great and sounds even better on blu ray . And what can I say , I 'm looking forward to the next installment and much rumored Magneto origins .
 This was a cool movie with interesting concepts , but there were too many things about that kept it from being a great movie!What I liked about this movie :1 . Hugh Jackman gave us an excellent performance as Wolverineonce again ! 2 . Ryan Reynolds was great as Deadpool ! 3 . The visual effects were great ! 4 . Most of the under foot actors were great ! 5 . Gambit was awesome!What I did n't like about the movie was :1 . My biggest complaint is ; what the heck did they do to Deadpoolat the end of the movie ?!?! 2 . Most of the action sequences in the movie felt forced ! 3 . They under used too many characters ! 4 . The movie kept building-up and building-up , but the pay off inthe end was not satisfying ! 5 . I am still confused if this is a reboot or a prequel to the firstthree movies ... ! 6 . Too many dull moments / the pace was not good!Bottom line
 If this movie would have been done correctly it should have just revolved around Wolverine , Victor Creed and Stryker . Thats really it . The writers however decided to try to turn this into yet another X-Men movie by bringing in way too many additional characters and trying to form a team . Why is Gambit in this movie ? I understand that he is a favorite of many who love the X-Men comics but he feels so forced in this movie . It was like the writers said `` We need to get Gambit into an X-Men movie or the fans will hate us . So lets put him in this movie where he does n't belong at all ! '' And then there is the elephant in the room Deadpool . There is so much outrage from the fans of Deadpool being completely unlike how he is in the comics . In the movie , they remove his mouth . WTF ? He is supposed to be ` the merc with a mouth ' . And then they make swords come out of this arms like Baraka from Mortal Kombat . Then there are the visuals . They clearly ran out of time to finish many of the CGI effects and this movie shows more than any other that I can think of . The scene where Wolverine is in the mirror , his claws looked like they were drawn in with a pencil . It looks so bad its actually hilarious . Then they cast Liev Schreiber as Victor Creed -LRB- Sabretooth -RRB- . Now , I have no problem with Liev , I actually think he is a really good actor . But Sabretooth is supposed to be huge . Quite a bit taller than Wolverine at least , and he looks tiny . Hugh Jackman does everything he can to save this movie . He really has his character of Wolverine nailed down and I like it , and many of the fans like it . But this movie could have been avoided entirely . In X2
 The Wolverine story is excellent , but you can juxtapose this movie against X2 for a great example of poor vs. good execution of the same story -LRB- or at least there is lots of overlap -RRB- .
 The Blu-ray version does not load on my Media center PC . I upgraded my player firmware and playback software to Cyberlink 9 ultra - 3 other blu-ray movies I recently purchased run flawlessly -LRB- District 9 , UP and Harry Potter 6 -RRB- . I suspect it has to do with an updated encryption scheme , but this is Junk . Hopefully this is just a bad copy - Amazon has promised a replacement , I can not ask for anything more !
 Hands down the biggest let down of the summer . The plot holes in this movie are big enough to drive a truck through . Wolverine makes action driven movies like Transformers 2 look like Schindlers List.Save your money .
 This is , without-a-doubt , one of the worst movies produced in the last 10 years . Honestly , a 9-year-old could have wrote a better plot and better dialogue . This movie 's plot has more holes than a battlefield after a bombing run and the production value is abysmal . The special effects look like they came out of the 80 's . As a comic-book film , this movie is awful . As a general film , this movie is STILL awful . Seriously , I have never met a person in the real world who actually liked this piece of trash .
 i knew this movie was bad news from day one . i had no idea how bad it truly was till i saw it . not only did they ruin deadpool who has a huge following and is amazingly succesfull the way he was . bit given only 5 minutes of air time they screwed with cyclops for no reason whatsoever.the cg is awful , the story sucks , and hugh jackman makes a terrible wolverine . his height , build , the way he carries himself and delivers a line , is so far off what wolverine should be i 'm amazed by it everytime . i am a big fan of hugh jackman , i love his other films he 's a tremendus actor so i 'm more inclined to blame the director or a lack of preparation because as anyone who has picked up a comic book will tell you wolverine is an angry person . he 's got a short temper and he rages out all the time . the impression i get from hugh jackman 's wolverine is that logan is terrified . his actions are more motivated by fear and his voice reflects that which is just so wrong.everything about this movie is wrong ...
 The film focuses on the violent past of mutant Wolverine and his time with Team X , before Wolverine 's skeleton was bonded with the indestructible metal adamantium . The plot also details his early encounters with Colonel William Stryker , the Weapon X program , Wolverine 's interactions with other mutants and his complex relationship with his half-brother Victor Creed.Hearing the reactions from the majority of the people that have seen this film , I 'm not surprised that the movie was disappointing . This film suffers from what X-Men 3 did and more
 Now that we know how good big-budget movies can be that are based on comic book material ... it is more than just a tad disappointing to see the filmmakers behind X-Men Origins
 This was a rock-em , sock-em movie . When the plot got slow , they threw in another fight scene . I found the amount of violence disturbing . If it had n't been based on comic book characters , I doubt the movie would have received a PG-13 rating . Not recommended for young or sensitive children .
 This movie is a crap . It 's the perfect exemple of how to destroy a good character .
 I 'm sure the movie is terrific but the blue ray would not play on my 3 month old player , the digital copy was unplayable on my state of the art mac , customer service was unavailable for both and I am extremely irritated . The only customer service option was by filling out an online form and waiting -- well waiting longer than I want when I had movie night planned at a time certain . I 'm sure security is a concern but is it too much to ask that I be able to watch a movie I just purchased -- on new equipment -- without a multi-hour customer service component ?
 Like so many Wolverine fans , I actually had high hopes for this movie . What a let down . To be perfectly fair I did have expectations for this movie . These expectations were based on the comic book story line , the overall quality of the previous X-Men movies as well as pure character development . That being said I feel like this movie was a sham . I remember watching the previews every five minutes on tv and thinking , wow , this is going to be a great movie . Look , wolverine is in the civil war and world war II , they are really going to go back and look at the whole history of this rich character and show us how he came to be the character we meet in the X-Men movie.To my utter dismay , all these scenes about Wolverine 's past history amounted to nothing but a montage for the credits to roll over in the beginning of the movie . Yeah , we get this 7 minute scene when he 's a kid but nothing about living through multiple wars or throughout a long period of time . I realize there is too much story here for a two hour movie but this to me was the essence of the movie.The characters were also a let down . Again in fairness , there are several characters and you ca n't highlight them all but I feel like the trailers also billed this as a movie where we were going to possibly meet some fan favorite X-Men that were left out of the movies . The obvious pick was Gambit . I remember he was rumored to be in X-Men 2 , that 's how long I had waited . But what I got looked and acted more like David Copperfield than Gambit.The special effects were nothing to write home about , the story was all over the place and contrived . Towards the end I felt like I could overhear the corporate talking heads writing this movie , more powers , more powers . It just felt way over the top . I always feel like the trick to making a good comic book movie is making a world where the supernatural feels real enough for me to suspend my belief . If you can make me believe the action I 'm seeing then they did a good job . This just was n't the case for this movie.One star for Hugh Jackman as he is great as usual as Wolverine but I would recommend passing on this movie , re-watch X-Men 1 instead , you 'll be glad you did .
 If there 's one thing I hate , it 's eye candy , something thrown up on the screen for its own sake and no deeper meaning to it at all . This is just such a film . This movie 's plot is an insult to anyone over the age of 3 and the characters often act in ways that are completely contradictory to what was previously established . This is primarily true of Wolverine -LRB- sorry Hugh -RRB- but also of Gambit . I could n't wait for this thing to end , much likeTransformers
 After seeing this movie i had an immediate reaction of being ripped off . This movie started off soo well showing the relationship between wolverine and sabertooth over the years . It did a good job explaining exactly how old wolverine was and his history . Now before i begin i will explain that i am a huge xmen fan so im going to give you a fans point of view.StoryStarted off good then failed soo horribly at the end . I wont get into details and ruin it for people . Beginning was well done during the credits . Explained wolverines roots . Got into how he was changed into wolverine etc. . And then it fell on its face faster than than a todler learning to walk.VisualThe movie is pretty i can say that but hey its a story were looking for so you can give me all the explosions and destruction you want but it has to have something to keep me watching.CharactersWell wolverine same . Sabertooth was nice . And then that was it . They threw in random characters showed them for a few mins and then they died or escaped and you didnt see them really in action . Always thought ... . why show people for 2 seconds and waste money on cgi if they dont have a roll anyway . Stop trying to add bonus points . Didnt need to see a young group of xmen do nothing but run for their lives.Overall this movie was a fail . It was a fail cascade that went down and went down in a way that compares to x3 last stand . I get what they were trying to do but it was executed poorly , had bad writing , had too many terrible mutants added in for noo reason at all , and was in general a bad movie . I would recommend renting this movie before buying at all costs .
 I just watched the DVD of `` Wolverine '' and thought that men made it , for men , and without any heart and soul . It is full of special effects , no real character development , and few females ... only the weak subservient ones for the strong males . Hugh Jackman did this for the money . Anyone can be bought . It does not have the warmth and camaraderie of the previous three X-Men movies -LRB- this could be because of the absent of real , strong , female roles -RRB- , and there is violence everywhere . We have become numb to seeing killings on screen .
 Yeah , about `` X-men Origins
 Wow , i hope the next film is better . This one boasted cheesy effects , typical action movie set ups -LRB- come on - throwing a lit cigar on to a gasoline line and walking away in slow motion as the explosion happens behind you - really ? Is it time to bring that one back already ? -RRB- and basic 80 's action movie level writing . -LRB- ' I said ` bub ' , not ` blob ' ? - hmmm . -RRB- It 's like they wrote an origin story of the ` movie version ' Wolverine with hints of the ` comic book version ' thrown in . Logan found by an old couple on a farm ? What is this Superman ? In the comic , he breaks loose , kills a bunch of cyber guards and then confronts a grisley bear all the time wearing a cool metallic visor . Dope ! In this movie we get to see him cut a bathroom sink and then there 's that slow motion bit with the gas line . -LSB- ... -RSB- I mean , the movie takes place in the 1970 's after it gets going . Gambit would have been a little kid . And that whole thing with Ryan Reynolds was a disaster for his character and him as a comedic input . Wasted talent!The whole film feels rushed and like it was written by a bunch of 65yr old men who do n't read comics , but like Steven Seagal movies . -LRB- no offense Stevie -RRB- Dis-muthaluvin-Saster ! Please make the next one better ... Pretty please ! Try harder ! Hugh , do n't settle for Hollywood garbage ! Find that unique balance between material that will please the general audiences and the fan boys . Star Trek '09 did.And that could have been a huge misfire .
 With a horrible script , shoddy CGI and and complete bastardization of some of my favorite comic book characters -LRB- for God 's sake , there 's not even continuity between the previous X-films ! -RRB- , X-Men-Ridiculous Title : Wolverine goes down as one of the worst summer blockbusters in recent history , if not of all time . Avoid at all costs , true believers .
 Jackman and Shriber awesome , Reynolds dead on , the rest of the cast garbage , scenery good , music good , and thats about it . I dont mind that they change somethings but the movies is n't well written at all mad no sence . For those that say `` at least its better then X3 '' thats no excuse ; the movie is weak dont waste your time your better off watch Wolverine and xmen
 For this movie to have been any more predictable , they 'd have to have included the script with the DVD . Seriously , this movie was a major letdown . It got to the point where I , having never seen the movie , could point out when a character was about to die . I personally was n't a fan of the fact that pretty much every character in this movie who is n't in one of the other 3 X-Men movies dies before the end . The story was linear , the characters static and unrealistic , and the movie was filled with gratuitous action scenes that seemed to only be in the movie to make Wolverine look cool . If you want to see a bunch of mindless violence without meaning or purpose , and that wo n't even make you cheer , then this is the movie for you -LRB- although if this is what you 're looking for , I recommend something like a Resident Evil video game ... at least those have interesting stories attached to the mindless violence -RRB- . However , if you want a movie that has any sort of a satisfying plot , or interesting characters , then this is not the movie for you .
 Thank god I am well again after watching Origins . I almost thought I had a lobotomy . Origins has no plot , subpar special effects and numerous gaping holes due to comic book characters having several thousand different story lines and experiences . Fights , fights and more fights are what we get here along with the usual `` oh , so that 's how Wolvie knows Blob '' scenes . Gambit is here just because he 's Gambit and fans have been screaming for him since the first X-Men film . Otherwise , he serves no necessary function . And the script is terrible , typical summer shlock , but what do you expect from comic book writers ? If you really need to kill some time between jobs , pop this joint in and smoke it , but do n't expect a memorable high .
 I loved X-Men and X-Men 2 , X-Men 3 was quality but lackluster / compressed . Wolverine Origins is complete garbage . Do n't get me wrong , I like Hugh Jackman as Wolverine , but this movie blows . Deadpool is Baraka / Cyclops ? Adamantium bullet made Wolverine lose his memory ? Almost no blood in the fighting scenes ? Wolverine WILLINGLY went to Weapon X - to get back at Sabretooth no less?Just garabage , they should reboot X-Men simply because of this movie . Here 's hoping X-Men First Class is well done .
 This was probably the weakest of all the X Men movies . I do not hate this movie like say Spider Man 3 but still it 's not good . Directed by Gavin Hood stars Hugh Jackman as Wolverine Liev Schreiber as Sabertooth , Danny Huston as Colonel William Stryker , Taylor Kitsch as Gambit & Lynn Collins as Kayla Silverfox . I 'm going to be honest this movie has a lot of problems . Like Wolverine & Sabertooth are brothers . Basically they join Team X & later due to questionable actions & disregard for human life Wolverine leaves moves to Canada goes under the name Logan he 's lived there for 6 years with his girlfriend Kayla . Colonel Stryker tells him that people are killing members of Team X ok this could be like a Commando version of X Men . Kayla is murdered by Sabertooth Wolverine gets pwnd by Sabertooth & he 's offered a way to beat him to reinforce his skeleton with adamantium . Logan overhears Stryker say erase his memory . Wolverine fights his way out & hides at a farm . Stryker has his men track him down they kill the owners of the farm . Then were introduced to Remy LeBeau or Gambit he mangles to convalesce him to take him to Stryker 's main headquarters at 3 Mile Island . There Wolverine finds out Kayla was n't killed she 's been working with Stryker all along so he will release his sister . It has too many problems the stuff with Wolverine & Sabertooth being brothers was n't needed cause all we need to know is they have this history they hate each other . Wolverine 's woman working with Stryker it was 1 of those left feild things but it just did n't work for a movie . The PG 13 rating did n't help cause in Wolverine 's past it 's dark & violent it should 've been rated R . The CGI for the claws look so fake . CGI or pactical effects when the claws came out in the other 3 movies it looked good . Wolverine losing his memory by an adamantium bullet is lazy script writing . Deadpool looks like Baraka from the MK games . I liked some of the action it has some ok fights . Gavin Hood was n't the best choice for this movie maybe Bryan Synger could 've done a better I do n't know but Hood is n't capeable . Hugh Jackman was good . Danny Huston was a bad choice I 'd rather had Brian Cox come back . Liev Schtaiber I did n't care for . Lynn Collins was ok . Taylor Kitsch was ok as Gambit but they should 've done a better job I mean 4 movies & this was it . There going to do a 2nd Wolverine movie I hope 20th Century Fux are far away from it & it 's R rated . I 'm not looking forward to The 1st Class mostly cause I 'm not a fan of prequels . I 'd say rent it to see if you like it .
 There are few things I hate than popping in a DVD and watching a two-hour movie go by while trying to watch it with two huge black bands on the top and bottom . Okay , maybe it 's too much to hope for full screen versions of movies , but how about a more realistic ratio , like 16:9 , where you can see what 's going on ? People with high definition are going to be ordering in in Blu-Ray , and converting the movie to one 's MP4 player is a waste of effort -LRB- if the movie was worth the effort in the first place -RRB- . In short , either produce the movie in full screen edition or at least have it available in both . Or just use a 16:9 for everything.They can keep their product . I 'll rent it if I feel like watching it .
 it sucked ! all of it ! it was retarded , not even x men esque i would rather watch money burn then buy this garbage . Go buy district 9 .
 where do I begin , I liked X-men , loved X-men 2 , I didnt hate X-men 3 but it was the worst in the series , then came wolverine X-men origins and replaced X-men 3 as the worst X-men movie in the series , I like hugh jackman , liev schrieber , danny huston , and ryan reynolds as deadpool , but first of all the CGI is horrible , especially for wolverines claws , the characters in the movie like gambit , deadpool , blob and others were not in the movie that long or were killed off quickly , the action scenes are mediocre and end quickly , they also screwed up some characters , I like gambit and deadpool and when I heard they were going to be in this movie I was excited , when I saw it then I was completely disappointed , the guy who plays as gambit sucks , completely miscast and deadpool , he was fine at first when it was ryan reynolds on screen , I thought they did a pretty good job with deadpool , then they turned deadpool into a mutant around the ending of the movie , they screwed up with deadpool even worse than gambit , deadpool in the movie teleported , shot lasers out of his eyes like cyclops , had swords come out of his wrists , and the only way they could kill him was decapitating him , the changes they did with deadpool in this movie pissed me off , how could they screw up deadpool like that , cyclops is also in the movie as a teenager and cyclops has absolutly no purpose in the movie but to be in the movie , the ending is the worst part of the whole movie , plus theres a part in the movie at the end where you get to see professor xavior , they do the worst blue screen effect and CG effect I have ever seen , plus theres also a part with gambit where gambit and wolverine fight and wolverine beats the living crap out of gambit so what does gambit do he gives wolverine a lift to the island where danny huston is , saves wolverines life at one point and becomes his friend , WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT ?!?!?! , THIS MOVIE SUCKS , theres no continuity , most of the acting sucks except for hugh jackman , liev schrieber , danny huston , and ryan reynolds , they kill of characters way to quickly , the effects are horrible , the ending was the worst part of the movie , they screwed up gambit and deadpool completely , and also I forgot to say that theres a kind of a romance plot going on and this plot has absolutly no point to it and it sucks , the action scenes are ridiculous and short , I HATE WOLVERINE , stay away from this crap , why cant they bring back a good director who made X-men and X-men 2 X-men united bryan singer , dont bring back the directors of X-men 3 last stand or the guy who made this crap brett ratner or gavin hood , for the next X-men movie bring back bryan singer PLEASE .
 If they made this movie and it had NOTHING to do with wolverine or the xmen i would say it was a 31/2 - 4 star movie . But the fact remains that they made a movie about a set of characters , and then refused to admit any of the facts that had already taken place . Im not some huge xmen fanboy , but i have come to learn certain things over the years ... things this movie tinkles all over , and not just accidentally . some of the things they AIM RIGHT FOR and say `` HA !! i dont care if this is what really happened , im changing it !! '' Like Weapon X being the roman numeral 10 ... meaning wolverine was the tenth experiment -LRB- american experiment -RRB- so the one before him was Weapon 9 , and the one after him was Weapon 11 . If you can look passed how horribly the butchered the story -LRB- which given how much unknown stuff the COULD have written about , and been right , its inexcusable -RRB- then the movie was pretty good . Good acting , everything looked sharp and clean , the effects were nice . So if you know nothing about Wolverine and the XMen , sit back and enjoy . . otherwise it might be more enjoyable if you watch it next time youre at the dentist getting teeth pulled ... at least that should distract you from the movie enough to be able to enjoy it
 This movie sucks ! Rated pg-13 ? C'mon ! I tried to like it but it is just too lame . Hugh Jackman is a horrible wolverine . Two thumbs down . Marvel needs to get their act together .
 I can not watch the movies . I took for granted that being shipped to Europe , they would come prepared for the right zone . Tried to play it and then I realiced they came with zone A , for the States . Amazon will answer that I should have known , or checked , or it was my responsibility , or whatever , right ? Next time I should go to a shop
 Second Blu-ray DVD that I 've had technical problems with . Not sure if mass production quality control is up to standards . First problem was audio , this X-Men Origins is simply non-functional . It does not download or play .
 I SWEAR I HAVE TRIED TO PUT THIS MOVIE OUT OF MY HEAD . FOR A HARDCORE FOLLOWER OF THE X-MEN COMIC BOOK , CARTOON SERIES , ACTION FIGURES , ETC. . ETC. . THIS IS BY FAR OVER HYPED , OVER RATED , AND JUST PLAIN HORRIBLE FILM . BORING , DEAD PLOT , NEVER EXCITING , NO SURPRISE , NO NOTHING . THIS FILM IS RIGHT UP THERE WITH TERMINATOR WITH CHRISTIAN BALE . THAT MOVIE SUCKED AS WELL BUT OVER HYPED BECAUSE ITS THE GREAT CHRISTIAN BALE . IT DID N'T WORK AND NEITHER DID WOLVERINE . JUST TERRIBLE . WAIT FOR THIS TO COME OUT ON CABLE . IT SHOULD BE 9.99 FOR THE BLU-RAY COPY . SORRY .
 The Blu Ray format really shines when you 're watching `` tentpole '' flicks . I 'm talking Spielberg , Bruckhiemer , Scott -LRB- Ridley or Tony -RRB- or Snyder . Blu Ray was made for big budget action movies that push the format to give the best possible sound and amazing special effects displayed in glorious 1080p resolution with 7.1 High Def audio . With the release of the first big summer action flick of 2009 -LRB- Watchmen not withstadating -RRB- , I was at least looking forward to watching a pretty terrible movie in it 's best possible resolution.ouch.Origins is the prequel to the hit and miss X-Men franchise starring one of the most popular characters in Marvel 's universe . I 'm a comic fan . Not an uber fan , but I do still try to keep up and have read some of the origin stories of Wolverine . There is no getting around the fact that this is just a very poor movie that makes little use of some amazing source material . Hugh Jackman does what he can , but the story is so lame , it falls flat . Liev Schriber looks scary enough , but again , story and direction derail . And there 's the introduction of two of my very favorite characters , Gambit and Deadpool . Both are perfectly cast -LRB- Ryan Reynolds will be Deadpool again and Gambit may be done -RRB- , but niether have enough screen time to justify the hype . I wo n't spoil the end , but will say that Ryan Reynolds excels and being a smart mouth . He 's playing a character that is a smart mouth . Ladies seem to love him -LRB- at least my wife sure does -RRB- . And Currently , he 's surpased Jackman and is the biggest star in this movie . So what do the filmakers do ? Replace Reynolds with a speechless body double to fight Wolvy . LAME.Poorly choreographed action and terrible special effects round out the film . Enter the mighty Bluray . What looked bad in the theater looks horrendous in high def . Like Indiana Jones : Crystal Skull , the special effects actually take away from the movie . The one thing that had to look good were the claws . No exaggeration , they look like the plastic toys . They are REALLY BAD . This is a case where I might suggest a standard DVD to cloud up the visuals . The sound is solid , but nothing remarkable . Special features are standard , nothing new to note and it has what is becoming standard , a digital copy.I 'm a huge fan of the summer blockbuster - I 'm not a film snob by any stretch . I give Wolverine 2 stars for great casting and a good job by Jackman . Unless you are a collector of all things X-Men or have a middle school aged boy , I do n't reccomend this movie .
 I was excited to see Wolverine Origins but as the movie went on I thought to myself another comic book movie that does n't stick to itz origins.I mean you do n't exactly have to follow the comic word for word , but atleast stay close to it , they put characters in the movie that did n't match up with the timeline in Wolverine 's comics . And i do agree that the other 3 X-Men movies were good but they too did n't really follow the comic story . Cyclops was a weak leader , I think Halle Berry was n't a good choice for Storm bad accent too . I know Wolverine is the most exciting character in X-Men but the other characters also have alot to bring to the team . I hope they remake the X-Men with the original 5 Iceman , Jean Grey , Cyclops , Beast , and Angel . And then gradually bring in other X-Men characters . All these comic movies need to stick to the comics in some form or manner . I know movie producers and writers try to be creative but damn there are somethings you should n't mess with . '
 I rented this and it wo n't let me play it . It also will not let me refund it . Apparently there are no human beings that work for amazon , but if there are , could one please contact me so i can get my refund
 I placed my order with a specific company because I thought that would mean quality but NO I cant believe they had the nerve to mail out such a scratched up DVD , it looked like kids had been playing with it & I WILL NEVER DO BUSSINESS with that company again !!
 Maybe it 's what i get for going back in time to get a action film but it was n't like it came out THAT long ago , but the special effects seemed a little hokie and the plot did n't make a whole lot of sense . Also , it was rated PG-13 , but the language and violence warranted an R rating in my opinion . Not really worth your time and definitely not worth your money .
 If you 're looking for a movie adaptation of the origins and overall tragedy that is Wolverine then you have to wait until they make that movie . This movie is very , very , very inaccurate of Wolverine 's history . I would say they got 10 % right and the other 90 % they made up on the spot ... I suppose if you have no knowledge of wolverines history then this film might be acceptable to you . But fans of the comics know this is not wolverine . First of all if you want to make a wolverine movie then you have to accept that it 's going to be bloody and then you have to rate the movie `` R '' . I do n't think I saw a single drop of blood even when wolverine was slashing people left and right . What I do n't get , is they could have stayed true to wolverines ' actual history and strife and still have a better movie than this . The laymen 's would have been happy as well as the hardcore fans . I hope they do n't mess up the upcoming Deadpool movie like this fiasco , god help marvel if they do .
 While watching `` X-Men Origins
 The first act and opening credits of Wolverine are very strong , except for an uncomfortable , almost comical bit where a little boy runs around with claws . The Logan character , as played by Hugh Jackman is very well realized and easy to like - but the overblown plot around him is not going to make this movie watchable for generations . Hats off to Hugh Jackman for the performance - I paid to see the movie just his artistry more or less.Just eat your popcorn and enjoy the ride since it 's not one you 're likely to revisit.SPOILER
 I received my Blu-ray copies of the X-Men Trilogy and X-Men Origins
 X-MEN ORIGINS
 I wish I could rate this a negative percent , but the 2009 summer movie season started out with such a magnificent hastily polished turd.The story is completely inane and full of holes and gaps of logic , which would be okay if the characterization or action pieces were interesting or entertaining but those are extremely poor . The special effects look like cardboard cut outs flying around digital explosions . Most of the time CGI is used when a practical effect would have been wholly more effective , especially with Logan 's claws.As a comic book fan , they totally screw up that aspect too . Logan stands around disapprovingly when he is with his Weapons Plus team and does nothing . He has no character arc and they felt they had to give EVERYTHING he wore or did have an origin . We do n't need Ma and Pa Kent to take him in and give him a leather jacket of their dead son ; maybe he just likes leather jackets.This is the kinda movie you get when a hack film maker that hates comic books as a medium and surely does n't understand them or special effects.Easily one of the worst movies ever .
 Cheesy action movie without that much great action . Compound that with the fact that there 's barely any respect for the source material , add in the fact that they do n't even care too much for sensible continuity to the other films that have been made and you get a pretty awful film . Except commerically speaking , since it does satisfy giving Wolverine his own vehicle and showcasing all the fun things he can do , and throwing in a few mutants who could n't get crowbarred into the other film series.Even looking at the film on its own , ignoring any source material or other films whose canon or continuity it mutilates or just completely overlooks and ignores , it does n't hold up . Put on it 's own , it needs to be seen as an action movie , and the action was boring and stereotypical . If this movie was made in 1999 the sequences might have wowed me . Too bad that was ten years ago and this movie was n't made then . What could have been the best sequence with Wolverine on a motorcycle being chased down by two hummers and a helicopter was ruined by a bleached-out looking cgi that screamed fake and the fact that it was n't choreographed very excitingly.There were some moments I liked , notably Liev Schrieber in general since he 's a great actor who really shines in this one . I was n't feeling the ferocity from Hugh Jackman , although maybe he lost some of his bite trying to trudge through the script without feeling he was losing some kind of integrity as an actor.In general , I 've seen Jean Claude Van Damme movies that made more sense , had more emotion , and were less cheesy than them . So I 'm going to go back to them and Hong Kong for my cheap action fixes and pretend this did n't happen .
 I 'm a big fan of comic genre movies , and love the original X-Men movie , and thought 2 and 3 were ok . This one unfortunately is n't at par with many of the other high quality franchises being produced including the previous X-Men , Iron Man , Spiderman , and recent Batman movies . The story is a bit contrived - but I can get over that . It 's based on a comic book after all . What is unforgivable is the poor quality of the CGI effects . Green screen shots were extremely obvious , where lighting looked off making everyone appear artificial against the backgrounds . Some of the background shots seemed almost cartoonish . Makeup effects were n't great . And worst of all Logan 's claws even looked bad , where it seemed the effects animators had a difficult time keeping the claw appearance against the skin on his hands difficult.I happened to see the `` pre-release '' version earlier this year that was floating around the Internet and had the studios in a tizzie . I think now having seen both the pre-release and production versions that those studio execs were worried because the pre-release version and final cut are actually much closer in finish and polish than they wanted anyone to think . Now some of this may not be as obvious on DVD , vs. high definition . But we 're in a high definition world now and the producers should be ashamed of themselves for letting the visual quality control go to the dogs on this one .
 X-Men Origins
 What can i say , this film was a shame to the x men movies . The fx were horrible considering that a 30 mill movie from five years ago impressed me way beyond this film . And though the thought of learning wolverine 's origin was a good catching premise the film does not execute the story with a sense of clever ideas or characters to identify with .
 The final nail in the coffin for the x-men saga on film for me at least as a fan . Though this film made enough to warrant a sequel , you wo n't see me in the theaters paying hard earned money for that garbage.The only thing they did right was casting Hugh Jackman as Wolverine and the symphonic score.Fox please get Brian Singer back and do a real X-men sequel to the first two so we fans can forget the awful films that came after like X-3 by Ratner and this the worst of all . This film makes Ratner 's film look like an absolute masterpiece in comparison .
 This is exactly the kind of loud and dumb movie that the X-Men franchise specifically sought to avoid becoming . The first two films -LRB- X-Men and X2 -RRB- were some of the best examples of a smart , socially relevant story adapted into an epic , fun and wholly emotionally satisfying adventure . Since director Bryan Singer stepped away from the franchise , these films have -LRB- seemingly -RRB- been overtaken by mindless Fox execs who have no idea how to handle these characters in a way that does n't become an uninteresting paint-by-numbers explosion B-Reel . And no , `` It 's Not That Bad '' is not a reason to see Wolverine . That 's an unnecessary excuse that , give the leaps in quality the Comic Book genre has made , it 's a completely erroneous excuse . It just plain IS that bad , and sure as hell not worth any of your time or money .
 First I will give you my impression as a decidely biased comic fan ... this movie was horrible . The story was so loosely based on the actual Wolverine origin story that it was hardly recognizable . My own personal opinion is that the rewrites they did not only to the character of Wolverine but also to the myriad of characters featured throughout the movie -LRB- and most notably Deadpool -RRB- were wholely unforgivable.All that aside , I do understand that the movie was not intended to be a simple comic to film rendition , but was created to be a stand alone which would meld with the changes that were made for the film trilogy already released . On its own merits , the movie is still not that amazing . The special effects are cheap at best , with most of the action being CG which is poorly laid over the original film . The excellent effects for the claws from the original X-Men movie were simply not present in this movie , making them look painfully unreal . The story is too long with far too many characters which receive little building or depth , and the acclaimed action packed scenes do not begin until half way through the movie and suffer from poor writing and unresolved endings.Overall , the movie is slow , too long , and a waste of money . If you are considering this movie for purchase ... RENT IT FIRST , then make up your mind . It is a poor shadow of the prior movies .
 This movie was amazing until the end . A sincere and solid permanence by Hugh Jackman as Wolverine , and noteworthy of mention are appearances by Sabretooth and Gambit . But the ending absolutely ruined the movie , and one of Marvel 's most beloved characters .
 We had to turn this movie off after the 1st 10 minutes.We did n't want our children watching all the violence.Didn ' t expect this due to its PG-13 rating and expectations from past X-men movies .
 There are multiple origins for Wolverine . This is quite possible the worst . A forgetful cast , broken scenes -LRB- Logan gets smashed by a truck and tons of lumber fall on him BEFORE he gets the adamantium skeleton -RRB- , predictable -LRB- stupid -RRB- plots and horrible writing . Anyone who has read the X-Men from the 1970 's through to the 90 's knows how mixed up the story is in this film . Add some Matrix and anime fun into this movie and you get a mixed salad of garbage . All other features on the blu ray disc are very well done . Do yourself a favor and read some of the old books or watch X-Men 1 and 2 which were not as bad as this shipwreck . Wolverine is basically a few steps short of simply being superman . Not the Wolvie I grew up liking . Thumbs down .
 For the origin of the character Wolverine , you would probably expect a film that goes deep into who he was , what his life was like , etc. . No , not here . The film is an hour and a half , so you can imagine how bad the pacing was . Everything happens so quickly that the characters and the story have no room to breath . It 's just bad writing . You really do n't connect well with any of the characters and you hardly care about them because there is no damn character development . They focused more on the action and things blowing up than they did with the actual characters.It 's hardly an origins story . It 's basically everything we already know plus some crap about him trying to find out stuff that really adds nothing to the story . The end is pretty predictable and probably the only scene you need to watch if you 've seen the other X-Men films . Overall , it 's somewhat entertaining but the title is very misleading . They should have just called it `` Same old Wolverine '' or something along those lines , because the most we learn about him happens within 5 to 10 minutes of the film . The rest is just dull action . I hope they develop a better story with the next film . That 's Hollywood blockbusters for you though huh ?
 $ 7 and 107 minutes of my life I will never get back . OUCH!It 's titled `` Origins '' but it still leaves a number of those questions unanswered.This one was just phoned in for the paycheck .
 Unless Ur a collector and have to have all the xmen movies do n't bother with this one . Why has fox taken marvels fiercest super mutant and turned him into a whiny wuss ? All about the $ $ $ $ $ $ cause it sure as hell aint about the story ! I really enjoy deadpool as a character too bad he is n't in this movie but they keep calling this other guy his name hmmm weird . Really honestly people avoid this train wreck its poorly done not very entertaining and really a slap in the face of the 1st 2 xmen movies -LRB- we wont mention a certain part of this Trilogy -RRB- Save Ur money for Star trek or if u have n't bought it pick up the far far superior Watchmen do n't let fox shovel us this pig swill , or wolverine swill if u will .
 Wow . . I had such high hopes for this film . But it fell flat . Now I 'm not a big comic book reader but even I know the wolverine story . . AND HE DOES N'T LOSE HIS MEMORY FROM ADAMANTIUM BULLETS . The film was n't too bad until the end . It was n't spectacular or anything , but it was n't horrible . I can overlook the shafting of sub-characters . But when you COMPLETELY re-write a main character , or a main villain ... that 's when it becomes ridiculous.As previously mentioned ... why they chose to erase Wolverine 's memory by shooting him in the head with adamantium bullets ... yeah I do n't know . Why they chose to have dead pool not have a mouth ... do n't know . Why they chose to have wolverine have bone claws ?!? ... yeah your guess is as good as mine . Heck you may as well have Cable and Apocalypse come back from the future and tag team with wolverine to take out Spiderman , Hercules , and Buzz Lightyear . I understand that certain things must change when adapting something from comics to film . I did n't even mind XMEN 3 when they completely re-wrote the phoenix story . That was because it needed to happen to make it filmable . Bone claws , a mouthless deadpool , and adamantium bullets were NOT needed . I can deal when they have to change things like have agent zero basically fly into a helicopter , or re-write the whole wolverine love affair thing ... but when they add crap just to add crap ... no . . i 'm sorry.I 've heard there is supposed to be a dead pool movie coming out ... how are they going to manage that one ? They are going to have to butcher the already butchered character to make something believable . I do n't even want to think about it.The only reason this movie did n't get one star is because I did n't walk out .
 I really wanted to like this movie . My wife and I went to see it while away from the kids for the night . I enjoyed the previous x-men movies -LRB- except number 3 -RRB- and figured this had to be a better movie . It was dull beyond comparison . Blowing stuff up and non-stop fighting is getting old in the movies . We 've seen it , we know what computers can do . There was virtually no character development whatsoever . Those of us who know the X-men want to know more about their lives , not just who they can fight . The entire story was incredibly predictable , so much so , that it got so painful to watch we did n't even stay for the last 15 minutes and asked for our money back.Yeah , there are some sharp effects , but other than that this movie scores as mundane and uninspiring . 2 stars . I expect to see it in the $ 5.00 Walmart bin within the year .
 I have a seen a more obvious movie since `` Revenge of the Sith . '' The part where Stryker says he 's going to shoot Logan in the head with Adamantium bullets until he forgets everything made me groan in frustration . This movie was so retarded .
 The problem I had with this movie was not that it deviated from the comic . My problem was that it tried so hard to remain true to such a vast comic and movie mythology , that it ended up not making sense at all . So ... Stryker wants to make Deadpool , but needs to make sure the process works , so he goes through elaborate machinations to manipulate Logan into becoming the guinea pig . It works , he survives , and so Deadpool gets created . So now Stryker wants to get rid of Logan , but he ca n't . All he can do is damage his brain with an adamantium bullet . Umm ... hello ? Why would n't his brain heal from that ? One would assume that after all the wars he 's fought in BEFORE he had a metal skeleton , he MUST have been shot in the head before . Why did n't THAT `` brain damage '' cause memory loss ? Does adamantium possess some innate `` memory wiping '' properties in addition to being indestructible ? Not buying it . Also ... why was the hole in his adamantium cranium not still there when Jean Gray scans him lo those many years later ? I understand that writing a prequel can be confining . We know that he lives and that he loses his memory , because we meet up with him in the future . Still , it 's like they treated the memory loss as an afterthought . `` Hey yeah ... an adamantium bullet . That 's the ticket ! '' Please .
 I 'm a big fan of X-men/Wolverine , so I was excited about this movie . Big disappointment . In the first 5 minutes , we see a young Logan grow out little baby bony claws . I immediately thought `` uh oh '' , and boy was I right . I waited for it to get better , but it never did . Skip it . Revisit the Wolverine/X-men franchise in 5-10 years when they get new actors -LRB- or when CGI can make Hugh Jackman look about 30-35 again -RRB- . Hugh 's my age , and he seems like a great guy , but I 'm too old to play Wolverine too . You 've been warned .
 I waited to see this until it was on DVD because I had had my serious doubts about this movie , largely due to what I had heard as well as the lingering bad taste X-Men 3
 I did not have high hopes for this movie . I knew that for a character with such a murky and tangled backstory that things would have to be simplified for the audience . But I was in no way prepared for it to be caveman stupid . Before I go on I would like to clarify I am writing this , not as a comic fan , but as a film fan.This movie starts very strong with a well done introduction to wolverine , and sabertooth . We are then treated to an incredibly entertaining segment showing wolverine and sabertooth throughout their very long lives in extremely awesome battles.After that we are introduced to Stryker and his team of bad-asses . They put several generations of ninjas to shame , and then the movie ends . After that the movie shifts to Wolverine
 When my friend let me borrow this DVD i thought it looked really cool but I was wrong . Overall the movie is Bad . The action is not that great and the story line is not great either this film is very overated . They hardly show cyclopse , Gambit , or any of the other characters . When i first saw the commercial the voice says `` im assembling a perfect team . '' That team did not include Cyclopse or Gambit and the team was only in the movie for the beginning . Do not purchase the movie just rent it .
 He 's a superhero who breaks every stereotype . He smokes , drinks , kills without mercy and threatens even his comrades . So it 's about time that Marvel 's fiercest mutant gets his own movie . The first of the new `` Origins '' film lineup , it reveals Wolverine 's -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- long , choatic past and the transformation that made him the badass comic fans know and love . The film also explores his ties to William Stryker -LRB- Danny Huston -RRB- as well as his history with Victor Creed -LRB- Liev Schreiber -RRB- , which never came up in the X-Men movie trilogy -LRB- just one of many plotholes -RRB- . This film starts off well enough , with Jackman in all his roughneck , adamantium glory . Halfway through , however , director Gavin Hood shakes things up a bit . And by ` shake up , ' I mean throwing other X-Men characters like Gambit -LRB- Taylor Kitsch -RRB- and a young Scott Summers -LRB- Tim Pocock -RRB- into the mix with no regard for story continuity or logic . And then there 's Hood 's version of special-needs merc Deadpool ; the only thing he did right was sew his mouth shut . And even that does n't compare with the movie 's climax , which should have done more lasting damage to Wolverine but does n't . So while Wolverine is still the best at what he does , Hood apparently is not.This film is rated PG-13
 The storyline is a bit lacking . I am a big fun of the xmen movie series and so my expectations for this movie was very high . I had a hard time following the plot of the movie . However , the special effects were great
 Ok so if the CGI sucked when you saw it in theaters it is going to suck when you watch it in the privacy of your living room . This is the best example of when Hollywood totally ruins a great concept . They did it with Spider Man , Star Wars , & X-Men Last Stand . Soon to follow looks to be Iron Man.This crap of a movie was a joke . I have seen better CGI from Clash of the Titans . I love how his claws floated with the worst angles after he escaped to the farm house and they had that horrible bathroom scene . By far Liev Schreiber stole the show , his role as Sabretooth is the only redeeming quality in this film . Oh yeah Sabretooth could n't get metal claws either . Also did I mention that Ryan Reynolds is a tool and they TOTALLY ruined Deadpool and I am going to kick whoever makes a Deadpool movie in the crotch for yet again ruining a great concept . One star for Liev if not I would n't have even bothered putting a star .
 This really is the worst movie I 've ever seen . The acting and story are absolutely ridiculous . The four of us almost walked out of the theater when we saw it . I wish I had those 2 hours of my life back .
 Love the movie and blu-ray is fun but but it sucks when it says it includes a digital copy that is iTunes and Mac compatible but it wo n't play in my iTunes on my iMac . So far I 've had that with all 3 of the other X-Men series but all other -LRB- non rights managed -RRB- movies seem to play fine . They load in fine after the code key but then play 2 hours worth of grey screen with no sound . It 's too bad , makes paying for a digital copy pointless . If you have iTunes and want a digital copy - you 're better off with piracy ! At least then , you 're sure they 'll play !! No way I 'm buying anything else with a `` digital copy '' included until they get this fixed -LRB- yes , I 've tried both contacting Apple -LRB- who tried to figure it out at least -RRB- and the studios -LRB- who just do n't care as it does n't affect everyone , yet -RRB- .
 There where tons of horrible things about this film , but only one really angered me . In the very begging of the movie a subtitle came up to reveal the year being 1970 . The charter Logan is ten years old a few minutes later in the movies montage a clip is show of Logan as an adult fighting in the civil war . The civil war ended in 1963 - it is impossible for Logan to fight in a war that already ended .
 I have had dreadful experience with Pre-Orders here at Amazon.In this instance , my order now reads `` projected shipping date 21 September '' . are you kidding me ? This DVD was released on 15 September and I PRE-ORDERED it . One day I will learn my lesson . I also pre-ordered Star Trek . I 'm cancelling that one . I 'm better off driving over to Walmart to buy my new DVD 's .
 I was expecting more from this movie . Something like the way the 1st X-Men movie started , or how well done the second movie was . I 'm glad I rented instead of buying . It started out ok and there were nice references to the other movies , but over all it turned into just another cheesy super hero movie . I ca n't count the amount of times the claws were shown for no reason . It just became so lame.So anyway I suggest renting it , if you like it you like it , if not ...
 I like a good Action packed Blockbuster if done right . This is n't . Just an excuse to get people in the theater with a poor script and Jackman doing his Macho deal with his Wolverine portrayal . It was bad enough in the X-men movies but this is just more of the same.I would have rather seen a movie with Cyclops .
 I was looking forwards to this movie -LRB- after all X-Men I and X-Men III were both good -RRB- , but unfortunately , Wolverine is a special effects-laden soul-less mess . Actors flying around on wires , men in rubber suits , guys waving fake swords around . If I wanted to watch a fake-looking movie then I would watch Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon -LRB- and I do n't want to watch that either ! -RRB- . Now , I would agree that the Sabretooth character in this movie is better than the portrayal in X-Men I , where he was portrayed as a dim-witted pro-wrestler type , but 2nd-rate crappy superheroes like Gambit and an annoying cowboy-hat wearing version of Nightcrawler -LRB- ie
 ** 1/2 '' X-Men Origins
 It 's not a movie . It 's a couple of people with a camcorder . And it 's not funny or profound . Ca n't believe I wasted this part of my life .
 Moody but muddled mishmash of satanic silliness . A group of travelers on a bus headed for Las Vegas find themselves sharing the road with some kind of demon who kills people and then takes their places . The demon is supposedly a witch whose lover was lynched several years earlier . The script is so disheveled , however , and it 's hard to keep up with what 's going on right up to the inevitable twist ending . Shane Brolly , Al Sapienza and other actors are defeated by the contrived premise . For fans of the genre only .
 `` Empire Records '' star Johnny Whitworth plays a misguided youth in this 1996 Martin Donovan directed family drama . Gabriel Byrne and Nastassja Kinski are good , but the last half is so junky . Sadly , this movie failed .
 I just can see no way that the acting could be any worse . I have seen better performances on a grade school stage . Wow ... just Wow . How horrible . I wish that I could give this negative stars -LRB- and even then that would be too much -RRB- .
 I bought this movie cause I 'm a big fan of Angelina and it had to be part of my collection , but the truth is that if you 're not such a fan of her you 'll be wasting your time . The movie it 's pretty bad , it doesnt make much scence . The performances are not that bad , but the story its bad .
 One question ... WHAT THE HELL ????
 This film is one of those films that you watch and continue hoping to the last minute that it will get good , because throughout the film there are good moments , but in the end it is sadly , a flop . Danny Aiello is a good actor , so he makes his scenes believable , as does ann archer , but Angelina Jolie seems to be reading the lines right out of a script . A big flaw in this film is that throughout the movie it appears as if the characters are insane and crazy , only in the last few scenes all characters seem to suddenly turn boring and normal . This movie is not to be recommended . However if you do like this film or if you like the sort of mystical style , I recommend `` Arizona Dream '' which has similar qualities and in my opinion , is very good .
 I like this movie but this one I bought is bad . The talking is to fast for the movie . Waste of money , so its not the movies fault its the person I bought it from .
 `` Mojave Moon '' is a zany story of just what can happen in the desert during a full moon . Recently retired , Al McCord has n't yet made peace with his new situation . The doldrums of his life are broken when he meets Ellie , an attractive young woman . After giving Ellie a ride into the Mojave Desert , an unlikely entanglement grows with the young woman 's mother . The mother 's unstable boyfriend soon complicates the situation . `` Mojave Moon '' has several issues . First , the writing is mediocre . The main characters are caricatures of themselves . Such a deliberate attempt is made to have the actors and actresses play the roles of rebellious teenager , sweet housewife , mean redneck and restless retiree that the characters become static stereotypes . In the end , there is almost no character development . Also , if the premise taps into the notion that people do weird things on the night of the full moon , why does the time frame span a week or so ? Whether it 's the dialogue , individual scenes or plot architecture , the writing is a drawback . The second issue is the acting . Granted , it can be hard to tell where lackluster writing ends and acting begins . The actors and actresses may have made the best of working within the limits of the script as interpreted by the director . It 's possible but unlikely . In any case , the film has what may be the worst gun fight on film . It seems that the primary reason this film remains in-print is so that fans of Angelina Jolie can enjoy one of her earlier roles . -LRB- Indeed , while she was almost unnoticeable on the original movie poster , the new DVD cover prominently features the actress . -RRB- As Ellie , Jolie plays a teenage vixen . While she 's as attractive as ever , Jolie 's acting in this role is garden variety . Given this work , most would have a hard time predicting that the twenty-one year old actress would eventually earn Golden Globes and even an Academy Award . Given the overall timbre of this movie , it 's hard to believe that it was released in 1996 as it has that silly feel of films from the early 1980s . `` Mojave Moon '' has merit but it should only be watched by the most curious Angelina Jolie fans .
 It 's as if Sherwood Schwartz tried to make a David Lynch film.Lame script . No atmosphere . Bad acting.Nice knockers though.Get ` Wild at Heart ' instead .
 I give this movie 2 stars because of the actress and actor . Otherwise , crapy movie . I loved the song by Sharee Ford Payne `` Stay Awhile '' . I have been hunting it down ever since . With no luck .
 This movie drove me crazy it was so bad . I literally wanted to bleach my eyeballs out after sitting through it . The best part of this movie was Angelina Jolie - end of story . She steals the screen in anything she does , but even she could n't save this steaming piece of crap . The plot is inexorably stupid . I guess if you 're a diehard AJ fan and feel like seeing some of her earlier work , you might only be slightly homicidal after seeing it .
 `` Mojave Moon '' is a zany story of just what can happen in the desert during a full moon . Recently retired , Al McCord has n't yet made peace with his new situation . The doldrums of his life are broken when he meets Ellie , an attractive young woman . After giving Ellie a ride into the Mojave Desert , an unlikely entanglement grows with the young woman 's mother . The mother 's unstable boyfriend soon complicates the situation . `` Mojave Moon '' has several issues . First , the writing is mediocre . The main characters are caricatures of themselves . Such a deliberate attempt is made to have the actors and actresses play the roles of rebellious teenager , sweet housewife , mean redneck and restless retiree that the characters become static stereotypes . In the end , there is almost no character development . Also , if the premise taps into the notion that people do weird things on the night of the full moon , why does the time frame span a week or so ? Whether it 's the dialogue , individual scenes or plot architecture , the writing is a drawback . The second issue is the acting . Granted , it can be hard to tell where lackluster writing ends and acting begins . The actors and actresses may have made the best of working within the limits of the script as interpreted by the director . It 's possible but unlikely . It seems that the primary reason this film remains in-print is so that fans of Angelina Jolie can enjoy one of her earlier roles . -LRB- Indeed , while she was almost unnoticeable on the original movie poster , the new DVD cover prominently features the actress . -RRB- As Ellie , Jolie plays a teenage vixen . While she 's as attractive as ever , Jolie 's acting in this role is garden variety . Given this work , most would have a hard time predicting that the twenty-one year old actress would eventually earn Golden Globes and even an Academy Award . Given the overall timbre of this movie , it 's hard to believe that it was released in 1996 as it has that silly feel of films from the early 1980s . `` Mojave Moon '' has merit but it should only be watched by the most curious Angelina Jolie fans .
 I rented this movie for the sheer fact that Angelina Jolie was in it . THIS MOVIE SUCKS . I 'm sorry for the vulgarity or bluntness of the comment , but that is my opinion , which is the encompassing purpose of these reviews . The movie was a terrible attempt at hitting into the challenging action/comedy genre , a feat only acheived by some , and mostly entirely missed by others . Now is when the reader may ask , why then does the reviewer give it TWO stars ? Why not one ? Why review at all ? The answer to this can be explained in two words , which then , through the transitive property in mathematics , would be the basic equivalent to two stars
 I absolutely love Angelina Jolie , so of course I will sit and watch anything if it means looking at her for two hours . I own this video and I do watch it , but not because its a great film . If you are looking to find a Good movie to watch then keep looking . If you are an Anjelina fan , then you probably allready own it anyway .
 It is not possible to be more radiant , sympathetic , sultry , or vulnerable than Penelope Cruz manages in this movie . The scenes with her stuck in the relationship with her millionaire lover are astonishing . Two scenes are must-sees . One involves a lip-reader , a secret video camera , a distraught lover , and a defiant ex-lover . The other is just two flashes
 I was surprised at how disappointed I was with this movie . I like Almodovar 's movies quite a bit but the freshness of energy and the unexpected turns of events were missing I thought . To make matters worse , it seemed like Penelope Cruz , who I also like and though was great in Volver , nearly prostitutes herself in this role . I may be getting old but I 'm not that anxious to see her doing sex scenes and appearing half nude . Come on , Pedro , give us something a great director is worthy of .
 I enjoyed Volver so I gave Broken Embraces a chance & rented it one night . It was such an awful , long , POS to sit through . Bad characters , bad writing , bad casting , just BAD .
 This artificial reef -LRB- read
 This KINO release has some serious problems . First , there is an authoring error in which the menu screen breaks up and pixellates when you return to it from the feature or documentary . Second , the feature A COTTAGE ON DARTMOOR -LRB- 1929 -RRB- displays the `` herky-jerky '' movement seen with PAL to NTSC transfer errors -LRB- as in Milestone 's PHANTOM OF THE OPERA-1925 DVD travesty -RRB- . The documentary , SILENT BRITAIN , looks fine and does not exhibit the transfer error.I contacted Kino , but have received no response . Beware this release ... maybe they 'll fix it in the interim . Milestone never offered to fix their PHANTOM OF THE OPERA set ... so beware.Too bad , because the film is great . The documentary is a treasure . This is the first time that Kino has screwed up a release -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- .
 `` Mexican Werewolf in Texas `` Maverick Entertainment Grouppresents A Turning Point Productions Starring Erika Fay , Gabriel Gutierrez 2007 rated probably RWith a name like this I had to buy this movie.For some reason a werewolf has come to this sleepy town . First it kills or sucks out the blood of a herd of goats and a few humans , the usual horny teenagers making out in a goat pasture , -LRB- sure why not ? -RRB- The bodies are found and the Anglos in town blame them `` Damn Meshikins '' Aside from doing all the menial work what else do the Mexicans do ? There is a cute scene when the Anglo power brokers muse that maybe the Mexicans brought this monster w / them and maybe it will scare them back home . Cute , and a nice indictment on those powers that be ; sort of a we-need-them-to-do-the-work-but-we-don ` t-want-them-around . The main character is Anne and her friend Rosie who decide to catch the monster . The movie actually has the girls as the lead and I suppose a feminst might like that . Miguel , Anne 's boyfriend , is the Chicano school boy who somehow got a girl but is not interested in chasing down a monster.The town tough guy w / the town tramp lead a group to catch the monster but lust wins out and bingo , he gets gobbled up too . All this 100 yards from the posse 's bonfire and beerfest . It 's not a bad scene after all.Mexican people are portrayed in a curious duality.There are the typical dim witted peasants , cluthcing their Bibles and beer bottles , but also several characters are educated and professional . The town veterinarian is a Chicano who seems to have a clue about life . He holds court at a local taqueria sipping beer w / the compadres and plans strategy . They understand if whatever is killing the goats is not found Mexicans of any legality will be blamed . When humans get killed he is the calm one to add guidance to the homeboys w / shotguns.Maria the vet 's lovely assistant is a smart confidant vet-to-be which reinforces the `` Girl Power '' feel of the movie . The ladies are the strong ones in this film . The town tramp is a blond who delivers a a credible scatterbrain role and who provides the obligatory nudity for the R rating . -LRB- Yes , that 's what sells movies -RRB- . This movie is not terrible . There are a few twists and considering the budget must have been in the pennies , production value was good.The climax of the film is when all hell breaks loose and the girls rescue Miguel and they get into deeper trouble .
 There is only one thing I want to know about this movie . Were the actors selected from a High School talent show play ?
 Okay , it was n't that good as far as werewolf movies go , but to me the worse part of it was the actors and their accents . I do n't mean to disrespect anyone with an accent , but these people sounded like they had Irish accents that were really tough to follow . I could n't understand more than half of what they were saying . I actually believe it would have done better with subtitles .
 An over narrated story that must be of the lowest beget.In the small Texas town of Furlough an unseen -LRB- better that way -RRB- force is munching on goats . The son of the local vet , Miguel -LRB- Gabriel Gutierrez -RRB- thinks it is Chewbacca oops I mean Mexican werewolf Chupacabra that is supposed to have a hankering for cabrito . Unfortunately for the local promiscuous teens Chupacabra 's dietary repertoire is expanding.Mean time a father , Mr. Furlough , a pillar of society , has an exotic scheme to curb his daughter 's wanton ways and remove the object of her lust who just happened to be Miguel.Can the town dispatch the Chupacabra?Will Mr. Furlough dispatch Miguel?Will Chupacabra get his goat?This film certainly got mine .
 this `` movie '' was just plain awful ! i rented it because the cover and the title looked and sounded ridiculous . i enjoy `` good , bad '' movies . this was just atrocious ! as for the other reviewer , if i had a relative in this `` movie '' , i would never have told anyone , period !
 I am a horror movies fan , and the ONLY reason I got this piece of trash 's DVD is that it 's cover had a `` Winner of the blah blah award in the blah blah film festival '' , and usually , movies that win a prize are good to watch , well I hate to say , I wasted my time & my money.Do NOT WATCH IT , even if you dont have anything else to do , go to sleep or do anything else .
 I thought this one would hold suite to ` An American Werewolf In London '' , becuz of it 's title of course , but it was NO where near AAWIL , or any werewolf movie for that matter . I do n't even think it was really a werewolf-It came out in the daylight . Horror-ble !!!
 This is a brilliant and most entertaining B musical . It even garnered an Academy Award nomination for the song `` I 've Heard That Song Before '' - music by Jule Styne ; lyrics by Sammy Cahn and a big hit for Harry James around 1942 . No really big names in the cast but a lot of fun.I 've been hunting for a copy of this film for years , but I 've never seen it on television and until now it 's never been issued on video.So why the poor rating?Because it is a terrible print ; very dark and fuzzy . I can only guess that it was the best copy that Synergy Entertainment could find . A great disappointment ; I shall nevertheless continue enjoying it regardless of the poor quality as there is little likelihood of anything better showing up in the future.Full marks to Amazon for sending it so promptly - it arrived much sooner than they promised .
 I really tried to like this and it had potential but they spend too much time trying to make fun of the republicans and pushing the gay lifestyle that they screwed up what could have been a really funny show . It 's worth a look but falls short of funny .
 I ca n't agree with the other two reviewers . I love Science Mystery Theatre , which is very clever . This movie is irritatingly undergraduate in its humour . Avoid it and save your money .
 Maybe I just was n't intelligent enough to get this movie , but to me , Mister Foe was just weird and twisted . Jamie Bell -LRB- who I 'll always associate with Billy Elliott -RRB- was phenomenal as Hallam Foe , a seventeen year old voyeur , whose mother had recently committed suicide . Unable to cope , Hallam leaves for the big city , where he finds a woman who looks eerily similar to his mother and Hallam starts spying on her . I get that this film was supposed to be coming of age , sophisticated , and meaningful , but honestly , I just found it creepy . The film was choppy , extremely slow , and just when you thought something was going to happen , it does n't . In Mister Foe , Jamie Bell really does show just how good an actor he has become . Aside from that , this movie is just weird .
 Brutal Acting - Desparate Direction - Lighting drastic - Very Canadian - Dull , Found it hard to stay awake .
 Amnesia
 If I had been paying attention , I would have realized that with Miles O'Keeffe in this film -LRB- Tarzan , the Ape Man , Sword of the Valiant - The Legend of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight -RRB- , it was n't going to be Last of the Mohicans . Actually , I was watching it to see Tony Goldwyn , who usually turns in a solid performance . Unfortunately , the same wig mistress who got hold of Miles in Sword of the Valiant - turning him into the Little Dutch Boy and totally distracting from the rest of the film - must have worked on Tony in this one , making him look ludicrous and again distracting from the film . Which only goes to prove , even though clothes do n't make the man , a bad wig can ruin a performance and even an entire film.Which makes me wonder , what were the filmmakers thinking ? Could n't they see ? But then , I could ask that question concerning pretty much everything in this film . I ca n't believe it was ever made . From the very beginning , when the first Englishmen set foot on land and are met by native Americans who already speak English , you know this is not going to have high , or even believable , standards . And were those boards making up the walls of the fort sawed at the local sawmill , or just picked up at Home Depot?Now , the excuse of low budget can be used to explain a lot of things ; but it ca n't explain a poor script , poor directing and poor acting . There are plenty of great films out there that were made on shoe string budgets . But I think the motivation here is not to produce a great film , but just to have an excuse for Miles O'Keeffe to take off his shirt and a beautiful woman to gush over him . Which , in addition to everything else , cheapens the story of Pocahantas and John Smith.If you want to watch a movie about Pocahantas , watch Disney 's version ; or , better yet , Last of the Mohicans , which is still the best movie about native Americans and the settlement of this country . If you want to watch a bad wig destroy a performance -LRB- Tony Goldwyn 's - although I think his accent , the director and the script all helped -RRB- , watch this movie . Then follow it with Sword of the Valiant and just make it a bad wig/bad movie night.Waitsel Smith
 Only ordered it so my daughter could learn a little more realistic history on Makaoto for a school project ... It sux
 Now its my understanding that back in the day if you wanted to make a movie with some female nekkidness in it , you could , but in order to get around certain local laws prohibiting such displays you did so under the guise of creating an edumacational or medical film -LRB- somehow I do n't think either of these two films ever found their way to the high schools , which was odd , given their ` edumacational ' content and all ... I 'm be facetious ... I know , I know , its hard to tell at times -RRB- . You probably would n't have seen these somewhat sleazy movies in a respectable theater , as more often than not those peddling this often times lurid fare would set up their own , makeshift venues by erecting a tent on the outskirts of a town , to which the men would flock , knowing exactly what they were getting ... as times changed and restrictions eased , the pretenses were dropped , and thus saw the fading away of films as these ... The first film on this DVD is titled Test Tube Babies -LRB- 1948 -RRB- aka Blessed Are They aka Sins of Love aka The Pill and relates to the notion of artificial insemination ... sort of ... as the film opens , we see the credits , and one in particular stands out stating ` The medical and technical data approved by The National Research Foundation for Fertility , Incorporated ' ... wow , sounds official , does n't it ? Chances are it was probably a sham corporation , or perhaps a real one , with little idea the real intent behind the movie , but then that 's just my opinion . Anyway , as the story begins we meet a young couple , their names George and Cathy . George proposes to Cathy , they get married , buy a little house along with some appliances , and go on a honeymoon , all within the first five minutes . Next time we see them it 's a year later , and things seem to be all right , but tensions begin to develop , specifically because this union has yet to bear any fruit -LRB- its babies I 'm speaking to , ya idjit -RRB- , even though all of their married friends seem to be popping them out like Pez . Cathy 's got the baby fever something fierce , so they decide to go to the doctor , and they learn there 's nothing wrong with Cathy 's plumbing . Turns out George is the one gumming up the works ... his man juice has got no go go , he 's shooting blanks , his boys are dead in the water , etc. . . the doc , after a lengthy information sequence , recommends artificial insemination . Hey , it works on livestock , right ? Why not on humans ? They go for it , and soon Cathy begins popping them out , and all the marital strife soon disappears replaced by domestic happiness ... a third of this film actually deals with the subject of artificial insemination , which was incredibly boring , by the way , while the rest is the lurid sleaze the audience is actually paying to see ... it 's presented in the manner of George and Cathy 's swinging friends , the ones without children , and wild parties that include copious amounts of alcohol , impromptu burlesque routines , inebriated women in their underwear , the occasional catfight -LRB- complete with hair pulling and clothes falling off -RRB- , wife swapping , and just debauchery in general . There is some very brief glimpses of flesh , just enough to ensure titillation among the rubes ... the funniest thing about this film , besides the completely rotten acting and moronic script is near the end , while George is waiting expectantly for Cathy to birth her test tube baby ... he 's nervous as hell , and the doctor comes out and recommends he sit and smoke a cigarette , to calm himself down ... smoke ` em if you got ` em ... as prescribed by a doctor ... one odd aspect was in regards to George 's sterility ... it was n't the result of questionable activities from his past -LRB- copulation with farm animals or such -RRB- , but just how he was ... the advertising seemed to indicate differently , but in actuality , George was pretty much a stick in the mud with all his uptightness ... he 's quite the buzz kill , if you ask me . This feature runs 53 minutes.The bonus feature is titled Hell is a Place Called Hollywood -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , and focuses on the exploitation that often occurs to the young women who flock west with dreams of becoming famous actresses and such . Apparently this was common enough for someone to produce a sort of edumacational/warning film about it , to which we have here the story of one such girl named Shelia Anderson . Sheila , after winning a local beauty contest , her prize being a bit part in a movie , relocates to Hollywood , hoping to develop a movie career . She moves in with a roommate -LRB- who 's ugly as sin -RRB- , but finds the going tough , so Sheila decides to try photographic modeling . She does find work modeling all kinds of things , but advertisers are always looking for fresh faces , so Shelia finds work harder and harder to come by ... respectable work , that is ... around this time her roommate decides to go back home , because she ca n't find any work -LRB- probably due to her ugly horse face -RRB- , and Sheila is alone and penniless . She then hooks up with another photographer , and it turns out he only wants to take lurid pictures , and since all her money is gone , Shelia reluctantly acquiesces as beggars ca n't be choosy ... nice granny bloomers there , Sheila ... as the film ends we see a regretful , shamed , homeless Sheila eating crackers and using the discarded box in her shoe to cover a hole in her sole ... hole in her soul ... anyway , this short feature has a bit more nekkidness than the first , as we watch Sheila reviewing the movie footage of herself in her bit part which involved her skinny dipping -LRB- what kind of movie was that ? -RRB- , I thought it really odd that someone should make a film exposing the exploitive nature of the Hollywood system that actually featured a girl being exploited , but then again the expressed intent is a long cry from the actual intent , which was to show a little skin for the pleasures of a lecherous audience , all done under the guise of warning those young and impressionable girlies to think twice before hopping that bus to La La Land . This film runs about 20 minutes.The picture quality on this Alpha Video DVD of Test Tube Babies is completely rotten . It 's murky , fuzzy , missing frames , terribly damaged and appears to be a 4th or 5th generation copy . Surprisingly the audio is n't too bad . The picture quality on Hell is a Place Called Hollywood is a little bit better -LRB- but not much -RRB- , appearing washed out at times , but relatively intact . The audio , however , suffers -LRB- dropouts , tone variation , etc. -RRB- . As far as the quality aspects I speak to , it was about how I expected given this was an Alpha release , so there were n't any surprises . There are no extras , except for a video DVD case display of other Alpha cheapie releases . All in all , an inexpensive release , good for a few laughs and a meager amount of flesh ... Cookieman108
 I have a very high tolerance for this kind of exploitation trash , and these movies , though short , have the potential to be very amusing -- laugh riots , in fact.However , the print on Test Tube Babies is so badly damaged that I ca n't even tell exactly what kind of exploitation picture it was supposed to be . Was there actual nudity or just smarmy sexuality and innuendo ? Because of the jump cuts , missing frames , washout , and projection burn in -LRB- possibly from the projectionist pausing on certain frames to `` enjoy '' them -RRB- , it 's impossible to say for sure . In its original form , this film probably has high camp value . Sadly , the Alpha Video print is barely worth watching.Hell Is a Place Called Hollywood is a much better print -- though it appears to be a one-take wonder , as some scenes seem to be shot out of focus . It does have a bit of nudity , and the camp value is pretty high . Sadly , it 's only about 20 minutes long -- and TTB is only about 53 . With so little content , and the longer film badly damaged , this `` double feature '' is only worth the $ 5 to collectors who are really into this kind of thing , and even then ... There are probably better cheap exploitation pictures -LRB- or at least films with better prints -RRB- for your dollar .
 A mediocre , unfunny and old-fashionned moovie . The only reason why I give it 2 stars are the scenes featuring DIANA BARTON . She totally lights up the film with her unique and sensual ways . Diana is without a doubt one of the most beautiful actress in the world . Watch `` Skin Deep '' for her !
 This movie has been wildly overpraised here , in my opinion . What ca n't be overpraised is the physique of Raye Hollitt , who has a short , memorable scene as a female bodybuilder who gives John Ritter 's character more than he bargained for . Her muscular body is breathtakingly beautiful , providing for one of the sexiest scenes in recent movie history . The rest of the movie I could do without . Merely OK .
 I am a fan of Blake Edwards movies , as well as John Ritter . Blake Edwards has made some extremely funny movies . This , unfortunately was not one of them . There was maybe 2 minutes total of the movie that were funny . Otherwise it was a painfully dull & even somewhat sour movie .
 Fell asleep while watching this movie , twice ! It started out well enough , but then kept getting bogged down with all the scenes where he just talks to the bartender or to the shrink.Never would have rented it except to see Robert Dowdell -LRB- VTTBOTS -RRB- in a bit part ...
 This is the definitive one-star movie . Major studio , proven director , interesting idea . Completely awful . I felt bored , used , and soiled watching this horrible film . See all Blake Edwards ' films before this one . In fact , just watch `` The Party '' and `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' and leave it at that . Life is too short .
 Ordered this as a Christmas present for my daughter . We just tried watching it and the first disc would not load . The second disc loaded just fine , but that did not do us much good . Since I do my Christmas shopping early , I had bought this back in October , so I am pass the window for getting a replacement . Guess I will not be doing early shopping from Amazon next year .
 I gave season 1 the benefit of the doubt because it had to establish the back story , but season 2 seems to be nothing but filler . It tries to keep you on the hook with their little mysteries but there never seems to be a payoff . We see pictures of Lucy in the past , so we might expect time travel to be involved but instead we get stupid stories about roots attacking or water breathing children.I have totally lost interest in this series.I say , save your money , this series isnt worth it .
 After enjoying the still fresh , witty , and tender-hearted Leave it to Beaver series on DVD , I was ready for another fifties family sit-com . I bought this show as it always got better ratings than LITB . What a disappointment ! The scripts are razor thin , the humor is non-existent , the whole series reeks of the kind of blandness that fifties sit-coms are mocked for . Poorly written by hacks , this one is moldy and has aged very poorly . Carl Betz is handsome but wooden . Donna Reed is pretty but totally unconvincing . The kids are self-consciously annoying actors with Paul Petersen 's character hinting at the aggravatingly precocious child actors to come later on in TV land . Skip this one .
 I rented this on net flix to share with my daughter and to preview it before purchasing . I remember watching it as a child . Now , watching again from an adult perspective , I am shocked at how manipulative Donna is . In one episode on the first disc , She goes behind her husband 's back , cons his friend into pleading guilty to an unjust traffic citation instead of fighting it , just so the family can go camping . In the end , she gets her way , and her husband thanks her for watching out for him and gives her a kiss . Excuse me ?? My husband would be livid , and rightly so ! She is always there , ready to conquer any situation and set everything to right , no matter the cost as she puts on a smile and ever so sweetly puts the man in his place . Not a role model I would want my daughter to follow .
 This movie was very boring . And while i understand the Olsens are getting older , they want to do more grown up material . Making out every 2 minutes in the morning is not the way to so it . The plot was unbelievably stupid . Even for an Olsen fan . I think if your a parent and want to get this , Its appropriate for kids maybe under the age of 12 as long as you do n't mind them watching a lot of kissing scenes . Any kid older than this will be bored .
 I 've seen a lot of movies , both good and bad . This one really bites the dust . The Olsen twins have zero enthusiasm . On the bright side , all the other actors are very enthusiastic , although I have seen better acting in high school plays . I do n't think the plot can get any more predictable . If I , your average citizen , wrote a film script it would probably be more interesting than this one . When , you are buying this movie you may think , ` hey at least I 'll see some pretty shots of Rome ' . Believe me , there were barely any , and for some reason a lot of the scenes where they are traveling around Rome seem to be filmed with a home video camera or maybe purposefully made to look that way -LRB- because the director thought it looked ` cool ' ?? -RRB- , and they are very grainy . I would just skip this movie , its not worth your time , definitely worse than other Olsen twin movies .
 olsens i still love you but this film stinks , you were the best part !!!! love , babyface
 I 've never writen a review before but this `` movie '' moved me to act . One star is too good for this pre-teen dribble . My 7 y/o daughter loved this movie but I developed sea sickness . Not only is the story line unbearable but camera bobs side to side , up and down as if the camera man is drunk . Did Mary-Kate and Ashley take artistic control of this movie intending to be modern day Hitchcocks ? The fake accents are worse than Kevin Costner 's in Robin Hood . Who would admit to writing this . . someone who needed the money , has reads the articles in vogue , and graduated from middle school .
 This movie does not develop the characters at all . they accuse ryan of being arrogant , obnoxious , and spoiled , simply because he wants to enjoy his free time , and also because he does n't want to become a fashion intern . hello ! not everyone has to have a job , and not everyone has to like fashion ! the twins have n't developed their acting `` skills '' either . Each intern goes romping around Rome without supervision , but since it 's a movie , nobody gets mugged , or anything else ... sooo unrealistic . Also , the two twins have no self-respect , but allow crazy , unattractive weasels like Paulo to control them ... whenever Paulo says , `` come with me '' , `` let me show you ... '' , etc. , Charli says , `` okay . '' hello -- think for yourself , hon. and when the total stranger , Ryan , drives his car on the beach , Leila automatically chats it up w / him like their buddies . stranger danger , anyone ? then she proceeds to ride w / him in his car . ummm ... thats how most teenage girls dissappear ... ugh . also , the girls and Jami end almost all of their sentences with that horrible fake half-laugh , as if they think they 're so darn cute , anything they say is hilarious and sophisticated . and the directors are so unobservant . they forgot that when the girls , jami , and derek are at the trevi fountain , they 're is a five feet or so distance between the actors and the real citizens ... its soo obvious its a movie ... and charli does n't know what espresso is ... and heidi is weird . . she says `` or a sacrificial lamb '' and nobu says `` rats are the first to leave a burning ship '' how lame ... anyway , this so-called review is more of a rant on the horrid movie . my apologies ... : -RRB-
 Once again , this is quite an unrealistic movie , the typical Olsen twins movie theme is quite apparent - teenage girls galavanting in diffrent locations around the world , hence the title ` When in Rome ' . I do believe their list of exiting new places to film their movies must be shrinking , just as my enthusiasm about their movies these days . Its been the same ol same ol for about 5 movies now - the girls travel to some vacation spot and find boys ... puh leez ... Spare me before they come out with a movie called `` Make out in Manhatten '' !! I just could not pay attention watching this one , its defenately not their best .
 you have 2 girls who are interning in italy for a job in fashion . They meet boys , mess up their intership and have fun . This movie feels like something from the 1980 's . Very mild and laid back . Nothing fancy or exciting , just mild . I think it 's time for the olsen twins to change when it comes to their movie stories . This is good for teens who need good role models.I will always admire them for staying so child like . You have to in a world like this .
 Like all their other movies , `` When In Rome '' was poorly acted , concentrating mainly on fashion and guys . I have seen every Olsen movie from the their detective years to their teens , with the exception of `` Getting There '' . However , I do n't believe I missed much.Overall , this movie was simply boring . The only good part in this were when you saw the beautiful shots of Rome . `` When In Rome '' started out with the twins waking up and prancing around their balcony taking pictures . -LRB- and they say Ryan is spoiled ? -RRB- The entire movie consisted Mary-Kate and Ashley starting their internship at a fashion company , getting fired , Palo driving Charli -LRB- or is it Leila ? Who can tell them apart ?? -RRB- around Rome , the twins meeting their boss who invites them to his beach town -LRB- yes , he owns the whole town -RRB- , Leila meeting Ryan and riding around in his car , their boss and other boss getting together , the twins getting re-hired , and the twins discovering that yet another of their bosses is stealing clothes from the company because he was jealous that the head boss got all the attention.The only thing that 's remotely suspenseful is THE QUESTION . Who will be picked to be an intern next summer and go to New York ?? Hmmm ... could it be ... . MARY-KATE AND ASHLEY ?? OK , it might sound like I 'm a hater , but I 'm not . I liked Billboard Dad , Switching Goals , Passport to Paris , Our Lips Are Sealed , Holiday In the Sun and Winning London -LRB- etc. -RRB- just fine . I mean , they were terrible movies , but at least they were fun . The only question I have is if they 're so `` fashion-forward '' and are working for a fashion designer company and Charli 's fashion sketches are so brilliant , than why do their clothes look like they got them from Goodwill ?
 I am a BIG Olsen fan and love their movies , but this one-boring . I wached like 15 minutes of it and just turned it off . I only paed attention in that 15 minutes for only 5 minutes . No plot at all . And in the commercials-a frickin Scooby-Doo advertisment ! With all those MKAA advertisments ! yikes . I am GLAD we got it at the dollar store for $ 1 !!!!
 I hate to be a downer on MK & A , because they are lovely and talented girls . But this movie was a huge disappointment . They must have used a completely NEW crew on this film ! The editing was sloppy , the script seemed to be incomplete and out of order , and the scenes did n't even fit well together ! It was honestly frustrating to watch . My little sister claimed she could have written a better script ! Haha . But MK & A are still some of the best role models ever , beautiful , talented , and I am a FAN FOREVER ! Let 's just hope they can produce more films at the quality of `` Our Lips Are Sealed . '' SIDE COMMENT
 This Movie Was Extremely Cheesy Movie . Not very good acting . Dissapointed . Not a good movie . The olsen twins other movies are good . I recommend Double double toil and trouble .
 This was probably the worst movie ever . ALl of there movies are good except this , getting there , and winning london . DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE ! They are actually kind of mean to some kid because he does n't work . so what !
 THis is the worst mka movie ever . It had no plot and the ending was really pathetic . I was really disappionted because mka 's NYM was really good . Most of mka movies are good but this one STUNK !!!!!!!!!!!
 I ca n't write an in-depth review of this because I could n't finish watching the DVD . I thought it was boring . It never went anywhere . The movie flips through a few coffee scenes and undelivered packages . I love Mary Kate and Ashley though . I 've grown up with them since Full House . My favorite video was `` Holiday in the Sun '' which I felt had a better plot and numerous outfit changes . This movie was far too serious to be enjoyable , much like `` Winning London . '' I 'll still keep renting their videos , but this one was one of my least favorites , besides `` Getting There . ''
 I am not expecting much out of this movie . The other one - `` Getting There '' was bad . I read the plot of this one , and it sounds like all of the other ones . I was lucky enough to rent the other movie . I sugest you to do that . Enjoy !
 All i can say is that this movie is cheesier than cheese . OOOhhhh - Mary kate and Ashley get fired from a job . WOW . I 'm sooooo worried now . Who gives a crap ? It 's the worst storyline i have EVER seen .
 Hot French babes ! Full frontal nudity ! An axe to the head ! A person in flames ! Lots of blood ! You think that these things would add up to a pretty darn good zombie movie would n't you ? Well you would be wrong , at least in the case of this bizarre and often ridiculous story of friendship that goes beyond the grave , brought to us by the nation of France.The movie starts out with some inept Frenchmen bungling the storage of some toxic waste goo . It 's underneath a building where there happens to be a coffin containing a dead girl by the name of Catherine Valmont -LRB- Franoise Blanchard -RRB- . You know what comes next ... the waste is spilled . Oops ! And since everyone knows that toxic waste awakens the dead , bad things happen . These guys were n't the sharpest knives in the drawer.The story unfolds as Catherine makes her way back to her home , which is on the market to be sold , and gets in touch with her best friend named Helene , from her `` alive '' time . Of course Helene comes right over , only to find her friend naked and killing people . I know what you 're thinking , `` A naked zombie ? There 's no doubt I love zombies , but come on , I do n't wan na see that ! . '' Well that 's simply not the case because this zombie is one hot dead chick . She gets my vote for the Hottest Dead Babe Award.Jean Rollin decided that for this movie , dead people do n't decompose . After 2 years of death , Catherine 's still lookin ' good . Maybe they had some makeup budget problems so this was the easy way out . Actually , it was to make their illogical story seem more credible . Had Catherine looked like a Fulci creation , Helene obviously would know she 's dead . Instead , Helene just refuses to believe that her friend has risen from the dead , even after she sees Catherine feeding on the blood of humans . Helene seems to think that she 's just going through some kind of phase because she actually helps Catherine to feed by going out and murdering people . Alright , stop right here . Maybe it 's just me , but this is friendship taken way too far . You have to draw the line somewhere and in my book , killing people so your friend can feed on their blood is where the line is drawn ! I do n't care if you are `` blood '' sisters!The case can be made that THE LIVING DEAD GIRL is n't even a zombie movie at all , and you could make some very good points on why it 's not . One being the fact that Catherine 's preference is the blood of her victims , not the flesh , and we do n't get any indication that she 's into brains either . Director Jean Rollin has a history of making vampire films , so this could be just another of his offshoots on that vampire lore . The bottom line is that she 's undead either way you look at it . I prefer to put her into the zombie category for the simple fact that she 's awoken by toxic waste , an oft-used movie method of zombification.I ca n't complain about the acting on this one , it 's actually acted out generally well . The gore is in full force and they do a good job . For me , the movie would have easily been an average film , if only the story had n't fallen so short . So many things just did n't make sense and I simply was n't able to overlook them .
 Living Dead Girl is by far the worst films from Jean Rollin . It 's slow , boring , sad , and is a cheaply made gorefest .
 I was expecting more nudity being a jean rollin film . I was disappointed by the fact that it was slow paced and lacked any thrill to the horror . I suggest you not to buy this DVD and try Zombie lake !
 I did n't get the dvd I ordered , I ordered the one pictured above , but the copy I got of this amazing film sucked , the image was pixelated , overall , I was very dissatified with the product I got , not the film which I think is a masterpiece .
 I was very disappointed with this movie ... i expected much more.It was painfully slow ... yes some good gore scenes ... but too few and too much dead air inbetween!Unless you want to sit down and really watch a `` movie '' , as if its some drama ... then this is notfor you ... there are so many better horrors out there ... Atmospheric yes ... cute girls . . yes ... some sex . . yes ... some blood . . yesbut sadly in a rather boring drawn out package ... You are better off going for `` Inside '' its a well paced gory French movie ... hardly a dull momentfrom start to finish ... and tons of blood ! ... That was a unique concept and worth every penny!Good luck . . gore fans !!!
 This review is more about the DVD itself than the movie . The 1 star is for the quality of the DVD , I would give the movie 3.5-4 . The movie is standard Jean Rollin fare - gratuitous nudity , lots of blood , and a dreamlike atmosphere . The DVD , however ... First off , the Amazon display image is NOT the actual DVD artwork . The image shown is featured on the back of the DVD case , but the front has a nice picture of the female star naked and covered in blood . So much for the good ... This DVD has some severe strikes against it :1 -RRB- The `` widescreen '' notation on the technical specs on the back of the case is a complete and utter lie . The movie is presented `` widescreen '' in the sense that its ratio is not quite 1:33 - it looks to be about 1:64 or 1:66 - which is fine , except that the movie is presented in a non-anamorphic format , and is also slightly windowboxed inside the 4x3 frame , so it 's kinda like watching a moving postage stamp in the middle of your HD TV .2 -RRB- The DVD looks to come from a poorly converted PAL source , and the image has more combing than a salon full of ` tween girls getting ready for the homecoming dance . In fact , the combing is so bad in some scenes that characters almost look like they are leaving trails behind them as they walk . The combing can cause the whole scene , even static objects , to seem to be in motion . I would recommend dramamine before viewing . -LRB- Oddly enough , the included short subject `` Les pays loins '' , looks beautiful . -RRB- 3 -RRB- The running time listed on the back of the case -LRB- 96 minutes -RRB- is a full 10 minutes off - the movie runs a few seconds over 86 minutes .4 -RRB- The whole thing seems to have been slapped together without much regard - there are mis-spellings on the back of the case -LRB- for example
 THis movie for lack of a better word BORING ! The charecters in this movie have no depth . The plot is about a guy who runs a shower house . WHO CARES ! The movie feels like it 's 10 hours long . Buy it for foreign taste , but not for a movie that makes you think .
 The tagline to this film 's advertisement boasts `` Real as the Screaming Headlines ! True as the Bullets that Wrote Them ! '' These lines promise more that the film can fulfill . In this `` true crime '' drama , the actual St. Louis policemen involved in the `` Great St. Louis Bank Robbery '' played the same roles they did on that fateful day , when three desperate men -LRB- plus the getaway driver -RRB- attempted the broad-daylight robbery of the Southwest Bank . A young Steve McQueen , very early in his film career , is George Fowler , the youngest of the hold-up men . His relationship with a partner 's sister stood to endanger the whole plan , and hardened criminal John Egan -LRB- Crahan Denton -RRB- must make sure everything goes as planned . This created a tension between the men that may derail the job . This all sounds better than what is actually in the film . The low budget black & white look of the film ca n't even muster a semi-documentary feel to the `` true-life '' events . The actors all gave lackluster performances , either overplaying , underplaying , or just not playing . The addition of the `` real-life '' policemen added nothing to the proceedings
 The DVD by Platinum Disc Corporation of The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery starring Steve McQueen with a shot on the case from his role in The Getaway -LRB- 1972 -RRB- is only 1/2 a movie , which is to say , they only put the last half of the movie on this DVD . The film on their disc opens with the girl , Ann , writing her warning in lipstick on the bank window at night . The first half of the movie which introduces the characters and sets up the bank robbery is completely missing . I would have probably given this old B-movie at least 3 stars if it had n't been lacking 1/2 a movie ! Other versions of this film that have been previously released or may come later should hopefully at least be complete , but not this one . I essentially wasted my money .
 There are two reasons to see this film - a young , pre-famous Steve McQueen and the step back in to 1950 's with all the great classic cars.This was one of McQueen 's first film roles and definitely not on his best films list . It 's interesting to watch McQueen in his last 20 's knowing that superstardom was a few short years away . THE GREAT ST. LOUIS BANK ROBBERY is based on a true story and features the actual locations and some of the real policemen surrounding the heist . Knowing that , the film is bland and relatively slow paced . We do n't know much about the bank robbers and their relationships as they plan their heist.McQueen is the star of the film and a young man recruited to drive the getaway car . Although he 's not eager to break the law , he sees this as a way to get back on track with his life . Finally , when the actual heist begins do we begin to see some action and excitement in this film . McQueen 's youthful and raw talent slowly begins to emerge near the end of the film.The quality of the print is tolerable but not great . The film looks dark and menacing which adds a bit to the story . Men were still wearing long coats and hats in the 50 's so the step back in time is interesting . Basically , I could only recommend this film to a Steve McQueen fan wanting to see the beginnings of the King of Cool .
 The St. Louis Bank Robbery , 1959 filmThe film begins with a man driving a car on a highway . Three cars park off the street , across from a bank . ` This story is based on a true incident . '' Men of the St. Louis Police Department play their actual parts . The four men discuss the bank
 The DVD that I received was a big disappointment . The transfer to DVDwas very bad , so dark it was hard to determine what was going on . After15 minutes I threw the thing in the trash .
 There is something wrong with this video . You can only hear the music . The woman 's lips -LRB- and hips -RRB- move but you can not hear a word she is saying .
 I wish I was Zoe so that someone would have killed me before I started watching this drivel.This film was reccomended to me and all I can say is I 'm glad I did n't pay to see it.Quentin Tarantino and Lawrence Bender produced this . I must admit , I find that very hard to believe . Not because of the slow pace , crappy story and characters -LRB- Although that is surprisng for those two -RRB- but it 's the incredible lack of money that surprised me most of all . Do n't get me wrong on this , I do n't care if a film is made on pennies . BUT IT HAS TO BE GOOD.Robert Rodrigiez made El Mariachi on seven thousand dollars . This looks like it was made on seven cents.I personally think that this film was no more than one of Tarantino 's old Video archives buddies asking for a bit of money to make a film . Tarantino being the nice guy that he supposedly is , not to mention a film addict , was curious to see what his friend would produce . Now it went one of two ways.Either Tarantino and Bender gave him the money and left him to do the whole thing on his own without any tip offs , or the guy just kept all the money , went to the local supermarket to pick up a crappy video camera -LRB- cos that 's what it looks like -RRB- and shot the film without a care in the world eagerly awaiting the rap party.Anyway I f you find all this hard to believe -LRB- Just like I did -RRB- then get hold of this and find out yourself . But make sure you do yourself a favour and when you start to get incredibly bored , turn the film off . Take my advice , It does n't get any better.I would be surprised if Lawrence Bender and Quentin Tarantino did n't agree with me !
 My most recent ex-wife refused to watch this because her daughter 's name matched 50 % of the title -LRB- no ... not Killing -RRB- . When I finally did get to see the thing , I was ... let down . It had , after all , been highly recommended by friends . Gosh
 Despite all the talent surrounding `` Killing Zoe '' I found it to be routine and disapointing . How could the man who helped write the zany , unpredictable rollercoaster `` Pulp Fiction '' write and direct such a standard , dull movie ? This movie rarely held my attention and I felt it was pretentious and contrived . Also , it lacked the surprise and insanity of `` Reservoir Dogs , '' which it frequently seemed to be ripping off and copying off of .
 Very disappointing . I 'm a big fan of Tarantino/Rodriquez-type films , but this one is flat out stupid . No sympathetic characters , action is blurry . Rent it if you must .
 Movie Summary
 come on ! never have i seen a more contrived , indulgent Tarantino rip off in my life . An unoriginal bore with hammy acting , unispired directing and an idiotic story .
 I 've been told a few times what a superb movie `` Killing Zoe '' is . I was VERY disapointed at this lame , Tarantino imitation . Avary does not know much about writing a script , apparently . It seems that Hhe spent all his time setting up contrived and over used camera angles . He did n't bother throwing in any surprises or even characters that the viewer could empathize with for that matter . Low budget trash . Maltin was right
 I am no fan of Julie Delpy , but she was the best thing about this movie . The film was plotless and a BIG waste of time . Half of the movie is wasted with a bunch of French characters getting drugged up ... and all this wasted time really irritated me and actually angered me . I could not believe I was sitting there watching such stupidity . -LRB- I had to sit through it because a friend agreed to watch a movie I recommended if I would do the same -RRB- . Eric Stoltz could do better than this , but for some reason , here he is in this film about a prostitute -LRB- Delpy -RRB- who saves the day -LRB- at least for Stoltz -RRB- after a bank robbery gone bad . If I could give this film ZERO stars , I would . Do n't waste a moment of your precious time on this garbage .
 A relatively bad movie which is helped primarily by an interesting premise and -LRB- here and there -RRB- some real style . The first half of this movie is drawn-out , poorly acted , and generally incredibly dull . The second half , once the heist begins , is circumstantially well set up and sometimes entertaining , at one or two points even a touch brilliant , but it is n't enough to counterbalance the questionable performances -LRB- save for the really mean French guy , he 's great -RRB- , the over-the-top gimmicks , the badly developed drama , and general chaotic , self-indulgent unevenness that plague the movie as a whole .
 `` Killing Zoe '' is a slow moving bank hiest gone awry film that is no where near as involving or breathtaking as Quenton Tarintino 's `` Reservoir Dogs , '' which brilliantly tackles similar material . `` Killing Zoe '' simpley lacks Tarintino 's energetic story telling abilities . It also lacks intresting characters we can relate to , complexity , and plot twists . It contains virtually no character developement and no big twists or turns in the plot . Not to mention the huge holes in logic .
 I agree with Maltin 's review completely , it was disapointing and completly average . Considering films such as `` Albino Alligator , '' `` Reservoir Dogs , '' and `` In Harm 's Way , '' `` Killing Zoe '' is nothing special or worth checking out .
 Film is a pulp fiction type . Very dull and slow in plot development . Bank robbery scene is compelling but also a tired retread . Bottom line is boredom . Not worth the time to watch . save yourself and skip this one ...
 A very weak and uninspiring bank heist film that is completely predictable from the first 5 minutes into the movie . Overdone plot about a robbery gone wrong and the safe-cracker hero who has a heart . Nothing original here except for scenes too vulgar and tasteless to show on any film except for x-rated gay films.The script is nihl and the acting less than stellar . The screenplay is littered with intentional conincidences too absurd to be credible . I frankly could have done without the grotesque heroin-induced sodomy scenes . Watch `` Heat '' instead if you want to see a great bank heist film . Do n't waste your time or money on this one , it 's a sleeper at best
 Flashy camera work does not make a good movie . This was never more evident than in Avary 's `` Killing Zoe . '' The director is obviously a talented director . As a writer , however , he ignores key elements such as character developement , plot twists , and the most important element in any hiest film
 This was a favorite movie when I was a child and was intrigued enough to buy it as a digital download ... but ... the conversion from film to digital is completely unacceptable . If owning is a must , rent first to see the low quality for yourself . If I could , I 'd love to get my $ 5 back !! Disappointing to say the least .
 I found this item when I was searching for JACK LORD . Up popped `` Smilin ' Jack '' -- a series I 've never seen -- and Jack Lord is NOT , and never was , a part of this show . There is an actress whose last name is `` Lord '' , but that 's a pretty lame excuse for this to be `` classified '' as an item relating to Jack Lord.It 's not . Buyer beware .
 After collecting serials over the years , finally , I have found the absolute worst one I ever purchased . Granted , Universal Pictures was certainly not famous for their serials ... the exceptions being
 I personally believe the series would have been better without the last season . This did n't add much to the show . If you really loved the show -LRB- and I did n't love it -RRB- then you may like this season .
 nothing about this season is similar to the old , other than the main characters and some details . its 20 years in the future , but there were also 4-5 years they dont talk about before they skipped 20 years .
 To me , this episode seems to take everything wrong with Fringe and pack it into one , plodding , tedious and at times , deeply annoying script . Walter Bishop is at his most annoying and boring . Peter and Olivia are weak and ineffective . The big reveal takes so long and , really , in the end , so little is revealed , you just want it to be over . With respect to Walter Bishop 's acid trip ? Trust me , there is nothing more boring than someone else 's acid trip . Walter 's acid trip is no exception . I think Disney should sue them for using a very recognizably disneyesque animated fairy . And then there 's the Monte Python animation sequence.Aimless , drawn out plot developments . Everything that usually makes a Fringe episode exciting or interesting is eliminated . It 's claustrophobic . Absolutely minimal forward plot movement . Forgettable dialogue . No suspense . One scene of pointless and unconvincing violence . Utter absence of interesting supportive characters . Rehash upon rehash . No new ideas - zero . Utter lack of wit or humor . And on and on . And the director seems to take delight in sapping whatever life there is in this sorry script with excruciatingly slow pacing . Everything that can be wrong with a TV episode is wrong with this one . It 's enough to make you dread the next episode . Right now , it looks like the season is going nowhere . Or the show 's creators have no idea what to do with the plot and do n't really seem to care .
 The 5th season its very good but It 's a shame that the 1 - 3th seasons have Portuguese subtitles and the others not
 If you loved seasons 1-4 , do n't ruin it by watching Fringe Season 5 . All the parts are stupid and boring .
 The qualityof the streaming video is terrible . It 's very pixelated and blurry , even in the HD setting . The show itself is interesting enough , but I would not recommend streaming it on Amazon instant video . A complete waste of money .
 On the tv it says the complete 5th season . Noticed it was only 1 episode . Had to go to two places to finally see it was only one episode . Who would pay a $ 1.99 an episode when you can go another on demand service and get all episodes for 1.99 . It was very misleading .
 Not enough episodes ! Left me with more questions than answers . Go figure . I guess that is the nature of the beast , come on ... what was it 4 or 5 episodes .
 J.J. Abrams should have quit while he was ahead . Season Four would have made a perfect series finale and would have ended what had been an amazing show on a very high note . Season Five shames the name of Fringe.SPOILER ALERT : Did you live for those episodes with the alternate universe ? Did you fall in love with the characters alter-egos ? Were you waiting with baited breath to see if David Robert Jones would actually destroy both universes ? Did you have those &#34; Ah-Hah ! &#34; moments where past events suddenly took on new meaning with each new twist in turn in the ever-developing plot?Me too.Well sorry , Fringe fans . All of that is gone in Season Five . Welcome to a dark future timeline where the observers are the bad guys and all of the Fringe characters are losing every last shred of integrity and nobility they once had . Way to kill our dreams , Abrams .
 I think the older seasons are far better than this latest one . The stories are poor and I am 4 episodes in , still not sold on the story .
 I am not sure I watched the same Season 5 most of the other reviewers are raving about !?! Dropping the alternate universe storyline and changing to an Observer War left me wondering why I had bothered following the story line so closely up to that point.I did enjoy the first couple of seasons.Can ' t say I 've been happy with the progression over the last few seasons.What started out as a great series with Olivia being hard boiled damaged goods -LRB- due to Walter 's kiddie cortexifan trials -RRB- and her deeply immersed in her FBI work , devolved into becoming a kinder gentler maternal figure & handing off the main protagonist role to Peter.IMO an unfortunate turn of events that spoiled a formula that was working.How does that saying go ? `` If it aint ' broke , do n't fix it '' . To late . Damage done.The finale had no mystery , and seemed like a cheap SciFi story retread that punctuated a season of mediocrity . The only saving grace to the finale was that Olivia was the feature character , and revisited many popular characters for a last hurrah.Add all of this to a shortened season -LRB- only 12 episodes vs the usual 22 or 23 -RRB- and this season becomes even less attractive . Of all the seasons , my least favorite.On the plus side , the special effects were of the high caliber I enjoyed over all 5 season . The reason for 2 stars , instead of 1 .
 You do not support Dolby Digital Plus for movie sound.Netflix does this . Vudu does . Your sound quality is horrible .
 The seasons leading up to this were phenomenal ... interesting , thought-provoking , everything you want in a sci-fi show . This was just sad . Everything that made it fantastic in the past definitely was lost .
 Fringe seems to be getting lost in its own storyline . getting harder to follow with interest - too many nonsensical or contradictory things/events , etc. . . and even the believability of the characters is losing something
 Very dark - think the show is now riding the shark . Wish the the powers to be would stop playing classic rock to fill holes in failing script .
 I paid for HD and got Standard Definition . Great episode , but I am not impressed with Amazon 's HD capability . If you are a fan of the show , you must see this episode ! However , I would consider another source to do so .
 Ive only seen the 1st episode of season 5 , and so far I find the whole premise just to silly . Hopefully over a few episodes it will grow on me . But as of right now Im not keen as to how they are handling the `` Observers '' For such an advanced race , they motives seem contrived and petty .
 Makes the first 4 seasons nearly irrelevant . Storylines from other seasons evaporate ... Nothing like the first four seasons . I wish we stopped watching at the end of season four . We were hoping it would pick-up the storylines from the first four seasons but it did n't .
 How sad . They turned Fringe into a dull invader story . Gone are the fantastic events that required the quirky team of Olivia , Walter , and Peter to make some incredible discovery . Walter is no longer the lovable damaged person he was , and that was 80 % of the draw of the series . I had pre-purchased a season pass but I am now canceling it . For me the series is already over .
 In the grand tradition of Lost , Fringe 's producers abandoned their core audience and went against virtually everything else they 'd carefully set up -LRB- story - and legend-wise -RRB- in the first 4 seasons to create a ridiculously sub-standard storyline , which could be subtitled `` The Search for Walter 's Tapes . '' What had been an amazingly eloquent and virile 4-year run ended with the thud of this disastrous season . Forgive me for pulling a Pam Ewing , but I 'm going to consider this entire 5th season a dream -LRB- nightmare , really -RRB- and stick with seasons 1 through 4 and never speak of this terrible calamity -LRB- and total slap to the Fringe faithful -RRB- again . BUYER BEWARE !
 I totally loved this show in the first two seasons ... then I sloughed through BORING season 3 ... got better in season 4 , and I started dreading the end of the show this season . The season started out a little boring , but it got better quickly . I put off watching the last 2 episodes because I was dreading the fact that it was going to be over . I waited so long that I was able to watch the last 2 episodes back-to-back , fortunately ! The 2nd to last ep . was amazing , and the last one started out that way , too . But - and I wo n't give anything away , it ended VERY badly . Too many shows end badly , but generally it 's because they did n't know they were going to end . THIS show knew it was ending , and they could have done a much better job of it for sure . IMHO , the last episode ruined the show for me . It was so disappointing that now I do n't even care that the show ended , and that is just sad . It 's better for shows to go out on a high note so that people will miss the show , not be happy it 's over . Shoot .
 The worst thing about this moving is that 80 percent of it is REALLY good -LRB- worth 4-5 stars -RRB- . Great performances from Michael Madsen , Michael Rooker , Tom Wright . Every actor pretty much gives the the movie his/her best effort ... except Corey Large and Shannyn Sossamon.Large and Sossamon are awful . THESE WERE THE BEST PEOPLE AT THE AUDITION ? The producers should have advertised the auditions better . They drag the movie down to 2 stars . Sossamon was given hollow , awkward , and mostly unemotional lines and she 's going to do her best to make them sound hollow , awkward , and unemotional.Large 's character is a little more developed ... although after watching the movie , you wish he had n't been . Every moment with Large speaking is another moment of your life you 'll never get back . Large walks through most of the movie wearing a tie with his shirt untucked ... I guess because the writers think that 's cool ? He just looks like a douche . Even the `` unexpected twist '' at the end which may explain some of his idiosyncracies does n't save his character . It just makes you want to punch yourself in the face for sitting through the whole movie.The movie really comes into its own in the apartment scene with Large visiting Sossamon . It 's clear that neither really knows what to do next . Without other actors in the scene giving them cues , they just stand there staring at each other . Or maybe that 's what the director told them to do . The whole thing just left me with the weirdest feeling that I was seeing the setup for a porno .
 Slow , confusing and some bad acting . Why was the girl in the movie except for her see through shirt with nothing to see . I did not understand the ending . He did not shoot the `` man in the chair '' and all the flashbacks suggusting he did seems weak . Did his partner stange a hanging somehow with the main bad guy locked up ? How did he get away ? I am sorry I did not get it . I even forgot most of the names .
 This is a movie about how to smoke and look cool when u do . Almost every seen of this movie , Michael Madsen is either taking a drag out of his cigarette , or he 's lighting up a cigarette .
 This is n't a movie , it 's a TNT movie . It 's ninety-nine percent `` Xena
 I study Amazons in both the ancient world and in modern incarnations of the legends . You have to watch this movie without expectation of historical anything -- within two minutes I could hear how badly it would destroy anything vaguely historical . There is a plot and it does circle back to the beginning and reach a conclusion to the opening conflicts but the points between are rather weak . It has a soft-porn quaity to it -- lots of breasts and female bum , very little male nudity , the sex is all distant and softly lit . Ultimately it feels like someone had an interesting idea , some productors messed with it and got their sex buddies jobs in it , and the result is something not really worth you dollars .
 I was exctied to see this movie . I 'm a great fan of the tv show , Xena -LRB- and the Amazons in it -RRB- so I thought this would be sort of like it . It was but the Amazons in this movie were no where as fierce or interesting . The acting at the beginning of the movie was horrendously aweful . We 've got young Serena -LRB- the main character -RRB- trying to attack her sister 's boyfriend and throwing knifes at a wall . Then the Romans come and kill most of her family and then she has to save her mother but her mother dies . It would have been heartbreaking and dramatic but it was n't . The acting was totally unconvincing . Later , I watched Gladiator and realized how this move follows the story line of that move very closely . Both Serena and Maximus -LRB- guy in Gladiator -RRB- get there families killed by Romans and get sold as slaves . Then they are made to be gladiators and have to kill people and at the time , trying to kill some Roman emperor . The only difference is that Serena got to be the Amazons for a while . Anyway , I gave this movie a two because I like action movies that take place back in Ancient Greece \ Roman times Also , the older Serena and the other cast were fine actors \ actresses . The fighting was okay and it was interesting enough to keep me watching . This is a movie that should be rented other than bought .
 It 's the toothpaste 's fault , really ! On a short visit to the local ` Drugs-B-Us ' store to replenish the toothpaste supply , I got lost again . This happens every time I enter a retail store of any kind . The vast & myriad possibilities of unbridled , rampant consumerism stun my sensibilities into quivering jelly in the same manner I would imagine a TASER does , and within a few seconds I found myself wandering down the DVD movie rack.Spotting ` AMAZONS & GLADIATORS ' , and noting the discounted $ 5.00 price , I immediately knew that it would be as cheap a way of wasting 90 minutes as any one could spend , glued to the Hungry Eye . I am happy to report , my initial surmise was spot on.This is indeed a DVD penny-dreadful . My first impression was how dreadfully clean all the costumes were . Every roman plebe 's garments looked exactly as if they had just been freshly machine-made in Bengladesh from cheap polyester . Second impression was how dreadfully clean and tidy all the characters were -- fresh scrubbed , rosy cheeked , perfect orthodonture , nicely styled hair , etc. . The S&M styled leather gear was right out of ` Xena
 This movie is O.K. , beautiful girls , dastardly villains , good versus evil , fight for womens rights and against abuse/slavery , etc. . A couple of fine fight scenes and the heroine is n't allmighty . All good points.But -LRB- there 's always a but -RRB- , some poor interpretations damage the film ; I 'm not an historical purist , but enough is enough ... in 60 A.D. Caesar and Brutus ! Marcus Crassius hero of the punic wars -LRB- the last one ended on 146 B.C. -RRB- , captured Spartacus -LRB- 71 B.C. -RRB- and is `` now '' governor of some far away province -LRB- 60 A.D. -RRB- !!!! Is he a Vampire?or some kind of immortal ?? There are so many persons and events in Roman history that those blunders should n't happen . Look I 'm not discussing vests , weapons and armor or even the idea of Amazons in the 1st century , only that minimal knowledge is required to make an historical action movie ... Amazons and Gladiators could very well have the evil Hurzegtikastishan empire fighting the jokastinoras tribe of freedom fighters as background ... the rome/romans of this film are as real as the Hurzegtikastishan.Well , watch the movie but do n't expect to learn anything historical ... except the look of Roman Spears -LRB- Pilum -RRB- , they are very good reconstructions . I give two stars because when I forgot about the anachronisms and mistakes , I enjoyed the show .
 The film starts with music that suggests the 1940s . We see `` Sing Sing Prison '' and the witnesses to an execution . This is the story about a con man who romanced lonely women to swindle them out of their money and illusions . -LSB- Does that white suit seem out of place ? -RSB- Is that language realistic ? The situations seem to be deliberately shocking , which distracts from the story . One detective chooses to look into the suicide of a girl . The scenes are staged to stay in the 1940s . -LSB- Note the story to explain Ray 's history during the war . Beware of self-serving statements ! -RSB- The story seems to drag because of the emphasis on shocking the viewers . The shifting of scenes is also distracting.The police investigation finds other victims that match the pattern . A daughter from Albany has a complaint . A patrolman remembers an incident , the records provide an identification . The detectives find the postal box , then trace it to an address . Blood soaked into the floorboards ! They just missed them ! -LSB- Who tipped them off ? -RSB- The detective continues his search , he knows Ray Fernandez will strike again . And he does . Twice . Ray is traced to Michigan . Are their actions believable ? The police arrive to capture them alive . They find the bodies . Martha Beck makes a statement , they are extradited back to New York for the murders . Guilty . The final scene shows their ending . `` So long . '' -LSB- You can research this true crime for more information . -RSB- There is a long list of credits at the end . This is based on a true crime from the 1940s . I wonder how much was changed for dramatic effect ? A better script and direction would make a better story . They took special care to imitate the clothes and cars of that era , but that money could have been spent on a better script . There is no need for the settings when things like that go on today . Was this film designed as an argument for capital punishment ? There is one glaring sin of omission
 SPOILER ALERT ! This could have been a gritty , realistic crime drama on par with Monster . But , instead , it looks like a Salma Hayek vehicle , with cutesy-poo Jared Leto tagging along to please the girlies . John Travolta is so low-key he seems bored , and James Gandolfini is little more than a sidekick sounding board . Laura Dern comes off as a stooped , too-skinny spinster , the very kind of female Leto might pursue . Travolta 's treatment of her appears itself shortshrift as he sneaks into her dad 's house and beds her in his dress shirt . Was the director reluctant to allow a flash of the star 's plump arms and chest ? No doubt fat was verboten in this flick . Hayek 's character is based on a woman purportedly too broad to squeeze into the electric chair . -LRB- She supposedly sat on the arms -RRB- . Okay , so no one designated this film a docudrama . But it 's simply not credible that a con man would go around with a drop-dead-gorgeous gal in tow , trying to pass her off as his old-maid sister . There would be too much danger that the marks would smell a rat . A beautiful woman attracts too much attention , especially in the provocative attire Hayek often wears . Men would pursue her right to the victims ' doors . Cool , all-American Leto himself , with his baby face and big blue eyes , is too good-looking to convince most women he needs a lonely-hearts column to meet a prospective partner . Had he come across as a shy , awkward foreigner -LRB- which the real killer may have -RRB- he would have been more believable . The only attempt to make him less attractive was shaving part of his hair , which on the crown is done so unrealistically that it resembles a Franciscan monk 's hairdo rather than natural balding . And , of course , Travolta 's wig is no tonsorial work of wizardry either.Like the Black Dahlia , this film is a failure . There is a profound lack of suspense as the plot plods onward . Women are fleeced off-stage as Hayek wiggles by in a skin-tight dress . There 's little motivation or build-up as she and Leto shoot and bludgeon . One of the blandest scenes is one in which she plops into a highway patrolman 's car and , with barely a word , sinks her face into his lap . There 's no discussion , no resistance , apparently no concern on the cop 's part that she might go for his gun , stab , or even bite him , or that Leto , parked ahead , might try to attack him off-guard . The policeman does n't appear to grope her in return . He does n't smile . He looks more like a man emptying an overfull bladder . About the only character who exhibits any passion about anything is Scott Caan , who in evident fits of short man 's syndrome , screams out obscenities . In the forties , shouting the F-word in mixed-gender police stations was probably not permissable , but in this film , no one even blinks . Time is wasted on insignificant chatter between Travolta , Dern , and Dan Byrd , who plays the former 's son . And then there 's the obligatory ai n't - execution-awful scene with Leto carried struggling to the chair , where he spasms , smokes , and slobbers . Though it 's said the two killers were electrocuted side by side , viewers are spared the death throes of the composed and perfectly coiffed Hayek . The audience should have been spared the whole sordid affair .
 Lonely Hearts chronicles the true story of the rise and fall of Raymond Fernandez and Martha Beck , serial killers , who were responsible for a series of gruesome murders beginning in 1949 on Long Island . Fernandez initially started as a solo act , conning widows and love-starved lonely hearts out of their life savings . After he met up with Beck -LRB- in real life unattractive and overweight but here played by the attractive Salma Hayek -RRB- , the pair then turned to murder while plying their nefarious trade.The film was written and directed by Todd Robinson , who happens to be the grandson of Detective Elmer Robinson , the lead detective who basically was responsible for tracking the two psychopaths down and bringing them to justice . Robinson is played by a grim-faced John Travolta who attempts to convey the detective 's working class persona . James Gandolfini plays Charles Hildebrandt , Robinson 's detective sidekick who is the film 's narrator -LRB- a more skilled screenwriter could possibly have dispensed with the narration and conveyed important information on a visual level -RRB- . The main problem with the film 's narrative is that we 're a captive audience as the two intrepid detectives proceed very slowly in trying to establish that it 's Fernandez and Beck who are responsible for the murders they are investigating . While the investigation may have proceeded at a snail 's pace in real life , it does n't make for good drama . A good deal of judicious editing could have improved this film quite a bit . What 's more , Robinson and Hildebrandt are pitted against another team of detectives who are unethical and the ` good cop-bad cop ' clashes between the two pairs are full of clich&eacute;s -LRB- a scene involving a discussion about Jackie Robinson inside the squad room , tinged with racial overtones , appears clearly anachronistic -RRB- . Detective Robinson 's troubled personal life constitutes the film 's `` B '' Story . We learn that his wife had committed suicide prior to working on the Fernandez-Beck case but we never find out why she did it . Travolta does n't have much to do except almost coming to blows with his superiors and colleagues whenever the subject of his late wife is brought to the fore . Laura Dern plays Robinson 's girlfriend but that relationship does n't seem to go anywhere during the film . Gandolfini is unable to jettison his Tony Soprano persona despite playing a character on the other side of the law.The rest of the film deals with the relationship between Fernandez -LRB- played by Jared Leto -RRB- and Hayek 's Beck . There are n't a great deal of twists and turns as the killers dispose of one victim after another . Hayek plays Beck as over the top and the director seems obsessed with emphasizing her penchant for oral sex . Leto 's Fernandez is pretty much one note as we get it early on that he 's a passive-aggressive personality , obeying the orders of his Svengali-like lover.There 's a great deal of attention paid to period detail in this film and it seems more attention was paid to the set design than on the script itself . Lonely Hearts was a failure at the box office and it 's pretty clear that early word of mouth had to be pretty negative . It might have been a mistake on the part of the film 's producers to have hired the grandson of the film 's protagonist to write and direct as he was probably too close to the material to be objective about it . His grandfather 's personal life did not turn out to be very engaging the way he told it.The subject of Lonely Hearts was already done years ago in a much more successful film entitled `` The Honeymoon Killers '' . One wonders if there was anything really more to say about this subject matter . With the glut of screenplays out there for producers to pick from , I 'm wondering how and why Lonely Hearts actually got made . One thing is for sure
 Based on the true story of a serial killer couple , `` Lonely Hearts '' sometimes feels more like a parody of a 1940 's film noir drama than a film noir drama itself . This is particularly disappointing given the high-octane rating of its cast which includes John Travolta , James Gandolfini , Salma Hayek , Laura Dern and Jared Leto among others.Travolta and Gandolfini play two homicide detectives hot on the trail of Raymond Fernandez and Martha Beck -LRB- Leto and Hayek -RRB- , two psychopaths who , posing as a lovesick Lothario and his spinster sister , bilk money out of lonely women who post pen pal want ads in papers around the nation . After one of the women turns up dead in her bathtub -LRB- seemingly a suicide -RRB- , the two investigators discover that these individuals may have cut a much more impressive swath of death across the country than originally suspected.Written and directed by Todd Robinson , `` Lonely Hearts '' is a second-rate detective drama that , at most , gives viewers the chance to watch a bunch of A-list level actors play dress-up for close to two hours . Everybody looks dashing in their fedoras and high heels , but beyond that there is little of substance here to engage either the interest or the imagination of the audience . The screenplay lines up the usual array of film noir stereotypes , including the brooding detective , the wisecracking cynic , the nettlesome jokester , the virtuous woman , the heartless female fatale , and the henpecked petty criminal . Moreover , the arch dialogue and over-earnest acting on the part of Travolta and Gandolfini add to the decidedly faux-noir feeling.The relationship between the psychopathic lovebirds is so much more complex and intriguing than anything else in the movie that every time we cut to the investigation -LRB- which takes up a goodly portion of the film -RRB- the story pretty much stops dead in its tracks . However , the killers leave so many clues and dead bodies in their wake that it 's amazing it takes the authorities as long as it does to finally track them down.There 's admittedly a certain poignancy that creeps into the closing stretches of the story , but it really is n't enough to rescue the fine actors or the movie itself from the overall taint of mediocrity .
 Why are there so many decent names in this movie ? Do n't let the casting fool you . Two stars because I watched it all the way through.The movie just drags along . It 's a crime drama that takes place 50 's . The premise is n't all that bad , but the story/plot and execution thereof sure are.Don ' t waste your time or your money and if you really want to watch it , certainly , what ever you do do n't buy it .
 Thirty minutes into the film , we started skipping chapters . Then we ejected the disc and watched a documentary about intelligent design .
 Like DePalma 's crapola royale `` Black Dahlia '' , LH suffers from too much gloss and not enough story . Every minute I spent with this tripe made me appreciate `` The Honeymoon Killers '' that much more .
 This movie had great potential , but was lost by bad acting by John Travolta . He was wooden , stiff and his fake hair piece was so lame . The editing was bad , too . All the other actors did o.k.
 this movie first off , wasnt released in 2007 , it was released in 1974 , second , its also called `` peopletoys '' and `` the horrible house on the hill '' when i first went to watch it , i thought amazon messed up and put a completely different movie under this name ... the movie itself ... less then adequate
 Agree with the first post . What caught my eye was `` Sorrell Brooke '' who played BOSS HOGG on the Dukes of Hazard and died in 1994 .
 Terribly written & acted , even my kids thought it was ludicrous . There is such a dirth of good movies for pre-teens , but here are a few of our recommendations
 In this extremely light weight tween film , four girls gather to solve the mystery of sick kids appearing randomly at their private school campus . The title is actually perfect
 I recently bought this movie after reading the reviews on Amazon but I ended up being disappointed ... despite Chicken Man 's best efforts . My main grumble is the inactivity of Sgt. Stedanko . All he does in this movie is smoke pot , mumble aimlessly and then turn into a lizard !! Things are much better when he 's clear-headed and on the case . There are some redeeming moments in the film , namely the mental asylum scenes -LRB- where we meet Chicken Man -RRB- and also the Chinese restaurant madness ... oh -LRB- ... -RRB- However , the rest of the movie just ambles along . I think the only funny moment in the first half of the movie is when we see a lizard smoking pot . In fact I think Mr Chong was suffering from a strange fascination with these reptiles and unfortunately lost all focus on making a good movie . OK man .
 This is the third Cheech and Chong film , coming after Up in Smoke -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and Cheech and Chong 's Next Movie -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . The films are a series in the traditional way -- characters continue , and there is something of a linear development per the films ' chronologies of the characters , but as with the plot of this film in isolation , the threads holding it all together are pretty thin.In Nice Dreams , Cheech and Chong are selling dope from a barely disguised ice cream truck . They may have struck it rich by this point , or maybe Cheech just does n't know how to read numbers very well . At any rate , they do not seem to be hurting for money -- they have a bag of it , after all , which they have to pursue later in the film -- and somehow , they 're living in a very expensive , big house on the beach outside of Los Angeles , although it seems that maybe they 're just crashing at a friend of a friend 's place while he 's away -LRB- he 's a musician on tour -RRB- . A lot of it is pretty unclear , because the last thing that Cheech and Chong as writers and director -LRB- only Chong in the latter case -RRB- are concerned with is telling anything like a traditional story . Instead , it seems like maybe they were high while they wrote and filmed this . That 's usually meant as a negative -- the idea is to denote how little sense the work makes , or how little coherence it has . I do n't mean it that way here . I do n't mean it as a knock , necessarily . I mean it literally , and consequently to underscore a kind of stream-of-consciousness , absurdist and surreal flow . Those can all be very positive qualities , as they are occasionally here . But maybe Cheech and Chong were just looking for the easiest way to string together a number of sketch ideas , and not enough sketch ideas , because some of them are drawn out or reprised past their freshness date . And that probably goes for the whole premise of Cheech and the Man -LRB- Chong -RRB- selling dope and getting into wacky situations while being pursued by Sgt. Stedanko -LRB- Stacy Keach -RRB- . Nice Dreams feels too much like Cheech and Chong are just coasting -- vamping while waiting for the next soloist to start . Although I love experimentation as much as anyone else , this is a film that would have benefited from a stronger focus on telling a story in a traditional way . I do n't always think that something different is better just because it 's different.So this is definitely a step down from the first two films , although there are more than enough funny moments to keep a fan of the first two films mildly entertained , and most of the supporting actors , including the returning ones , are enjoyable and had even more potential . Some skits -LRB- that word fits here better than `` scenes '' -RRB- , like the crazy house and the fiasco at Donna 's apartment , and even the `` Save the Whales '' song , are as good as most of the material in the first two films . But overall , it just seems like their hearts , and maybe their heads , were n't as much into making a film time around .
 This DVD has not been recorded loud enough .
 `` Nice Dreams '' is nowhere near as funny as `` Up in Smoke '' or `` Next Movie '' . The jokes are lame , the situations have already been done , and C&C look like they 're going thru the motions . I laughed twice throughout the whole movie !
 Worse than C&C : Next Movie , the gags are getting old and there is little real comedy in this movie ... . unless of course you blow your brains out with as much cannabis as you can handle . DO N'T DO THIS ! Find another movie .
 I was introduced to Brer Rabbit via Uncle Remus ' stories in Song of the South . This DVD does not remotely come close to the stories told by the lovable Uncle Remus . They are watered down political correct inaccurate bla bla mindless pap . Uncle Remus ' original stories had substance and wisdom I did n't find in this DVD .
 In light of all the controversy surrounding Disney 's `` Song of the South '' , this version of Uncle Remus tales only deepens the controversy . As far as pleasing legal experts who get tense around civil rights issues , this movie is tremendous - as far as artistic expression , it 's plain awful . As one reviewer noticed , the animation is decent ; but the story and character development are horrendous - to plop a child in front of this garbage would be detrimental to their developmental growth.On the other hand you have Disney 's work of art locked up somewhere because it hints at the days of Southern utopia between Master and Servant . I understand this can be offensive , but this was not the aim of the Disney company , only an inevitable subtlety that must be conveyed in order to tell the story . Someone who would be convinced of bringing back the `` glory days of the south '' after watching this movie clearly missed the point of the film - and probably needs psychologcial evaluation.Finally I want to point out that this film 's `` decent animation '' was a product of some Asian country . That is , this culturally American film could not be animated by it 's countrymen because of the expense . So the guys at Universal used the money that should have been put into production to pay for the name recognition of the voice `` talents '' . I only hope this is n't evidence of where art is headed in this country .
 My father had asked me for The Adventures of Brer Rabbit for christmas . He wanted the original version . I thought that is what I had ordered since it said classic on the order page . I did not see where Wayne Brady was located on the cover . I simply did not pay attention . If I would have I would have known that this piece of crap was not the original . My dad hates it . He wanted it to share with his grandson . He simply removed it from the dvd player and put it in the closet . When I had made the order I only saw the title and it said classic , so I bought it . Boy was that the wrong mve ...
 This `` remake '' is garbage.I had a book , as a child that was titled `` Adventures of Brer Rabbit '' and this `` remake '' DVD is not even close to what the real story is supposed to be.This is one of Disney 's worst dvd releases ever made . They should be forced to re-title this dvd so that people do not accidentally buy this trash .
 ONE STAR is for the poor transfer . Take my word for it - buying this so called `` remastered '' classic film is a waste of money . I opted for this more expensive edition thinking I 'd get a decent print . Instead , it was of such poor quality - constantly breaking up , and at time completely stopping , I gave up watching . An old copy I have from TV is far superior.Amazon should be ashamed they listed this item for sale.Go for the cheaper version - I doubt it could be worse .
 The quality of this dvd is marginal . The voices and lips do n't match up for the first part of the movie which is very annoying but then they come together . There are several times when the dvd stopped but would resume on it 's own . I know it 's an old movie but if I paid more than $ 5.00 for it -LRB- which I did -RRB- , it was too much .
 `` Beat the Devil , '' a 1953 release , is a 173 minute action/adventure/comedy , with a very distinguished list of talent before and behind the camera . It was produced by its principal star , Humphrey Bogart , -LRB- Casablanca , The Maltese Falcon -RRB- . He was , of course , the American actor and cultural icon ; in 1997 , Entertainment Weekly magazine named him the number one movie legend of all time . In 1999 , the American Film Institute ranked him as the greatest male star . The picture was quite popular at the time of its release ; it was considered a witty , dry-humored spoof of the caper films that were then in vogue . But its popularity has slipped somewhat , and , oddly enough , according to the Internet , it was allowed to fall into the public domain . And that , I guess , accounts for its many inferior quality DVD releases out there , with muddy picture and sound . The version I saw comes with another film on a disk that can be bought amazingly cheaply at various places . And , criminally enough , it comes without subtitles , for a film once noted for its witty script.A quartet of international crooks - Peterson -LRB- popular British comic actor Robert Morley , Murder at the Gallop -RRB- , O'Hara -LRB- Peter Lorre , CASABLANCA , THE MALTESE FALCON -RRB- , Major Jack Ross -LRB- Ivor Bernard -RRB- and Ravello -- is stranded in Italy while their ocean-going steamer is being repaired . The Dannreuthers . Billy -LRB- played by Bogie -RRB- , and Maria -LRB- played by Italian beauty Gina Lollobrigida , Buona Sera , Mrs. Campbell -RRB- , meet them at a shabby Italian port . The six are headed for Africa , supposedly to sell vacuum cleaners but actually to buy land rumored to be loaded with uranium . They are joined in the port by another , British couple also waiting for the ship , the Chelms . Gwendolen is a constantly irritating confirmed liar who also blurts out the truth at inconvenient moments . She is played by the Oscar-winning Jennifer Jones , -LRB- The Song of Bernadette -RRB- , who looks odd as a blond . And Harry . Later on , in Africa , Scotland Yard Inspector Jack Clayton , sent out to the Dark Continent to track down something else entirely , accidentally trips over the gangster foursome . He 's played by Bernard Lee -LRB- `` M '' in the earlier James Bond movies -RRB- , who apparently despaired of playing a steady diet of cops and the like . Most of the film 's other stars play out their accustomed stereotypes as well , with Lorre as a nervous little illegal alien type ; Morley as the pompous , blustering Englishman , Lollobrigida as the gorgeous Italian -LRB- what a reach -RRB- . Though Bogart is surely too old , and wearing his pants too high , to be a sex symbol in this one.For the life of me , I do n't know why Bogart would have paid to do exteriors on location in Italy , and then filmed in black and white , but he did . There are other oddities . I do n't quite get the way the two married couples flirted with each others ' spouses
 I do n't know what they consinder remastering but the image quality is very poor . Not only that but the disk began skipping half way through the film and never stopped . I would consider the other version .
 Not a very well written movie . although the storyline is plausable , the details seem thrown together as filler . A Good looking couple though -LRB- initially -RRB- .
 Only a movie for those that are gluttons for punishment . It starts out bad , gets worse , and then gets painfully bad . The only reason I got through it was because I was playing Batman
 This was my first experience purchasing a `` video on demand '' disc from Amazon and may very well be my last . The movie skipped several times and froze once in a way that was obviously due to degradation in the source file and not the disc itself . It was pressed on to a cheap purple DVD-R with the same poster image used for both the disc and also heavily stretched out to fill the case cover . No extra anything , not even subtitles.The film itself had potential -LRB- solid acting , concept , lighting -RRB- but fell short in a couple of categories . Mainly the camerawork was terrible . Nearly every shot was a static bust of whomever was speaking at the time - dynamic camera moves can be counted on one hand . Add to this that the movie was all talk and you are stuck watching people converse for the whole picture . Any time action is due to occur the viewer is detoured to a flashback or jump cut . Casting was restricted to the point that only one scene has more than two people in it . A critical court scene is handled by showing the exterior of a courthouse -LRB- the Supreme Court , no less , where divorces are never handled -RRB- . Costuming appears to have been handled by Ross Dress for Less.So unless you really like watching people argue endlessly , avoid this one .
 Charles Bronson has done a remake of The Gauntlet here in Love and Bullets . Same old storyline tough cop exidrites a female prisoner brings her back so she can testify against the mob . But the Gauntlet was more satifying than this . I am sorry to say that because i 'm a big fan of Charles Bronson , but i 'm afraid ol charlie missed the mark here quite a bit . The only thing remarkable in this film is the breathtaking swiss alps scenery . And as for Rod Steiger has got to be the most pathetic villain in film history , a stutering mafiso in love with his mistress . Even the greats like Charles Bronson can make bad chocies at times and appearing in this terrible , boring film is one of those times .
 Bland thriller in which Charles Bronson must deliver gangster 's moll Jill Ireland to police while assassins trail them all the way by boat , train and plane . There 's little suspense in Wendell Mayes ' script -LRB- he also wrote DEATH WISH 1 -RRB- but attractive scenic photography makes up for the movies lulls . This lumbering film is basically just an excuse for Ireland to change wigs every ten minutes , her Southern belle accent is also particularly annoying . Does she end up taking a bullet ? Could there be a merciful higher being in existance to save us from her dreadful performance ? If you 're curious
 It seems that most of the B westerns of the thirties were full of bad acting with weak sound.Even the old John Wayne films of the era were of poor quality.But this story would have made a good paperback read.The movie was full of poor acting with the actors appearing to be reading the lines at times.But in 1939 I would have had a great afternoon at the theater with everyone else .
 I just can see no way that the acting could be any worse . I have seen better performances on a grade school stage . Wow ... just Wow . How horrible . I wish that I could give this negative stars -LRB- and even then that would be too much -RRB- .
 Soderbergh attempts -LRB- and fails -RRB- to make a film noir from the 1940 's . He 's certainly got the look at hand . He uses melodramatic music , wipes for transitions , black and white film , and even the use of rear screen projection -LRB- one of old Hollywood 's worst tendencies -RRB- . It 's even shot in 1.33:1 . But there 's no soul at all to this film , and honestly , it 's a real waste of effort . If you 're going to emulate old Hollywood , concentrate on the substance , not the style . Many of the films that Soderbergh is attempting to `` cover '' -LRB- The Third Man , Casablanca -RRB- are overflowing with intelligent dialogue and substance . This film has none of it . Even the black and white film looks too washed out -LRB- I suspect it was shot on color stock and printed in black and white -RRB- . Real black and white film stock has much more depth to it . The film feels like a wasted stunt , similar to Soderbergh -LRB- and Clooney 's -RRB- disasterous remake attempt of Solairs a few years before this.In other words , not a very good film . Not worth watching at all .
 O ! my . So many allusions and so little point . And despite its surface sheen and highly affected , postmod technical slips this film will undoubtedly be found as but a paragraph in the still early chapters of the 1,000 Volume Edition of `` Style
 What a disappointment this movie was ... from the gratuitous sex scene with Spiderman to the perjured Casablanca type ending . Almost made me sick . Worst World War II movie I ever saw . This had such potential and they really blew it .
 Steven Soderbergh 's `` Homage '' to black-and-white movies is interesting , in that it has an intriguing plot which unfortunately gets muddled in the middle and ultimately goes nowhere . Also , it was very dirty for a black-and-white movie . Sex , nudity , language and graphic violence are thrown in to make this movie appealing for a modern audience . What a stupid ploy to cater to the degenerate tastes of filmgoers . Try watching `` Casablanca , '' `` Double Indemnity , '' `` King Kong '' or any film made in the 1930 's , 1940 's or 1950 's to see how black-and-white movies were made and what they 're about . Very good plots ... and NO sex , nudity , language or graphic violence . -LRB- And all these movies made money too ... and some even were nominated for , and sometimes won , Academy Awards ; and people still watch these beautiful movies nowadays -RRB- . Do n't waste your time with this movie . `` A good cast does not a good movie make . '' All too true with `` Scarface '' and this movie . Rated R , but it should not have been made in the first place .
 I have to say Steven Soderberg is maybe not a great director , but he is certainly balsy . This guy takes some really really bold chances with his directorial choices . Beginning with Sex , Lies & Videotape , he has taken some other unorthodox approaches like KAFKA , TRAFFIC , FULL FRONTAL , BUBBLE & now , the GOOD GERMAN.With the GOOD GERMAN , he chooses to mimic the style of the 40s and 50s . Full Frame . Black and white . Casablanca . Alfred Hitchcock 's Foreign Correspondent . Stage sets . Dialogue delivery dramatic & brooding . An ending sequence that was ripped straight from a Hitchcock film with the chase through a crowd of people , with the speed slightly cranked and the tension manipulated.His duplication of the films of the 40s & 50s was well done , but he also chooses to give us something that the movies of the 40s & 50s did n't have
 I know director Steven Soderbergh likes experimental films , but I never imagined he would do this . In `` The Good German '' you will see a film noir starring George Clooney , Cate Blanchett and Tobey Mcguire in a complicated story of crimes and intrigues set in the ruined city of post-war Berlin in 1945 , divided into sectors by the Allies , just like Vienna in `` The Third Man . '' `` The Good German '' is shot exactly the same way as old films of 1940s - editing , camera angles , lighting , plus even title backs and acting style . So Thomas Newman 's score , which deservedly nominated for Oscar , is just impressive in more than one way.Yes , the results impressed me pretty much at first , and soon bored me because of the lack of emotions . All actors look fine in the meticulously re-created images of old Hollywood films , especially cast-against-type Clooney as military journalist who stumbles upon murder mystery and ever-fantastic Blanchett as mysterious lady with a Dietrich-like accent . The film sometimes uses strongly sexual and violent actions and languages as if trying to remind us that this is not just a copy of old film.But the film 's real problem lies behind the styles . When the film attempts to be thrilling or romantic with the convoluted plot , it becomes painfully clear that there is nothing truly interesting here . The film keeps unraveling layers of mysteries without stirring any emotions within us . You do n't see the chemistry of Bogart and Bergman , without which the story fails to be engaging.I do n't know anything about the source novel . I only imagine that it is much better than this adaptation , which borrows one scene from `` Casablanca '' while it does not need to do so . The scene may be a pastiche ; or it may be that Soderbergh meant it for real . Whichever it is , I still do n't see the point of shooting an entire feature film in this way while it is devoid of any suspense or romance .
 Steven Soderbergh loves to pay homage . In fact , -LRB- Mr. Tarantino aside -RRB- , he probably holds the record for dropping more cinema buff-centric references per film than any other director . In his most recent film , `` The Good German '' -LRB- filmed in B&W ;-RRB- , he may have allowed this tendency lead him too deeply into `` style over substance '' territory.The story is set in immediate post-war Berlin , with the backdrop of the uneasy alliance and growing mistrust between the occupying U.S. and Russian military forces . Captain Jacob Geismer -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- is an American military correspondent who has been assigned to cover the Potsdam Conference . His G.I. driver , Tully -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- is a slick wheeler-dealer -LRB- reminiscent of James Garner 's character in `` The Americanization of Emily '' -RRB- who `` procures '' everything from sundries to women and has a German girlfriend named Lena Brandt -LRB- a barely recognizable Cate Blanchett , dutifully delivering all her lines in a husky Marlene Dietrich drone -RRB- . Imagine Capt. Geismer 's surprise when Tully introduces him to said girlfriend , and she happens to be an old lover of his.To say much more about the narrative would risk revealing spoilers , so suffice it to say that Lena , a Woman with a Dark Secret , soon becomes the central figure in a murder mystery , with the hapless Geismer drawn into the thick of it.Unfortunately , despite a certain amount of suspense in the first act , the story becomes increasingly convoluted and curiously uninvolving . Blanchett 's performance feels a bit phoned-in , and I would n't call it Clooney 's best work either . Now , it is possible that Soderbergh is SO obsessed with aping the feel of a film noir-ish , black and white late-40 's war thriller , that he may have directed his actors to mimic the semi-wooden , melodramatic acting style that informed many of those films . -LRB- Even the DVD transfer appears to be in tune with the affectation ; as it is matted in full frame 1.33:1 aspect ratio -RRB- . The cinematography is a bit overexposed and `` washed out '' , although I can see that Soderbergh is making an admirable attempt to mimic the chiaroscuro look of a certain classic Carol Reed film -LRB- I am sure I am not the first person to draw comparisons to `` The Third Man '' -RRB- . There are also some other obvious touchstones here , like Hitchcock 's WW2 thrillers `` Notorious -LRB- DVD -RRB- '' and -LRB- especially -RRB- `` Foreign Correspondent '' . At the end of the day , however , if I really want to see something that reminds me of `` The Third Man '' or `` Foreign Correspondent '' , I think if I had my druthers , I would just as soon pull out my copy of ... er , `` The Third Man '' or `` Foreign Correspondent '' , if you know what I am saying . `` The Good German '' sure looks pretty , but feels pretty ... empty .
 It 's beautifully filmed . Cate Blanchette in B&W ; , filmed in profile , is classic . Aside from that , the film is a horror . Wooden acting . One-dimensional characters . Boring and predictable plot . Utterly unbelievable story -LRB- Jewish woman married to S.S. man and NOT sent to the camps ?! Uh-huh ... Whatever ... -RRB- . Toby Macguire trying to be threatening is just toooo comical , as are the numerous scenes where George Clooney gets the heck beaten out of him.As someone fascinated by the era in which this film is ostensibly set , I was too disappointed for words by how rotten this movie was . You 'd think that a story like this would have at least a little bit of emotional impact , or would be somewhat interesting , or would maybe at worst be suspenseful fluff , but this movie really had nothing to recommend it except for being pretty to look at . It might be better as an art exibit , viewed with the sound turned off , purely for visual effect .
 This is one of the worst post world war II noir movies I have ever seen . It is a cheap imitation of the classics such as Casablanca or Judgement at Neuorenberg . Apart from Kate Blanchate , all the major actors especially George Clooney did a very inferior and non convincing job portraing the key character . The theme of this film as with the majority of todays Hollywood movies is a message of anti-US sentiment . Furhtermore the director of this movie did a very poor job of the interplay between real post war Germany film footage and the actual movie itself .
 ... or was this badly re-invented tripe the best that Soderbergh could do with Kanon 's novel ? Lena , the female lead of book/film - rape victim and NOT a prostitute - is converted from a war weary , emotionally vulnerable yet stable and admirable lead into a vague , emotionally dull , unstable Gestapo informant by way of Marlene Dietrich impersonator . Tully , the character about whom little is known yet all action centers around , is turned into a noir caricature , who is entirely unsympathetic and loathsome . Jake , the central character and lead , is -LRB- in the novel -RRB- always a step and thought ahead of the other characters and of the action ; in the novel , he seems to be the last person in the know.Noir as a genre can and should be explored in modern cinema , but all this film seems to show is how bad parody and caricature can make even the most incidental wartime story appear . Cinematography aside -LRB- which was the only thing commented on favorably by the majority of critics -RRB- , this was the second worst Soderbergh film I 've sat through . It may be time for SS to temporarily , or perhaps permanently , disassociate himself from Clooney .
 They must have thought this was great in the studio producers ' suite when they saw the bleached , scratchy , black and white film and the big name ` stars ' hamming it up for all they 're worth in a ` film noir ' wartime thriller . Another artistic intelligent classic , eh , guys ... one for the Oscars!But when you watch it and you realise the only thing going for this dreary and stultifyingly dull slice of old tat IS the grainy black and white film , you know you 're in deep trouble . Mind , chances are you 'll be fast asleep long before you give up caring what 's going on , i.e. after about 10 minutes.Get Dead Men Do n't Wear Plaid with Steve Martin instead - at least that 's REALLY clever AND funny , and you have some fun watching the big screen stars of yesteryear grafted into it with some genuine style and panache .
 The worst screenplay adapted from a novel I have ever seen . The plot clarity and witty dialogue from the book are completely missing . The murder of an American soldier that the book and movie center around is committed by a different character in the movie than in the book , and much less plausibly so . A Jewish -LRB- minor -RRB- character in the book has identified other Jews to the Nazis to save her own neck . In the movie , this collaboration is confessed by the heroine , which is totally out of character . In the book the Nazi rocket scientist goes to American with his wife at the end ; in the movie his is killed . And Lena , the heroine , who in the book is a conflicted and sympathetic character , turns out in the movie to be capable of murder and collaboration . I rated the book 4 and the movie 1 .
 I loved the black and white format of this film , but found the acting wooden and the plot tired . The book was much better . This film , albeit an interesting and creative technical piece , sorely lacked the nuance and brilliance of the book . One star for effort and one star for the black-and-white .
 The movie is stylish but the book is far more thought-provoking , intelligent and entertaining . This movie is so very loosely based on the book that I hardly recognized it .
 Steven Soderbergh unfortunately is a hit , miss , miss , miss , miss , miss director . Kafka still remains , to this day , my favorite of his films and it is not even on DVD.This film was terrible.Awful .
 The Good German , the novel by Joseph Kanon , is a first-class thriller that makes some serious points . The Good German , the movie by Steven Soderbergh , is n't and does n't . Books and movies are different animals , and a fan is naive to think that the strengths of one can always be translated into the other . Director Soderbergh , in my view , in order to achieve two objectives does n't even try . The first , notable only if the viewer has n't read the book , is to change substantial elements of the plot and the characters for what seems no greater purpose than to create star roles for George Clooney and Tobey Maguire and `` acting moments '' for the two of them and Cate Blanchett . He also seems , as so many Hollywood factory philosophers seem compelled to do , to want to make obvious points about how awful some government actions can be , how hideous `` end-justifies-the-means '' activities are and how noble is the average guy , played by a Hollywood star lead , of course , in resisting all this . But much , much worse , Soderbergh has used The Good German as a toy . He has said he wanted to make the movie in the style of the old Forties movies . For the most part he shot everything on stage sets , used the old camera lenses , insisted on boom mikes for sound recording and played with the harsh light contrasts familiar from movies like The Third Man and the B-level noirs photographed by John Alton . He even was his own cinematographer and editor -LRB- under pseudonyms -RRB- . What he came up with is a stilted drama so harshly lit that the movie is unpleasant to watch . The movie is a collection of deep , deep contrasts that give washed-out brightness , dead white faces and shadows so black anything might be happening . This must have been great fun for Soderbergh to create but it 's hell for the movie viewer to sit through for nearly two hours.The story , set in Berlin in 1945 when the Potsdam Conference is just starting , is hugely visual . There are desperate civilians everywhere , GIs living high , bombed-out ruins , war criminals being hunted by both the Soviets and the Americans , not to punish but , if they were rocket scientists , to bring back home . Intrigue and corruption bubble just below the rotten surface of the city . And Jake Geisner , played by George Clooney , finds himself up to his neck in intrigue when he spots a former mistress , Lena Brandt -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- and is assigned a GI driver , Patrick Tully -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- . Then a GI is murdered , which leads Geisner into some dangerous situations and some moral conflicts . Unfortunately , among all the specious changes Soderbergh makes in the story-line , the worst is the conclusion . Instead of a satisfying bit of justice served up with irony , as in the book , we have an irrelevant bit of knowledge tossed at us that serves no purpose but to create another acting moment for Clooney and Blanchett.For me , even if I had n't read the book this movie would have been a disappointment . It 's an auteur 's dream of a director 's Hollywood clout , but gone bad . If Soderbergh does n't get his act together soon , he 'll wind up as a cautionary tale of talent being indulged , corrupted and wasted . I ca n't think of a movie of his I 've seen since Out of Sight and The Limey that did much for me . Amid the Berlin debris , however , is the performance of Cate Blanchett . She looks awful in Soderbergh 's unforgiving lighting and it 's obvious at times that she 's trying to channel Marlene Dietrich . Still , when she finally settles down into the part Blanchett gives a fine performance.The DVD is bare-bones . Make sure you wear sunglasses if you watch it . For those who like to read thrillers and are intrigued with Germany right after the end of WWII , you wo n't do better than Ross Thomas ' The Eighth Dwarf . And for those who want to see how dramatic lighting can really be used , try The Third Man or some of Alton 's noirs.Eighth DwarfThe Third Man - Criterion Collection -LRB- 2-Disc Edition -RRB- He Walked By NightThe Big Combo
 I was relieved to know Toby Maguire 's whiny tough guy character was n't going to be through the whole film . That has to be one of the worst mis-castings I 've seen in a long while!Clooney and Blanchett are really good , but the plot twists are too predictable in following the WWII film noir structure . There was no `` punch '' in the script .
 I was sad that this movie was so boring and so predictable . I was looking forward to it because I am such a fan of the kind of movies Soderbergh was trying so hard to emulate . I was disappointed . The careful planning to make everything seem so precise as it would 've been sixty years ago is a nice idea , but it should n't involve the actors , who performed as robotically as if they too were a part of the facade . I am a fan of all of the actors involved but their performances were poor . Maguire was a cartoon thug , Clooney was wooden and dull , and Blanchett was morose and vague.Another issue I had with the film is that they added in some 21st century gratuity to the film in sex scenes , nudity , and dozens of f-bombs from Spider-Man and it seemed really out of place . I am not prudish in any way , but the jarring inappropriateness of it in this context was off-putting . There was simply no need for it outside of titillation . That works great in a Will Ferrel movie , but not here.I ca n't even say that this is worth it to rent unless you wait until it moves from the more expensive new releases to the cheaper stock , or wait until it puts you to sleep on tv.It 's a shame that such a good idea turned out to be so dull and unimaginative where it most needed it - the plot , the writing , and the acting .
 I worry about director Steven Soderbergh . He 's trying too hard to come up with `` something different . '' New gimmicks do not a great film make . He 's done phenomenal work in the past , including TRAFFIC and The OCEAN 'S resurgence -LRB- i.e. , OCEAN 'S ELEVEN , etc. -RRB- . These are straightforward stories with characters we can grasp , laugh at , or worry about . But then he stretches too far and comes up with EROS , SOLARIS -LRB- which was n't too bad -RRB- , and the bottom rung BUBBLE.Attempting to capture some of that ancient Hollywood gold , Soderbergh puts up THE GOOD GERMAN , a black and white feature in the vein of CASABLANCA . But any resemblance to the former film ends with the lack of technicolor . Given a chop-shop style script , the success of the movie hung on the uncharacteristic style more than the acting , dialogue , or story . The unfortunate part about it is that it does n't utilize the compelling narrative in which the film is based upon , the novel by Joseph Kanon.The Good German , that term , is meant to denote a German who may have had ties to Nazi-ism but who 's record was cleaned up -LRB- on paper -RRB- so that they could be exported from the country without the threat of being accused of war crimes . Never did this essential element come through on film . What did , though , was a mish-mash of scenes that seemed strung together without regard to story-flow nor character portrayal . We never care for -- or understand the motivations of -- any of these people.The star is George Clooney -LRB- GOOD NIGHT , AND GOOD LUCK -RRB- as Jacob `` Jake '' Geismer , a journalist sent to Berlin for the post-WWII Potsdam conference . Once there , we quickly learn that he 's been here before . In fact , he was involved with a lovely -LRB- but married -RRB- German named Lena Brandt -LRB- Cate Blanchett , BABEL -RRB- . Lena is now involved with Corporal Patrick Tully -LRB- Tobey Maguire , THE ICE STORM -RRB- who also happens to be Jake 's back-stabbing driver . Is this all coincidence ? Jake soon finds out that Lena 's supposedly dead husband may have important documents those at the Potsdam conference want to keep quiet -LRB- i.e. , destroy -RRB- . When Tully turns up dead , the heat hits Jake full-on , sparking up his naturally inquisitive journalist mind . Everyone has an agenda and wants something from each other.And that 's about it ... The looping of intrigue is nothing new to cinema , but it can be done correctly if the acting and story are entertaining . You wo n't find that here . The characters/actors are wooden at best , which is quite a surprise considering the high-caliber cast . Lacking this , one would hope to find a pearl of success somewhere within the script . Not so . Again , it has a haphazard feel with poor fluidity.In the end , it is the filming technique and in-you-face style that stands out over anything of substance . If you really want to know what a Good German is , read Kanon 's novel and skip Soderbergh 's interpretation .
 This film bears so little resemblance to the book that I do n't know how they can even use the name . While those who have not read the book will no doubt find some redeeming features in the movie , I wonder if those who read the book were as disappointed as I was , especially with the unemotional acting and lack of intrigue . I could not have cared less about any of the characters and it certainly did not have the post-war atmosphere of Berlin that the book had . I guess that is the problem with seeing a movie made from a book one has really enjoyed - disappointment - but not usually to this extent .
 Soderburgh 's attempt at noir failed and seemed more like an excuse to use footage from war-ravaged Berlin than a real embrace of the genre . Soderburgh 's noir attempt also fell flat because there was too much unneceessary violence and voyeristic embrace of the bizarre -LRB- the legless Jew who had been experimented on , but suddenly is running a shop in Berlin a few months after surviving a concentration camp ? -RRB- whereas genuine noir is understated . Noir aside , the real problem with this film is a disastrous screenplay . The novel 's rich texture of minor characters -LRB- and even major figures like Gunter -RRB- disappear and , as has been mentioned other reviews , Lena 's character is completely transformed and ruined . The `` surprise '' at the end of the film was a poor attempt of making a profound statement about morality and survival in the Third Reich .
 read the novel . it was ok . saw the movie . got the director 's intention . but some big problems . blanchett as dietrich/garbo . not a good idea . she 's great , just poorly directed . too bad . clooney ? he 'll do . the problem is he is not a facially or emotionally conveying , expressive ennough actor to pull off a ` presentational ' acting performance . he just comes across as moving stone . the soundtrack , at least on the dvd , is defective
 I had high expectations for this film , considering the great cast . However , I was disappointed in their melodramatic acting and in the trite , dull and clich&eacute;d script itself.If you 're writing a script that 's a homage to the 1940s , should n't the scriptwriter stick to that particular style ? The use of F words and nudity -LRB- not a needed scene -RRB- was not the best idea , and actually called for disappointment already.What saved the movie was : - that it was shot in black and white , with no microphones , - its colorful score , - and its storyline -LRB- albeit weakly developed and confusing at times -RRB- . Captain Jake Geismar -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- is in Berlin to cover the Potsdam Conference in post-World War II Germany , but he is dragged into a murder investigation involving his former mistress Lena -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- and his driver -LRB- Tobey Maguire -RRB- . The last scene was a clone of Casablanca 's last scene - was it intentional ? It is a very * slow * film noir , and political thriller , and certainly not a film that everyone will enjoy .
 On what planet did they make this movie ? It is so different from the book , e.g. Lena and Renate are combined into one character which completely changes Lena 's relationship with Jake . I thought the book was an excellent read and was so looking forward to seeing it as a movie -- total disappointment ! And when George Clooney is n't getting beat up , he looks jowly and worn-out . If you liked the book , do n't bother with the movie !
 This movie was filmed in throwback black-and-white , which I usually like . But here the attempt to recreate the look of old newsreel footage just comes across as self-conscious artsy effect . This whole movie is unfortunately too much about projecting a look , and too little about telling a coherent , engaging story . `` The Good German '' was presumably meant to be a serious drama about post-WWII Europe , when the Nuremberg Tribunal was being convened and researchers were trying to identify people guilty of war crimes so that they could be prosecuted . In that climate of shifting , concealed identities , black-market wheeling-and-dealing , and wild speculation - there was enough intrigue to fill thousands of compelling stories . But this does n't turn out to be one of them.This is too garbled and contrived a view of those years . It 's an uneasy mix of `` The Third Man '' and `` Casablanca . '' One of the scenes is in fact such a replica rip-off of a famous Casablanca scene that it makes this whole movie seem like parody.George Clooney , who stars in as well as directs , makes it hard for us to take the movie seriously in other ways . For one thing , he is brutally beaten a number of times , but never seems to suffer any damage beyond the need for a band-aid . And even that can be quickly peeled off , showing him none the worse for wear . It 's like the 1950 's TV westerns in which the singing cowboy heroes would get into repeated fierce somersaulting fights - without ever so much as losing their white hats.No , I 'm afraid if this movie were itself put on trial , it would definitely be found guilty .
 I could n't last a half hour in this movie . In reading some of the other reviews -LRB- including Amazon 's -RRB- I think I now understand why.I am a passionate lover of old movies . Supposedly , Soderbergh was trying to recreate a Curtiz-style film . Yet Curtiz was not trying to be an `` artist '' , at least not self-consciously . He was a skilled journeyman director who knew how to tell a good story well . Yet as Soderbergh is self-consciously trying to recreate something that came naturally , he took any real feeling out of it . Beyond the absense of real feeling , the high contrast visual style was so distracting that I could never get into the story . Curtiz movies never looked like that!This movie was so pretentious , I could n't stand it . I turned it off after a half hour . I 'm afraid Mr. Soderbergh just does n't `` get it . ''
 The film in black and white is breathtaking and I actually caught myself thinking for a second here and there that I was really back in 1945 . The actors were good if a bit archetypal . But there was not much character development so it seemed ludicrous that the George Clooney character kept being beaten up . He was certainly a slow learner ! Especially since he had lived in Berlin before and was no greenhorn.The SS and their wives were vetted so thoroughly at the time for their Aryan backgrounds that I found it a bit of a stretch that the Cate Blanchett character , married to an SS officer , was actually Jewish . But stranger things happened during the war ; of itself it was not totally implausible . The plot however seemed a bit unclear and the action repetitive . Also , none of the characters were particularly likeable . True to life , perhaps , but it muddies the lens.I kept asking myself what point the film makers were trying to illustrate . I know if I were younger I would have enjoyed this less critically -- it was a chilling peek at the early days of the cold war -- but it did n't seem to have any new messages for the viewer .
 I guess I should know better by now than to hope that a film adaptation of a really good novel could satisfy me . I ' v seen too much evidence to the contrary , starting with the film adaptation of Herman Wouk 's `` The Caine Mutiny '' , from which the film omitted the entire second half of the novel . I 'm just glad that I borrowed this atrocity from my local library for free ! Joe Kanon is my favorite contemporary author -LRB- I 've even started a fascinating correspondence with him -RRB- , but this film takes such wanton liberties with his plot , characters , and basic premise that it 's totally unrecognizable ! Take the character Tully
 The Good German takes place in sort of post world war II Berlin . Japan has not been bombed yet and a army journalist -LRB- Clooney -RRB- arrives in Berlin for , in my understanding , a conference . He is not a stranger to Berlin . He lived there before the war and was in some sort of relationship with Cate Blanchett 's character . Upon arrival , he is issued a driver , played to the point of annoyance by Tobey Maguire . Surprise suprise , Tobey 's character is now involved with Cate 's character and then we find out that Cate 's husband , who everyone , including her assumes died in the war-but maybe not ? Yea ... it can get a tad confusing.This murder mystery does not have a good handle of things from the onset . There are many problems with this film , most deriving from the script and characters . Tobey Maguire sticks out like a sore thumb in this-just badly miscast any way you look at it . George Clooney plays the same character in every film-no surprise . Cate B. is extraodinary as usual , so versatile you would never believe she WAS N'T German . But even she ca n't save this convoluted mess of a film.There is murder , and mystery and a boring romantic subplot that goes nowhere , and characters you ca n't even begin to care for for various reasons . I can see why this bombed in theaters . The one thing this film has going for it , is its authentic look . Shot entirely in black and white , it comes so very close to the old films we all know that it 's just a shame the actual plot ca n't be any better.I 'm always amazed by the five star reviews of certain films . I know everyone has a right to their opinion , but if you rank this 5 stars , what are you comparing this to ? I mean , the rating ca n't get any higher , not on Amazon . So really , is this truly one of the best films you 've ever seen ?
 The one thing I would have liked to know before purchasing this movie was the use of the `` f '' word , plus the plot was thin . I was disappointed in this movie for the simple fact of the language and find this word to be soooo offensive . I also find this to be a juvenilistic approach to making a movie . Ca n't the actors act without using this kind of language . If they had wanted to make a movie in the old style maybe they should have paid attention to some of the old movies . I just watched `` Twelve O'Clock High '' with Gregory Peck which was great and no offensive language , the actors and the plot stood on their own .
 The movie was very disappointing to someone who read the book . The author created a very important message that was diffused by the movie .
 Perhaps this may be an okay film for someone who has not read the book -LRB- although those unfamiliar with the book will probably find the film very hard to follow -RRB- , but for those who enjoyed Joseph Kanon 's excellent and atmospheric mystery , any resemblance between the book and the film , other than the name , the names of the characters and the setting is purely coincidental . While it is undertandable that a film adaptation has to take some liberties with the original material , the drastic changes that the screenwriter made are senseless - they add nothing to the film , nor do they change the tone of the film for the better ; in fact , in most cases they only make the film more confusing . Relationships between characters now make no sense , so it is hard , if not impossible , to understand their motivations for doing what they do . Clooney spends a good part of the film getting beaten up by various people , but it 's not always clear who they are and why they are doing this ? The mystery that was meticulously uncovered piece by piece in the book is now in the film presented almost completely in the first ten minutes . Why adapt a mystery if you are not going to make a mystery ? Even the irony of the title is lost in the film because of the way the screenwriter changed the characters . A major disappointment .
 And i do n't know which is worse ? Beautifully filmed is about all i can say . its a goofy film and i was glad when i saw the wordsThe End . If you 're really bored ? Rent it . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 They all look nice in b/w . But why is this movie so unmemorable ? Maybe because I just could not bring myself to care about the story or the characters . I really ca n't recommend it except for the set design and photography .
 Classic film noir has a crisp , high-contrast look . `` The Good German '' has gauzy , soft-focus cinematography that would be more appropriate in a perfume commercial . The mushy images and consistently overexposed highlights make the film hard on the eyes and a chore to watch.The poor cinematography might be tolerable if the script were worthwhile . Unfortunately , the script is even worse than the photography . The story plods from one uninteresting plot point to another with no sense of momentum . The acting is nothing special , either -- not that anyone could save such an ugly , badly written film.The obvious comparison is to Jacques Tourneur 's `` Berlin Express , '' a 1948 noir set in post-war Berlin . Tourneur 's film is one of his weaker efforts , but it 's a minor masterpiece compared to Soderbergh 's failed pseudo-noir .
 Art seems inevitably to belong to its historical moment . ` The Third Man ' and ` Casablanca ' are echoed , as other reviers have noted , but there is also a sharper contemporary edge in terms of sexual content , general cynicism and nastiness and exceptionally coarse language.One contemporary film that ` The Good German ' calls to my mind is ` Sin City ' , also a kind of pastiche of film noir . It even has multiple narrators!As much as I appreciated the use of 1940s production techniques and enjoyed the music , ` The Good German ' left me admiring even more the films to which it pays homage . The appeal of those movies now is largely that they do n't rely on cheap sensationalism and special effects but instead excel at things like plot , character and dialogue . They also have a moral center that later films lack.Because of the Hays code , film-makers of the era had to suggest a great deal more than they could spell out . ` The Good German ' has none of that subtlety , wit or inventiveness , and so seems kind of dumb and unsophisticated by comparison.The script is lacklustre and none of the characters were people I really cared about . Needless to say , Clooney , Blanchett and Maguire are good actors but here pale in comparison to the likes of Bogart , Bergman and Welles . If the film-makers had been really serious about recreating the 1940s , they would have been faithful to the milieu in which the films were made as well as reproducing the technical features of the period .
