 This is a stellar horror film . It 's at-the-edge-of-your-seat action from none other than Stephen King . -LRB- Trivia Sidenote
 This film is brilliant , although in some parts of it are scary . I love these type not because they are sick because it 's scary and a mystery what is goin to happen . Towards the end is scary , i could sit and cope with it but i have to look away from the screen a couple of times . The film is based on a cemetary , but there are vampires that come into it too , such as the little boy who dies , they bury him in the pet semetary way and he comes back to life again and tries to eat people . The boys dad manages to kill him though and it is dead sad cos the boy is dead cute . It goes on to a man who just lies there dead and rachel his mother -LSB- the boys -RSB- who hears him laughing , walks into the house and gets chewed into . Then his dad takes her to the cemetary to , she comes back and she kills the only person left out of there family his dad . There is one thing with this film , not everyone would like it .
 Here 's a brief rundown.Family moves into house . Tradgedy strikes . Family is torn apart . Spooky old neighbor tell tales of bringing the dead back to life . Family resorts to trying that . Works . People dead all over again ! LOLThis movie was the scariest movie when I saw it in the movie theater and STILL to this day remains the SCARIEST I have ever seen . I was a the most unusual kid I know of , grew up with a special FX storage area in my basement . Most kids thought they had monsters in their basement but I ACTUALLY did ! Hah ! I was never afraid of any movies . This one still makes me shake when I think about it ! It 's a must see ! If you can keep your eyes open long enough !
 Do you think `` dead is better '' ??? Most people do , but mostr people do n't not Louis Creed and his wife . They lost their child in the movie because of a incedint that happened im not goin to say . if you have not seen it got see it .
 im a big fan of sephen king and this one did a number on me i had nightmares for a month and to this day im not over this i really liked the music for 1 thing if i had one bad thing to say about this movie it would be the use of the animal 's i love animal 's and it was hard for me to watch . the seting of the movie was great the landscaping was pretty to look at dale midkif did a good job to espesaly towrd the end when their on the phone that part gave me chills over all not a bad movie but iwouldent let young kid 's watch this . this movie ruls .
 a fun loving faimly moves to a beautiful home to live in peace , but thats not what they got !
 IT WAS A EXCELLENT MOVIE . IT DEFINITELY KEPT ME ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT .
 What else can we say - this is a creepy show and one of Kings best - must have for the King collector !
 Dale Midkiff and Fred Gwynne star in this 1989 horror filmbased on Stephen King 's book . A doctor becomes drawnto ancient burial ground that 's evil . This is a creepy filmthat 's one of King 's best and this collector 's edition hasnice picture and sound plus a neat 3-part documentary.I recommend this good horror film .
 I have almost all of Stephen King 's movies and this is one of my all time favorites . If you like Stephen King , you 'll love this classic . Fast shipping from seller at a great price . Thanks
 The reason this `` story '' is scary is because you almost believe it can happen . A father loses a child and buries him in a place where there is a chance that this child will yet again come to be . Child returns ... the rest you have to watch to get the full effect of the story/movie . I do not recommend for people who scare easily and definitely not a movie for young kids . Traumatic - I still ca n't watch it again .
 I love this product , pretty of thrills and turns . I rate the product good .
 This is a great movie version of a scary-as-all-get-out Stephen King novel . No horror fan 's collection should lack this movie .
 This is a classic Stephen King film ! Ive been watching this since I was kid , its one of my favorites ! Its two hours of surprises ! This will keep you watching !
 i just recently saw this movie , i really enjoyed it , it was scary at parts , but i am sure that it lacked parts the book had as with all horror films . I often wonder how they could not keep an eye on gage , i mean he wandered to the road all the time , but hey , movies dont have to make sense . as for it being a pet sematary , the burial ground was near the CEMETERY ... but over all it was a good film
 This has to be the best Stephen King movie made . Even after seeing this movie years ago it is still very creepy .
 I remember seeing this movie when it first came out.The one thing about Stephen King is his books & moviescould almost happen in real life.The story starts with a road that people drive likebats out hell , they drive so fast that if your notcareful you might be the next returning from the dead.I would recommend this movie if your a Stephen King fan !! I rate this DVD a 5 of 5 stars !!
 This is a movie that I love to death ... sick and twisted . Has enough gore to make you turn away from the TV , yet is strangly pulling and makes you not want to turn away . The child who played Gauge . . brilliant kid ! Way too much fun with this movie .
 This movie was ok ... My favorite part was when Gage got hit by the truck ... I know it 's mean , but it was hilarious !!! It 's pretty weird , but it 's ok ... You still have to admit it was funny when Gage got hit by the truck ! Ha !
 This is a cool film if you like slasher movies , Dr.Greed is a doctor in a smal town.He 's wife are become haunted by her sister in the evil house , Stephen King 's Pet Sematary is a masterpice every horrorfan should have this one.But do n't buy the second film it 's too simple and have an verry silly plot.But this one is a must have !!!!!!!
 Definately an instant classic . Not only a story of horror and suspence , but jam packed with laughs . See how many times Fred Gwynne says `` That Ruud '' you 'll instantly be the life of the party .
 This would have to be one of sk 's all-time greats movie . I 've seen it a million times and love it . Go out and buy it and watch it a thousand times
 It does not too much gore . Its mostly suspence and action at the same time . You must see this movie .
 It is one of my favorite Stephen Kings books/movies ! It is frightening ... and not be watched alone
 a must see film hold on if you like horroe you will love this movie very sad the the child was killed
 Do n't let Children watch it . My nine year old grandson watched it and could n't sleep for a month . Very scary .
 If you are looking for a scary flick , this is the right one for you . This film scared the hell out of me like you would n't believe . Some people disagree with me , but they do n't know jack.When this movie first came out , I was only four years old and the only I part I remember scaring me at the time was the end where Rachel comes back and kills Louis . I remember crying to my parents and asking them if she was going to come and kill me.During the summer of 2000 , me being 15 years old at the time , I decided to rent it because it had been 11 years since I had last seen it . I watched late that night . That was one of thebiggest mistakes I had ever made . I was scared as all hell . The part that scared me the most was Rachel 's sister , Zelda . That broad gave me nightmares not to be believed . Literally . I will never watch this at night by myself again . I can watch during the day . If I watch it night , I 'm okay if I 'm with somebody , but never by myself at night.Dale Midkiff was outstanding in the role of LOUIS CREED . Denise Crosby , looking sexy as ever , was really good in the role of RACHEL CREED . Fred Gwyne , good ole Herman Munster , was really great in the role of JUDD CRANDELL , the sweet , elderly neighbor . Miko Hughes , whose film career debuts here , was adorable in the role of Louis and Rachel 's son GAGE . I do not know who played the role of ELLIE CREED , Louis and Rachel 's daughter , but the character made me want to smack her across the face about 25 times.This is a movie that will have you scared out of your wits . It 's a movie that will take you to hell and back . If you 're wise , you will watch it with all the lights on in the house and in your mind .
 This is one of the best movies of our time . It is about a man , named Louis Creed , who is a doctor , who has a bumper sticker that reads `` HAVE YOU HUGGED YOUR M.D. TODAY ? '' -LRB- Oh jeez -RRB- . But anyway , he is a man who befriends a neighbor , named Jud , that reveals to him the secret of the mysterious path . It leads to the Pet Sematary ; a place where children bury their once-loved . After Louis 's daughter 's cat dies , Jud further reveals secrets of the Pet Sematary as they near it . Beyond the Pet Sematary is an old indian burial ground , thought to bring loved ones back . Cool . But , what that old coot failed to prepare Louis for was the fact that whatever was buried there came back EVIL -LRB- someone hold me -RRB- . Louis did not find this out in time , and he made a huge mistake ... and I am not talking about that cat!Oh , I feel I must explain the humor . As scary of a plot as it is , I noticed certain things in the movie that made me laugh . Definately the bumper sticker , the rat in the bathtub , and a certain scene where Louis is raking . He rakes a tiny pile , then quits . Look at the ground ; there 's still leaves everywhere!Bottom line
 good move better then too was so good that i just couldnt beleive i havent seen it it was a good move
 anything dealing with death usually scares us its not a subject we want to think about and stephen king knows just how to take it a step further and delivers the chills from the opening credits with the eerie music to the setting this is the scariest movie ive ever seen and ive seen and own them all ! as many have mentioned the two characters zelda and timothy though only taking up about 5 minutes of screen time between them are absolutely horrifying and will creep u out !! the acting is flawless and perfectly casted there are no flaws to this masterpiece and if u have never seen it your in for a real treat if u love horror movies watch and enjoy!for the fans get the collectors edition ! we finally get a few special features which include directors commentary with mrs. lambert interviews with the cast and stephen king and also fred gwynne !
 A movie that just had me starled at one point . But not like Salem 's Lot tho ! I am a horror buff ... Love it !
 what can i say stephen king is the bomd i do not want to meet him this scares me to the bone till this day !!!!
 When the Creed family moves to a cozy , Maine college town with their two small children , they think they are settling into a perfect life . Little do they know what horrors lay ahead , thanks to an all too dangerous road , a chatty , old neighbor , and a piece of sour ground beyond the local pet cemetery.Shortly after their move , the family cat , Church , is killed by one of the many semi-trucks carelessly speeding past the Creeds ' front yard . On a tip from Jud -LRB- Fred Gwynne -RRB- , the man across the street , Louis Creed -LRB- Dale Midkiffe -RRB- buries his daughter 's cat on a forbidden piece of land that was once an Indian burial ground . Before he realizes what he has done , Church is back among the living , but there 's something not quite right about him . Ignoring the signs and warnings from a recently deceased , local student , Louis repeats the act when his 2-year-old son Gage is also killed by a passing truck . From there , things just go from bad to worse.One of the best Stephen King based films ever , `` Pet Sematary '' is a true horror film in the best way . The story , despite similarities to other stories/films here and there -LRB- the Monkey 's Paw is mentioned in the commentary , and one should easily be able to see the similarity between the Pascow ghost and Jack Goodman from An American Werewolf in London -RRB- , is full of originality -LRB- and truth , according to Stephen King -RRB- , emotion , and extreme horror . At its heart , it is a story about death and learning about death . The dialogue is excellent and the performances as well . I confess , I found the little girl character to be rather annoying , but I 'm not sure she was n't supposed to be , since the director mentions that in the book even her father finds her irritating . While I have n't read the book myself , clearly it has its differences . Nevertheless , Stephen King seems to have worked closely with the filmmakers on this one . Not only does he have a tiny cameo , he also is given a lot of time in one of the three making-of featurettes , which are all nice supplements to the film . The other DVD extra is the aforementioned director 's commentary . The theatrical trailer is not included . `` Pet Semetary '' has its share of gore . Not tons , but the bloody scenes are the kind that really get to you . The really disturbing things , however , fall in the killer toddler and scary spinal meningitis sufferer categories . Those and a certain death scene you 'll always remember !
 I 'm so glad that this movie got a special edition , with commentary and featurettes . I 've always considered this to be one of the best horror films ever made . It hits on so many levels . The casting is great . The score is the best horror film score ever , and it plays a huge part in the success of the film . The whole ambiance of the film is perfect , and most of all , it 's scary . It still scares me to this day , and I love a horror film that can do that . The ` films ' that are made today should take notes on how it should be done . Oh , and sure , the acting is a bit schmaltzy at times , but please , how could it not be ? Look at the subject matter ! Anyway , it 's a timeless story , and a genius piece of horror film making . I ca n't believe they 're going to remake this movie . There is no way to make it better than this . One way to look at it is this - they do n't remake crappy movies . One last thing - the original cover art/poster was so much better than this special edition generic garbage we 're forced to look at ...
 This thriller is written by the almighty Stephen King . Its a supernatural thriller that involves a family that moves into a new house across from a busy street . The acting in the movie is quite good , aside from some of the sequences at the end -LRB- with the father wrestling around with the baby -RRB- . I find it an interesting and worth while watch . The really creepy thing about the movie is the guy that gets run over and has this nasty bloody wound on his head .
 Stephen King 's movie adaptation `` Pet Sematary '' is a unique horror movie with some very good qualities . With that being said , it is true that this movie is also an eye roller at times as well . However , overall , `` Pet Sematary '' is one of the scariest movies -LRB- if not the scariest -RRB- of the last 16-17 years ... Mary Lambert and company do a great job of painting a very dark picture and producing an evil , morbid and downright scary atmosphere with this movie.The movie starts out with what appears to be a perfect family moving to a ridiculous location on a highway that has constant 18-wheel trucks driving through at 70 miles per hour ... not exactly the best location for a cozy home for two small children and a cat . However , there are stupid people in this world and Louis , played by Dale Midkiff , is probably the stupidest character I have seen in a long time with regard to horror movies.The plot basically involves this `` perfect '' family and their adapting to their new home which has some interesting and dark history behind it that centers on an old Micmac indian burial ground and a `` pet sematary '' ... the former is an evil place with sour soil from all the corpses placed their over so many years and the latter is a `` place of rest and speaking '' according to Jud , played brilliantly by Fred Gwynne.The movie begins to pick up speed when Ellie 's cat is run over by a truck one night and Jud decides to introduce Louis to the power of the ole Micmac indian burial ground which is a very creepy part as the two hike through and to what seems like a very evil place . The score of the movie here really adds to the creepy feeling and mood the audience receives through this part.Jud 's character is clearly the most interesting in my opinion because he knows the history behind `` pet sematary '' and the old Micmac indian burial ground which is the location of this ancient evil . Louis 's question to Jud , `` Has anyone ever buried a person up there ? '' causes Jud to almost go mad at just hearing such a question . Obviously , this takes this movie to what is going to happen next and I will not spoil it for you , but suffice it to say , this movie is filled with dark subplots , e.g. Rachael 's creepy sister story , the history of the evil burial ground and Missy 's depressing health situation which ends in her suicide.Overall , this is a very good horror movie which could have been great or a `` classic '' , but it sadly goes south towards the ending as the manifestation of this evil comes across ridiculously and those of you who have seen the film know what I am talking about . Also , Dale Midkiff 's character , Louis , is so stupid to turn his back on his 3 year old son while on a picnic near `` that damn road '' as Jud calls it . Dale Midkiff is not a very good actor and his performance detracts somewhat from the effectiveness of this horror flick.Nevertheless , this is a VERY DARK and creepy horror flick that deserves respect in the horror genre and earns a place on my horror movie DVD shelf . I affectionately give `` Pet Sematary '' 4.25 STARS , which might be a bit generous because although the movie had such promise from the beginning , `` Pet Sematary '' fades a bit towards the latter half and the ending is not entirely satisfying as well . Still , `` Pet Sematary '' is a very good horror movie , bordering on greatness , and this movie could have gotten 4.5 STARS in my opinion ... alas , that was not the case and that 's why the movie deserves just over FOUR STARS to recognize its darkly imaginative brilliance but also to express disappointment for the parts of this flick which prevent it from attaining 4.5 or maybe even 5 STARS status . `` Pet Sematary '' is a must own for any serious horror movie fan and is one of the better Stephen King adaptations . I highly recommend this movie , but my criticism comes from my disappointment as it is clear this movie had tremendous promise in the beginning , but fails to follow through and for that reason can not quite be considered one of the elite horror movies of alltime , although it is still very good to near great and definitely an entertaining horror movie overall . As a horror movie viewer , you should have an awful good time watching `` Pet Sematary '' for the first time .
 I think one of the scariest scenes in this movie is when the kid laughs hysterically . It is n't cute , it 's freaky . Because he is already a zombie and he has already killed 2 people . This is by far the sickest horror flick ever but I 've given it 5 stars becvause it is n't bad and it 's an old classic , but pretty deranged .
 Do n't any of you know how to spell ? Cemetary is spelled with a C not an S. Anyway the movie is a classic one of Stephen King ` sbest I think ! A good story , and a disturbing ending . And if Zelda were MY sister , I 'd shoot her and put her out of her misery ! And mine for having to look at her everyday ! hahaha ! If you like good classic horror movies , pick this one up !
 Director Mary Lambert -LRB- who has directed many of Madonna 's music videos -RRB- had come to direct PET SEMATARY , the film based on Stephen King 's -LRB- who even wrote the screenplay for the film -RRB- bestselling -LRB- not to mention , horrifying -RRB- novel . This film is , by far , Stephen King 's scariest film of all.LOUIS CREED -LRB- played by the brilliant Dale Midkiff -RRB- has just moved into a beautiful new house with his wife , RACHEL -LRB- played by Denise Crosby , looking sexy as ever -RRB- , and their children , ELLIE -LRB- played by Blaze & Beau Berdahl -RRB- & GAGE -LRB- played by Miko Hughs -RRB- . While Louis and Rachel are tending to Ellie , who has just fell of a tire swing , Gage is standing by the road , where an Orinco truck comes by , and nearly splashes Gage into a bloody mess . But in one quick movement , JUD CRANDEL -LRB- played by Fred Gwyne -RRB- , the Creed 's new kindly old neighbor , comes to the rescue . From that point on the Creed 's and Jud assume a great friendship.That night , Louis stops by Jud 's , where the two sit together and have a beer . At that moment , Jud tells Louis of the path that Rachel had mentioned to Jud . The path behind the Creed 's house was put there for a reason
 This film is scary and disturbing ! Very good . Exploits the worse things in human nature . It explores just how evil men are . Very depressing !
 THIS IS A SCARY MOVIE WITH SOME CHILLING SCENES LIKE WHEN THE PPL THAT GOT KILLED COME BACK TO LIFE AFTER BEING BURIED IN THE CEMETARY , ITS ENTERTAINING AND RECOMMENED FOR EVEN PPL THAT ARENT HORROR FANS
 This movie is very intreging , and scary ! All the acting is extraordinary ! Especailly from little Miko Hughes -LRB- who I personally think is a supurb actor ! -RRB- he was so young , but he did such a wonderful job . This movie will creep you out , and keep you up late at night ... . wondering about your own dog . Oh , man ! And Zelda ! How horrifying was she ? Wow ! This movie has a sequal , but could never , ever live up to this movie .
 Finally here !!! The DVD edition of Stephen King 's Pet Sematary . The 5.1 dolby digital surround sound is alot better than the 2.0 surround . The picture could be alot better but it is decent in the 1:85.1 widescreen format . Wonder if Pet Sematary two will be out any soon ?
 Stephen King pushes the limits in Pet Semetary one of his darkest film adaptations . I 've read a lot of articles he used to write for Entertainment Weekly and it would seem he is as giddy , passionate , and down to earth about films and horror films as any die hard fan would be . I think that 's why to me Pet Semetary had flashes of other horror films in it all while having it 's own unique idea , maybe all the horror films King has watched seeped into his subconscious . For example there is a hanging that visually reminded me for a moment of The Omen however the well known scene in The Omen I am referring to was supposed to be and was far more effective . The dead zombie looking college student with his brains hanging out ghost / advisor with subtle hints of dark humor reminded me of the undead friend in An American Werewolf in London and the whole coming back from the dead reminiscent of Romero flicks . Pet Semetary is still original and different from all the examples I listed they just gave me flashbacks to those movies just the look of those scenes.King really pushes the limits in this , I mean Spielberg has a child die in Jaws but to basically pick the cutest kid you can , have some character development then have him die and give instant flashbacks to him growing up and baby pictures ONLY to bring him back and kill him again in an even sadder way . So I have this theory that maybe Stephen King being mad over his directorial debut Maximum Overdrive flopping says I 'll show people vehicles can be scary and I 'll make a highway to hell that kills all things cute . Then I 'll have said killer truck with 666 imprinted on the side -LRB- and it does -RRB- bring the wife home to meet her demise at the hands of her now undead cute son . The cute son even named `` Gage '' as in the gage of a car . The car acting as a vessel delivering her to her doom . Or maybe not , it 's just a theory.There are three key elements that make Pet Semetary effective and an essential add to any horror collection .1 . And the creepiest and most effective part of horror in the movie Rachel Creed 's sister Zelda who makes three appearances , the most effective her bent over waiting in the corner at the end . Zelda was played by Andrew Hubatsek .2 . The creepy kid from Kindergarten Cop and New Nightmare Miko Hughes who plays Gage . He is cute and lovable and his demise can rip viewers hearts out . Gage can also rip viewers hearts out in another way as a great slasher killer who would 've made a great good guy doll . Whether gage is slashing Achilles , jumping out of an attic , or calling his dad on the phone to tell him he 's done playing with mommy now he wants to play with youuuuu , he 's great .3 . Last but not least the late great Fred Gwynne who played Herman Munster on the Munsters and who is now Jud Crandall a wise , old , lovable , beer drinking , smoking , hillbilly with a great accent . He brings a lot to the film.Not the best Stephen King adaptation but a solid add to any horror collection.There were no dvd features on this disc . However if you like good sound and picture I was pleasantly surprised by this copy and I do n't feel I need to upgrade to get a better transfer .
 When I first read Pet Sematary it scared me half to death . I had a hard time reading passed the funeral home scene . Well the same goes for the movie
 This is somewhat of an important horror film , atleast for me , that has been forgotten or maligned over time . When it came out , all of the popular horror movies were hack and slash/dead teenager/empty boogey men tales . Stephen King adaptations helped put the humanity back in horror , even if the films did n't always do his books justice -LRB- The Shining , Children of the Corn -RRB- . This was the first one to really strike a cord since Carrie . There are no heroes here and no real villians either . No starry-eyed buxom brunette or burly square-jawed male is triumphant in the end . No silent intense man-monster `` gets it . '' In fact it does n't end happily at all . Something of a rarity in popular horror at the time.Also rare is that all the performances are 1st rate as is the music -LRB- wonderfully haunting and sentimental at turns -RRB- . The lighting of the movie is documentary-like , giving the film a realism and naturalism lost in today 's underlit , over-stylized gore-fests . It also makes the shift from family drama to zombie tale feel all the more startlingly believable.Though underdeveloped and slightly rushed -LRB- what you thought Paramount , then home of `` Friday the 13th , '' would produce a 2.5 hr character drama about a man terrorized by his dead family ? -RRB- this movie is a fast-paced horror-tragedy with real heart in its story and performance and direction . A rarity in Hollywood then and now too.Favorite quote from the film
 This is a good horror film that does justice to the book . King does a good job as the screenwritter and watch out for his cameo . Not the best horror film , but is still a good film . Get it on this special edition .
 Horror , like comedy , is one of the most personal genres , and we respond on primal levels . That said , this film scares the heebie-jeebies out of me , every time . Let 's get the short-comings out of the way , ASAP . The film suffers from a few performances that are oft-times wooden , as well as a few `` flying zombie boy '' effects that are laughable.So what?This film works for many reasons , but the main reason it works so well is that it attacks taboo subjects that we do n't venture near in horror
 man this movie is verye good one eat your heart outpenuts and grfild
 I have always loved this movie . I agree with some of the bad reviews that the book was better . True , the book was amazing , but that does n't mean the movie was n't enjoyable . I do n't know why , but I laughed during this movie . Certain little things . It was n't the best acting , annoying little girl , Herman Munster gets killed , etc. . This movie , having first seen it at about 9 , has never scared me . I just really enjoyed it . You should see it . Do it now .
 Pet Semetary , unlike many King adaptions to the screen is mostly faithful to the book , which is why it is possibly the best book-to-screen King story of all time.This film starts out with a young family looking to get away from the stressful big city life , but it all soon turns into a nightmare . The highlight of this movie is the playful yet creepy ghost -LSB- The one on the cover -RSB- who huants Mr. Creed , telling him that a line has been crossed . The scariest part of this movie is the late sister Zelda of Mrs. Creed , who 's face and body have been horribly disfigured as she screams out in evil pain.This movie is one that you may not like at all , or may even take offense to it , but it deals with the lines between life and death and brings suspense and fear to you . The sequel may suck , but this movie is a keeper , so I give it a strong 4 out of 5 .
 This effective horror movie that doesnt shy away from the bloodshed/brutality , and the chills and thrills is sure to keep you up all night long ! Be prepared to be plunged into a non-stop whirlpool of shocks and chills that just wont let up ! When a new family moves into a new house in Maine , everything seems perfect . But what they dont know , is that behind their house , lays a secret so deadly , so horrifying , that only the master of Horror Stephen King could concoct
 Yes there are aot of stephen king movies that have stunk . and there are the excellant ones , Carrie , Stand by Me , Shawshank redemption , The green Mile . and then there are ones like pet semetary which are alot better then you would expect.A young couple with two young children move into a new house and are shwon the pet semetary . the husband finds out this cemetary has a hidden past and a deadly secret . I wo n't go into detail about the movie as many others have to say except this is pretty good . The acting , direction and the creepy music by elliot goldenthal . Dale Midkiff , denise crosby and fred gwynne all did a good job . Some of the creepiest scenes have to be with Zelda . Those scenes give me the creeps to this day.Avoid the sorry sequel which should have never been made !
 I find it horrifically Odd that so many people are so dumb to MISS the CREDITS ... READ the TITLES and TEXT . Sure , Stephen King wrote a Great horror novel ! -LRB- I 've read it a few times , of course it 's better , and it has such an atmosphere -RRB- . - Yet the movie itself ... I 've seen since age 10 for the passing 20 years , and I still enjoy it . BUT , I 've made certain to Note as to where the material came from.STEPHEN KING , author of the book . Actually WROTE the SCREENPLAY to the film adaptation ... Plus , he had SUGGESTED that they shoot it in Maine . Why would the Author do such a thing to his own story ? Because HE created it . and it is Always better for the ARTIST to do whatever they want with their own works . - Not to mention , there is time and budgetary restraint to factor in , and to cut out what may lag in drawing out a quick story for an hour and a half film .
 Ever heard the warning that you should n't make important life decisions while you 're still grieving ? Well , this is a father who REALLY needed to take that advice.Normally , it bugs me when people in horror movies make stupid decisions -LRB- and in this case , is even warned against making a stupid decision by both a gruesome apparition and from a neighbor 's cautionary tale of a man who already made that mistake -RRB- . However , in this movie , I could understand why this father made the decision that he did . People ca n't think clearly while they 're grieving and so , I sympathized with his pain . And I thought Dale Midkiff did a believable job playing a grieving father.Unlike the book that was very slow-moving , the action in this movie picks up pretty quickly . Although it 's tricky to have a little boy act as the villain in this movie , it somehow works . There 's one scene where the little boy attacks someone and , everytime I see that scene , it makes me cringe because it looks so painful . A part of me wonders , though , how playing a villain affected this little boy 's psyche.Anyway , I thought this was a very entertaining movie that was more meaningful than your standard horror flick .
 It 's a real horror movie . A good adaptation of an excellent book , not only by the visual effects but for it 's dramatical script also . If you love gore watch this one .
 I have seen tons and tons of horror movies . But this one is my all time favorite . I am 18 years old but I still get the creeps everytime I watch this Stephen King Masterpiece.The movie is about the Creed family moving into a new house . They thought everything was perfect and nuthing could go wrong . Boy where they wrong . There neighbor Jud Crandall tells louis about the place where the dead speak . An old Indian burial ground where your loved ones come back from the dead . But Jud forgot to mention one part your loved ones dont come back the same . They come back evil.This movie is an all round classic and every horror movie fan has to see it . This movie is a must . Written by stephen King , the movie came out in 89 ' so you know it should be a good horror movie . 80 's horror movies are the best . Pick it up at amazon .
 Good advice , should 've listened to the creepy ghost , Doc . I love this movie and I love the book . I understand that somethings must be changed for the time limit , flow , etc. . The scariest parts of the movie for me
 Okay after reading a few reviews I felt the need to put some information in here so maybe some people can understand some things they did n't in the movie . Since it 's based upon the book -LRB- which I have read -RRB- it is for the most part true to the book , but there is some things I have noticed that are not cleared up and some people are confused on , yes it really does n't have much to do with the Pet Sematary , but this whole story was written based upon King 's own experience , in the introduction of my book he tells about how this story came to be . He had moved to Maine to work at the university , and they lived along side a road just as bad as in the book , his son actually did almost make it into the road where a big 18 wheeler was well on its way but luckily for him he says either his son fell before he made it to the road or he pulled him back just in time but fear makes you forget these things . So there is where gage comes into play , as for church , kings daughters cat died while they were there and he heard strange popping in the garage where he found his daughter stomping on the clear bubble packing screaming `` he was my cat , he was mine , why did god take him he was mine , god could have his own , not mine '' and king thought this to be the purest reaction to death . Anger . A pet cemetery really existed near their house and it was written `` pet sematary '' so this is where that also came in and how it became the title . King then took these events and pushed it to the worst scenarios and the `` what if '' factor and actually did n't publish it for 3 years after writing it because he was so disturbed by what he had wrote . As for how they were coming back , it is explained to be the wendigo who soured the ground , and if you 're touched by the wendigo you begin to have a cannibalistic trait , explaining why church had a new found love of ripping animals apart , and why gage insisted on biting on necks and eating his mothers face . So i hope this cleared things up for everyone and can help you appreciate just how great of a movie and book this really is . It 's insane , and commendable for king to push himself this far when it has to do with his own family , that makes you connect with it so much more .
 Dr. Louis Creed -LRB- Dale Midkiff -RRB- along with his wife -LRB- Denise Crosby -RRB- and two children Gage and Ellie -LRB- Miko Hughes and Blaze Berdhal -RRB- has just moved from Chicago to a small town in Maine . He befriends a kind and good old man who lives right across the road from their house named Judd Crandall -LRB- Fred Gwynne -RRB- who gives them a tour of the area especially of the local pet cemetery that has a secret beyond the hills , for it 's an old indian burial ground with magic powers to resurrects dead animals and other living beings back to life . One day the family cat gets killed but luckily Louis and Judd resurrect it but it seems harmless but acts different as a zombie and even one day the 3-year old son Gage gets killed by a truck and Louis must try to resurrect him unfortunately there is bad results.An exciting , gruesome and macabre if not entirely faithful adaptation of Stephen King 's novel , this supernatural zombie horror thriller offers good frights , nice acting and shocks abound . Fred Gwynne whom you remember as Herman Munster does a fantastic and perfect performance as the lovable old man and there is a memorable score with some genuine tension , Miko Hughes makes a memorable performance as the three year old zombie murderer with a fetish for scalpals . It 's also a gripping tale of supernatural horror you 'll never forget and coming in 2008 is a remake that will be more faithful to the novel.This DVD has great picture and sound with only three extras being three featurettes and no trailer , but this is still a must have for zombie and horror fans.Also recommended
 Ok , so this is the 2nd re-release of Pet Semetary . I resisted buying the other version , because 1 -RRB- I did n't think i had enough storage to put it , & 2 -RRB- there were NO special features . But now that I have bought a new bookshelf/DVD stand , I have much mor eroom in my apartment to put it . Sure this movie is n't an Academy Award winner , & the acting is n't tremendous , but honestly , it 's a horror film . Did anybody think it really was gon na be ? What it IS is just a fun little gory horror film . However where are the Special Features ? Why is this the `` Special Collectors Edition ? '' What makes it any different from the previous release other than the pretty cool cover art ?
 I have n't seen the movie but I just finished reading the book . I highly reccomend it to everyone . Stephen King is a writing genius . In Pet Semitary I could n't put down the book and when something was happening it felt like I was there.The only piece of advice I have for the people that are thinking about reading the book , get a lot of time on your hands because you 'll not want to stop reading !! If the movie is half as good as the book I would recommend it to everyone .
 This is a great fun classic filmAnd Image really did a great job . All the way around.Ehnks image
 This movie was a gift for my 17 year old son and he Loved it ! He is a Stephen King junkie!Thank you !
 I was an ardent Stephen King fan until he started fanning out into more Hickcockesh type horror . I loved this one when it was first released and wanted it on DVD
 Another DVD to add to the growing library ... this one was a steal through Amazon . Thanks So Much for offering this great Product
 Bought this to replace my old vhs version . As for the special features-the documentaries on the making of and cast are pretty cool . As for the movie , what can you say ? It 's a horror classic . Truly scary . Fred Gwynne is awesome as the creep fatherly neighbor from across the street . The main plot is predictable , but the sub plot with the sister Zelda is what will give you nightmares ! That Zelda still scares the crap out of me 30 years later !
 I have three daughter ranging for 31 to 11 and we are all Stephen King fans . It has already trickle down to my grandkids they love them to .
 I love this movie . I recently read the book and thought it was great too , but Zelda was depicted so well in the flick , she still scares me . I can watch it alone , but do n't care to .
 Pet Sematary is one of my favorite horror movies ! One of Stephen King 's finest , Though it 's sad that the Creed family dies in the end . I 'm happy with this version I purchased recently from Amazon.com .
 When I think of Stephen King I think of `` Carrie '' , `` Christine '' , `` It '' , `` The Howling '' and ... `` Pet Sematary '' . This is a classic horror film that never gets old .
 People really need to get over the fact that movies adapted from Stephen King novels are n't exactly like the novels ! Get over it ! With that being said , this film is probably one of my favorites . The acting in it is awesome . I do n't think anybody really gives Fred Gwynne the credit he deserved as dramatic actor . Everyone remembers him from the Munsters but he had the ability to portray sadness in such a moving way . Take note of his acting after the funeral scene . I truly love this movie . Other good movies that were based on Stephen King 's novels are
 Well , first thing 's first - there were one or two gruesome parts that bothered me . Maybe they 'll bother you , too . However , I 'm one of those people who get extremely squeamish with blood when it comes from the arms , legs , and face , so ... I ca n't really say if you 'll be affected or not by the gore . I reckon it 's really not so bad as I think it is on that level , though . Most of the other people I know who 've seen it did n't care . But what can I expect from Stephen King , anyway ? Heh.Most of the acting was pretty good - Dale Midkiff did a nice job portraying Louis Creed 's descent into madness . And little zombie-Gage was truly disturbing . Not in an `` ewww , blud and gutzez ! '' way , just ... disturbing . He makes you scared to be in the house alone . That kind of disturbing.The whole story is great - you learn to fear it and love it ... hoho , silly.I myself have never read the novel , so I 'm afraid I ca n't tell you if it stays true to it - but for those of you who have n't read it , and would like to see the movie anyway , you wo n't be disappointed . Pet Sematary , as a movie alone , stands pretty well without the book to guide it . As I 've said , I 've never read the book , but it was pretty easy to follow without it in mind.For the last part of the review , I 'd probably have placed an actual summary of the plot - however , I do n't think I need to waste time explaining what 's already been explained adequately by other reviwers.So whip out the credit card , get yourself a copy of Pet Sematary and some popcorn , and remember - sometimes dead is better !
 This is one good King movie . It is generally very creepy and has a good setting to go with it . Its a very original idea and a creative one . Basically a mans son gets killed and he bury 's him in a pet cemetary that is possed by some ancient evil Indian spirits that would bring the dead pets back to life , but they come back evil same goes for the people buried there ... and so on with that the rest is for you to go out and see this movie goes for $ 10 in stores and I had it for a while so you dont have to wait for amazon to get it , unless you want to.So go get it well worth the money and its a flick you will most likely watch plenty of times I have .
 When I saw this in the theater in 89 , it scared the hell outof me ! The Excorcist is the only other movie I 've ever seenthat 's as scary ! When the father gave Gage an injection inthe neck , and then Gage fell down , and said -LRB- no fair -RRB- , how didthey make that look so real ? Gage was only about 2 years old!If this movie does n't send chills down your spine , nothing will !
 I recently just saw pet semetary and it 's every bit as scary as the other reviewers say . The setting in the movie has a real out there feel to it . . because all we really see in the movie is two houses which are separated by one road that frequently has trucks passing by it . The music in the movie also has a real somber tone to it and does a good job of capturing the feel of the movie . Do n't let anyone else tell you different this movie is really disturbing , from the little creed son , to the mysterious maid missy , and the grotesque looking sister Zelda . The storyline itself is complex enough however I do n't feel like there was enough action and gore in the movie . We wait sometime before anything actually happens . The acting in the movie I felt was really sub par . The two people that play the creed parents do not do a good job of selling that they are actually a couple . When you see both people on screen they do not seem to have enough chemistry to sell their parts . I also felt that the actor that played Mr. Creed did not do a good job . Through out the movie we see him snickering and smiling at times when he should n't be smiling , this is one of the biggest flaws of the movie - terrible acting . However the movie brings a high level of scare factor . The character Zelda is down right creepy , and the way they present her in the first flashback that Mrs. creed has of her adds to her scare level . Zelda to me is one of the most disturbing character that I have ever seen in a horror movie . . Even scarier than freddy kueger . . she just gets under your skin . All in all this movie will disturb you and keep you guessing what will happen next . . and stephen king and the director of the movie use good camera techniques to frighten us . . Pet Semetary to me is 20 times scarier than the exorcist , and is one of the scariest movies I have ever seen . Get this movie right now.SIDE NOTE
 I have read Pet Sematary and many of stephen King 's books and the only one to scare me was It . So after reading Pet Semetary i figured the movie should n't be to bad so i rented it . My friends and I watched it and were thourghly scared . I recomend this for anyone who is looking for a good freak out movie to show at halloween .
 With 4 Stephen King films already remade Carrie , Salems Lot , The Shining and Trucks aka Maximum Overdrive.Now Pet Sematary is getting the remake treatment.What next ?
 The DVD accomplished its promise of taking me from the blue to the black diamond runs . I am a amateur skier and have taken 5 ski trips in the past 3 years to places like Vail , Alta , Heavenly , etc. . I love to ski , and wanted to improve my skills , but could not afford the high price of lessons for something I do 6 times a year if I 'm lucky . So instead of making that investment , I instead decided to try this DVD . I 'll explain a little about the video and then say how I progressed on the mountain.The video has three major topics . When you first turn it on it will show you the three major mistakes most skiers make that prevent them from being in control on more challenging runs . I learned that I often made two of these mistakes as described , and was surprised that it was this simple . I figured the skiing itself was so complicated and thought there could be a myriad of problems people make , for example with the skis , boots , the knees , legs , hips , body , arms , etc. , which there probably are . However , Klaus sums these common mistakes up and I definitely saw what my problems were.The second topic are the lessons and these are meat and potatoes of the video . Klaus has a series of lessons that he goes into about finding balance , using the outside ski , facing the danger , carving , and skiing steeps . These are all very well done and he explains the physics of skiing in a way that is very easy to understand . Some ski videos over think these concepts and they were a little confusing to me.The third topic are drills . I practiced about three of them before trying to go down a black run . They get you program your brain to remember the feeling of these correct techniques . They help you unlearn your bad habits and learn new habits which improve your control and ultimately confidence and ability on the mountain.I tried my first black run at Vail which I ca n't remember , but before this I had difficulty on steeper blue runs and often lost control and would fall back on my skis and lose control . I studied my learning cards before taking the plunge , took a deep breath , and I made it all the way down in complete control . It was exhilarating to do this and gave me a lot of confidence to try more difficult runs.My one complaint is it does not cover moguls -LRB- bumps -RRB- . I still have not learned how to ski easy mogul runs . But this gives me the confidence that with lessons , I will be able to handle these runs too . I understand in person lessons are most helpful -LRB- with the right instructor -RRB- , but if you are interested in fundamentals and are on a budget , this video will suffice . After this , I plan to refine my technique with an instructor .
 Really helped me an older beginning skier to master carving and go confidently into the green and begin the blue runs . Would have really liked to have short turns covered for more advanced hills , since these are what 's holding me back from progressing now . Overall a good value and fun to watch before skiing . Worth the price !
 This is an excellent video ! Very clear explanation and demonstration of techniques in slow and fast mode . The Author is an excellent skier and really gets to the core concepts of being a well rounded skier .
 Not keen on writing reviews , but after all the research I made , tons I read and hours I watched , feel compelled to sharing my experience with this DVD.I was an `` old style '' skier looking forward to carving and improving my overall ski level . As it takes my mind a lot of work to make my body move the way it wants , watched quite a few hours of lessons and read quite a few articles and papers on carving `` new style '' . What worked best for me was Klaus ' DVD
 I 've been skiing for thirty years and consider myself to be a good intermediate skier.I purchased this DVD before my Sun Valley ski trip . We were in Sun Valley for 30 days which gave me plenty of time to take the lessons one step at a time.Overall , this is an excellent instructional DVD . I would highly recommend this to anyone that 's interested in improving without spending hundreds of dollars on lessons.Bottom line , at this point in time , I took away two important elements to good skiing
 Being a huge fan of South Korean cinema -LRB- `` The Host '' , `` Old Boy '' , `` A Tale Of Two Sisters '' , `` Bedevilled '' , `` Natural City '' , `` Save The Green Planet '' , `` Mother '' , `` Memories Of Murder '' , `` Secret Sunshine '' , `` Phone '' , `` The Isle '' , `` I 'm A Cyborg But That 's Ok '' , `` Haeundae '' , `` Conduct Zero '' , `` Bunshinsaba '' , `` Samaritan Girl '' , `` 3-Iron '' , `` Hansel & Gretel '' , `` The Red Shoes '' and many , many more . -RRB- , I am happy to say that `` Chaw '' delivered exactly what I was expecting
 I purchased a Korean DVD of this movie last year and thoroughly enjoyed it . It does n't measure up to The Host in sfx or plot but is a fun popcorn monster on the loose romp . There is the usual Korean-style humor throwm in with a cast of characters you 've seen in most modern creature on the loose productions
 IT was a exciting and off the wall Asian thirller and monster flick that turns out to be a gaint boar that even likes ramming doors and walls a lot of fun goog popcorn movie at a easy price nice tansfer and fast shipping !
 This movie is great ! It 's funny and scary ! There are some really funny , laugh out loud parts and then suddenly you 're jumping out of your skin from being scared ! Unique and very well done ! Very refreshing movie !
 Upon purchasing this product , the shipping was fantastic , the item arrived before its assigned delivery date , 6 days before its required delivery . The item was brand new in sealed wrapped case . No scratches , no blemishes , no irregular details at all . In viewing this product Chawz the DVD movie , it was continual meaning it did not stop , jerk , or revolve at any time the movie played constant , without any stopping or slippage.The volume was perfect , no high volume , or low volume problems , the volume was continual and constant with out any static of any kind.Over all rating of this movie in a range from 1 to 10 . It rates a perfect 10 . A 10 in volume quality , a 10 in viewing , a 10 in quality of the actual DVD it self . My overall rating for the entire purchase and play of this movie is 100 % out of 100 . Thank youSteve Dickey
 Amazon indicates , in error , that this is in French . It is actually in Italian , and Sandrine Bonnaire is dubbed into Italian . Subtitles are in English . Recommended for fans of Marcello Mastroianni .
 Famed Italian actor Marcello Mastroianni -LRB- LA DOLCE VITA -RRB- plays a widowed man who has to care for his young granddaughter -- who has been abandoned on his doorstep -- in TOWARDS EVENING.This is the only Sandrinne Bonnaire video . Stars also making their debut in this video
 The people behind `` Red Velvet '' have claimed the movie as being a `` sexy stylish horror film . '' The first time watching the trailer and going through the image gallery on the movie 's official web site , you could definitely tell that this really was going to be a movie with style . What else are you suppose to think when one of the images that you see for a movie has a guy in a ski mask with a lit candle on his head and melted wax running down it ? Given that , I knew this was a movie I had to see since what it looked like was a horror movie taking place inside the head of an eclectic artist.As odd as it may seem , that 's actually what `` Red Velvet '' is , or at least part of the story is anyway . You are essentially given two movies
 Even the stylish opening credits made me smile ! With gorgeous intense color from the beginning , the credits ' partially `` animated '' characters fascinated me . Some letters are not so much letters as they are exotic figures , changing before your eyes . Perhaps a hint of what 's to come , and what is to come is more than a little magical plot shifting , stories unfolding and changing before your eyes!And that 's the joy of this dark red gem of a movie ! I laughed , I puzzled , I doubted , I marveled . I even said `` ooh '' and `` ahh '' at some of it . Oh , those gorgeous color-washed walls and halls ! Gorgeous Bava-esque color-drenched scenes ! And the titular blood red color here and there , from tomato sauce to car to settee to cake -LRB- red velvet cake is not normally my first choice of flavor , but I was craving it by the end of this movie -RRB- . I made some notes as I watched -- and then afterwards I watched the EXTRAS . I wanted to see what caught my eye without having anything called to my attention beforehand . It pleased me that I singled out a number of the very things the filmmakers chose to comment on in their EXTRAS section.These are a few of my favorite things : As I said before -- the color , which often made me think of Bava . But I thought of David Hockney 's L.A. paintings , too , and Argento 's stylish dark scenes . RED VELVET is its own work of art , though , and I promise you , the sets and lighting wo n't fail to impress and delight!Laundromat . Oh , now the fun begins , the wonderful dialogue that snips and snaps and twines in and out . Henry Thomas and Kelli Garner are wonderful , sounding each other out , poking and prodding and playing . And the look of the place ! The folded laundry skull made me laugh . I love the place 's cheesy painted window -- WASH & FLUFF , BIG LOADS . And from the laundromat they move to the Thai restaurant -LRB- look for a sweet , small cameo shot of the late Forry Ackerman chatting up a pretty girl ! Forry 's last film appearance , I think ? -RRB- -- and Henry and Kelli -- with surreal roach and wok images interspersed -- caught up in the story-telling that becomes the film 's plot.There is a marvelous `` family '' story-within-story , a family group David Lynch would love -- Oh , no , NOT the spilled sauce ! NOT the marinara ! My god , I have known families not too dissimilar from this one , families that should n't exist , but -- do ! The mom -LRB- with the eye ! marvelous eye efx ! -RRB- was a treat . And the little boy was excellent , looking more than a little like a young Henry Thomas.Sex -- a little here and there , and attractive bodies -LRB- something for everybody ! -RRB- , as required in every self-respecting slasher flick . Not too much -- just enough!The maniacal killer -- his wonderful `` body language '' , and the disguise -- what a great bit of business , the polaroid camera recording last moments , and the other techno additions ! The bunny ear look made me laugh -- and creeped me out , too . I do n't want to make any spoilers here -- you KNOW this is a slasher movie , so you know there will be killing going on ! Excellent killings ... a double hammer bash , a wonderful lumberjack saw -LRB- and a musical saw solo !! -RRB- -- and an alligator . I laughed out loud there , too ! Funny , inventive takes on the slasher flicks of a couple decades back.The movie never let me down -- never dragged or bored . It was a treat to be jerked around a bit -- to figure out what is going on , have the rug pulled out from under me , re-figure what 's happening . . a wonderful combo of suspense and comedy . A gleeful take on the old slasher flicks -- this one , though , is a slasher flick for the intelligent ! And again , the look of it -- the camera work . Lovely , seamless cinematography!And Henry Thomas , period -- he was wonderful , and Kelli Garner was equally fine . Everyone 's acting was excellent , as was direction , as were the mind-bending effects . Effects ! Some brilliant things done by way of carnage efx in this movie ! Nothing about the film said `` first effort '' , nothing shoestring about it . It was witty , it was wonderfully off-kilter , it was fun . And it was GOOD!Kudos to everyone involved . I highly recommend RED VELVET both to the casual thrill-flick fan and to the discriminating cinephile !
 Red Velvet is a picture with visuals that get under your skin . Henry Thomas -LRB- Elliot from the 80s family film E. T. -RRB- is surprisingly creepy as Aaron , a screenwriter who ca n't concentrate on his work because of all the arguing between a couple in the apartment down the hall . He runs into the girl -LRB- Kelli Garner -RRB- in a laundromat down the block and they have an abrasive conversation about the hostile bickerings between her and her boyfriend which he can not help but hear . Aaron is able to persuade her to go to lunch with him , and to try to get her interested in him , he attempts to entertain her by telling her terrifying stories about her friends meeting horrible deaths at the hands of a psychotic killer who dresses in a jumpsuit and takes Polaroid photos of his victims at the instant of their deaths . We know from his stories that there is a very disturbed side to his personality and we wonder about hers too , actually!They decide to take an unplanned trip to the cabin in the countryside where her real life friends are at this very instant , assembled for a birthday party . Without giving away too much , I would like to just say that you will be guessing every minute as to what is lying in wait.Forrest J Ackerman 's 112th cameo is in this film . Watch for him !!
 I am not typically a fan of the horror genre , although some of the spoofs have been amusing . I tend to be turned off by the violence and predictability of the mainstream horror films . That said , I enjoyed this film for its differences.The cinematography is a departure from the norm on these films . I enjoyed the use of light and color , and unusual perspective to make the less intense scenes more interesting . There is a scene where the main characters are walking through their apartment complex that I particularly liked.The story feels a little like the telling of a ghost story around a campfire , although this is done in a restaurant and laundermat , and made up as the two characters go along , punishing the protagonist 's friends for enjoying themselves without her . It does n't follow the old tired progression of who gets killed when -LRB- such as teens having sex die first -RRB- , so it 's not as predictable , and I liked the switches in plot as additional details about the characters are revealed.The special effects reminded me of the Kill Bill style , with the exagerated blood spray , albeit at a lower budget . They were n't going for the realistic gore factor , and are n't taking themeselves too seriously in this film , which was refreshing . I thought the dialog was good , with humor thrown in . I could easily see this film becoming a cult classic .
 This is a very interesting movie being marketed in a non-traditional way . Amazon has the exclusive rights to it as I understand , and the DVDs are kind of made to order . Whatever the marketing and how well it works for them , this horror movie with a wink of the eye , needs to be seen , especially by fans of Dario Argento and the old school slasher films . Filmed in 35MM 1.85 A/R , the movie looks amazing . The colors are brilliant and definitely an homage to Argento , as are other aspects of the movie . The first time I watched it , I was n't sure what to think , because I had read too much hype , and was expecting a dumbed down horror comedy making fan of slasher movies . In otherwords , I had low expectations , and after the first viewing , it left me a little confused . That 's why I wanted to listen to the commentary on the second viewing , and this time , I found it to be a very good horror film even if it does n't take itself too serious . The story is about Aaron -LRB- Henry Thomas -RRB- who has a problem with his noisy upstairs neighbor Linda -LRB- Kelli Garner -RRB- . He manages to watch through his keyhole and meet her at a laundromat , where he comes off as a big jerk of a neighbor . But he does manage to get her to have lunch with him , where she tells him she is mad because she was invited to a birthday party in a cabin by a lake , and her boyfriend wo n't take her . So Aaron decides to tell her a story about taking revenge on those friends with a goofy looking stalking killer , that has a polaroid type camera on his head , and takes a picture of his victim before the slice and dice routine . Yea , the killer is pretty silly , but his killings in this story Aaron is telling , is not silly at all , and pretty gruesome . Linda gets a little fed up with creepy Aaron and leaves , but they both live in the same building , so they meet again , and then Aaron agrees to drive her to the cabin and the birthday party . That 's probably as much of the story and plot I should tell , because this movie is basically a story within a story.The technical aspects of the movie are brilliant with very vibrant colors and excellent camera work , and very good acting and direction . Listening to the commentary is important , because it is easy to miss all the homages on first viewing , and Joe Moe 's producer commentary fills in all the blanks . On the gorehound level , there are two or maybe three good kills , and one excellent gore scene with a guy getting sawed in two head to belly . I definitely liked that one , and that along with at least one more would definitely eliminate an R rating , so it 's good they did n't care about the rating . But outside of some pretty decent kills , I liked the whole idea of the setup and payoff , even though I pretty much had the whole thing figured out pretty early . It does n't matter , because watching it all unfold is a lot of fun , especially with the excellent creepy performance by Henry Thomas . I would definitely recommend this movie , it delivers the goods , and is absolutely a delight to watch visually . You could say , it 's a very pretty horror film , and even though it does make a little bit of fun of the slasher genre , it does n't go too far and comes out being just plain silly . On second viewing , it came out much more to me as a good horror film , than a homage to the slasher genre . Give this one a try , it comes with some very good extras , and as I said , a very very good commentary . It 's also the last time you 'll see of the late Forrest J Ackerman in a brief cameo . Congrats to producer Joe Moe , and director Bruce Dickson for producing a rather unique horror film that is also a lot of fun .
 I had been waiting for this movie to come out since I met a couple of the actors at WonderCom in 2008 . I had almost forgotten about it when I received an email telling me that it was out . The movie definitely met my expectations and then some . Henry Thomas is briliant in his role as the lead and has a great chemistry with the Kelli Garner who is totally hot . The plot moved around nicely and I was glued to the TV to see how it would play out . The movie is not too short and not too long and has the right amount of gore . The dialog and character development is what really makes the movie . I definitly recommend the movi !
 I have to admit I am not a huge fan of horror movies but this was n't just that . This took it to a whole new level and took away the torture porn that 's common these days in this genre . The film has a great story , great dialogue , great actors , and is beautifully shot ! My favorite parts are in the story inside the story -LRB- have to see it to understand -RRB- . There is a girl I have never seen before , Cristen Coppen , who plays Pat . She has to be my favorite she is super funny , natural , and just gorgeous . Henry Thomas as always knocks it out of the park as usual . SO to all horror fans and people looking for a fun entertaining movie I suggest you get this its like nothing you have ever seen .
 I had the pleasure of seeing `` Red Velvet '' about 2 years ago at a special screening and it impressed the butt off of me . It takes the typical slasher film and dissects it in a way that makes it fresh and new . This films is for those who say `` there are no original horror films anymore '' . This one is very original , very unique , very well acted , written and directed . Most of all , it 's fun . Highly recommended .
 Brilliance can not underestimate what Red Velvet has in store for you . I could write for days on how brilliant it was even when it came down to the dastardly disturbing Deaths , but doing that would bring UN-justice to this beautiful piece of horror art . Red Velvet brings you into a realm of Horror that co-insides with such great artist such as Sam Rami -LRB- Evil Dead -RRB- . This is a movie that even the most fearful horror movie on goer can enjoy . just do n't forget your pink tool belt .
 First off , Mia , Mia , Mia ... She was never at the top of my list until now . She plays coy and seductive and friendly and warm so very well . I 'm glad she was multi-dimensional in this film.Honestly , I was n't sure what to make of this film from the initial description . It looked like just another one of those romantic-styled comedies that are more run-of-the-mill than interesting . ACCORDING TO SPENCER was an extremely pleasant surprise . I 'm glad that my intuition took over and forced me to watch this film because it has quickly become one of my favorites . It 's become like `` comfort food '' because I think we 've all been in Spencer 's place at one point or another.In other words ... I highly recommend this film for its ingenuity , uniqueness -LRB- dude ... seriously ... the roommates !!!! -RRB- , and warmth . It wo n't change your life , but it will put a constant smile on your face for hours and hours .
 This was a good rental . I love the cast , which is why I rented this in the first place and I have to say , I was n't disappointed
 I love those two guy who played the roommates and Jesse Bradford is gorgeous !
 Ordered the movie last night on VOD for Time Warner . The movie is very well made and enjoyable for me who 's not even into Romantic Comedies . It 's different from the rest and shows culture between the countries very well . A + for me .
 The writing
 Loved being able to go see a movie with my teens . They enjoyed the movie just as much as I did . There are some very talented actors in this movie and I am sure we will see them in future films . If you enjoy light , funny romantic comedies ... . it is a must see !
 All about being true to thy self . Not crazy about the girl silently taking him away . But loved the movie
 Not many movies made today that are enjoyable and can be seen by all ages ... Enjoyed seeing India with all its vibrant colors and music . . highly recommend for all
 I saw the film in AMC theaters and would recommend it to everyone . When Harry Tries To Marry is a story of a young man 's journey to find his true love . Rather than risk his heart , he decides to follow the traditional route of getting an arranged marriage . Clearly , life is n't so simple and Harry has to figure out whether he 's ready for a lifelong commitment with a person he barely knows.The film is colorful and vibrant and takes us on a fun ride between cultures . The latter scenes in India boast a sense of beauty & tradition that we rarely see in films nowadays . By the end , you will be wanting more and coming back with friends .
 first off , I would like to say this from a viewer of independent movies globally.If you are like me , always open to opportunities to experience a foriegn movie and its esoteric symbologies and creative spirit , this is a movie to have for your collective collection.that said , I genuinely was moved by the capacity in which such a movie by M.R. can have in captivating for me these trying times in which your dreams are probably the last freedom you may have in the Western traditional culture.cultivate an open dialogue with yourself after viewing this magnificent portayal of human bonding and sacrifice , and add to the response that I hope will follow in the reviews . it is a gem of the alchemist . a transforming microcosm of drama , and the human drama of Love , Life and the pursuit of happiness .
 I liked the -LRB- at first claustrophobic portions -RRB- of the film . Fundamentals of coexistence and people with strong personalities keep this film colorfull . The strong character that plays the captain could be wright or wrong in many senses and that 's what is left up to the viewer to decide or not to decide to take sides when experiencing just about every single characters motives in this film .
 Like most fans of this underappreciated make up genius , we 're all been looking for an elaborate documentary on the man behind the monsters . Jack Pierce the creator of The Frankenstein Monster , The Mummy and The Wolf Man , and countless others is often overlooked by those outside the `` monster club '' in which I 'm a proud member of.I 've had some contact by mail in the past with Mr. Essman and have found him to be a sincere person who truly loves this stuff as much as I do . This DVD is n't going to be the end all for those clambering for the definitive Jack Pierce documentary , but it does shed some light on his life both fortunate and tragic.The DVD 's main portion is an one time only show with actors portraying his various creations and his associates through out his life . I wish I could say that it is all good , for it is not . The good stuff , great recreations of his monsters on atmospheric sets , the bad ... well the acting is a bit over the top and amateurish . I do n't mean to be harsh , but I 've worked in theater and these actors are just laying it on way too thick.The DVD also has some cool little extras , such as a Jack Pierce time line of his life and accomplishments , Trailer for the DVD with Bob Burns showing off one of his and last surviving Pierce mask of the Mummy , some stills , short making of feature-ette and a few more trinkets.Overall I would give this production a 3 star rating because I know all involved must care about the material and man who created the most memorable monsters of all time and never got his due ... can you believe Universal fired this guy !??? What a bunch of ungrateful % $ # @ ! yep I said it!Why did I give this 5 stars , when I stated it was a 3 star production ? , ... well that is because someone gave this a very unjust 1 star rating because it was n't what they thought it would be ... next time , find out what you 're buying before you click `` add to cart '' . ; - b
 This is a wonderful documentary that not only tells a beautiful story about artist Aljeandro Santiago , but gives perspective on what happens to a town when a majority of its villagers have left . If you are of Mexican heritage or interested in Mexican culture , art , immigration and/or documentaries , this is highly recommended !
 What a challenging and emotional project this must have been . I feel very lucky to have seen this at all . Viva Mexico !!
 This is absolutely is by far the best film about clay migrant statues ever made !!!
 I 've always been a fan of Erika Eleniak since her Playboy and Baywatch days . I think overall , her best movie is Chasers with Tom Berenger . This movie is n't bad . It 's got a complex plot and an ending that maybe Hitchcock would have dreamed up sooner or later . In fact i gave it 4 stars for the twist at the end.Erika sadly shows no ` flesh ' in this flick but like i said , it 's a pretty decent story .
 I love all of the old John Wayne westerns from the 1930s . Sure , they all have basically the same plot , the same actors , and the same locations and settings , but they are good , clean fun wherein good always prevails over evil . In this particular case , the frontier is lawless because of the ruthless , murdering , cattle-rustling , half white/half Apache `` Mexican '' Pandro Zanti -LRB- Earl Dwire -RRB- and his gang of desperadoes . Zanti kills the father of John Tobin -LRB- John Wayne -RRB- and then sets his sights on the lovely Ruby -LRB- Sheila Terry -RRB- , whose grandfather Dusty -LRB- Gabby Hayes -RRB- naturally has to be dealt with . Dusty tricks the bad guys and manages to get Ruby to town , meeting up with Tobin along the way . As is usually the case , the sheriff is either crooked or incompetent or both , and Tobin 's efforts to get his hands on Zanti to avenge his father 's death and save Ruby are needlessly complicated by the sheriff 's arrest of him for a crime he did n't commit . While I did enjoy this movie a great deal , it did feature just a few too many lucky coincidences for my liking , able horse riders suddenly falling off their horses at the most opportune of times being only one example . You would also think that someone would go back to check on a `` dead '' man within a day or two after his `` murder . '' The ending is a little hokey , but all in all this is your basic John Wayne saves the day movie . Unlike some other Lone Star Productions films from this era , this 1935 film looks and sounds its age at times , but the video and sound are certainly sufficient to allow an enjoyable movie experience to those hankering to see John Wayne in his early days .
 Grease 1 was an oustanding movie , but Grease 2 was also an expectacular 2nd part ... The T-Birds , the english & well educated new guy that became the best biker in town , the Celebration at the end of the movie ... the Music ... !!! no words to describe this sensational film ... A MUST SEE ... !
 An oldie but a goodie . Fun with kids especially in the summer . Great to sing along . No mature material as seen in original Grease .
 The product I ordered came on time and in great condition . THANK YOU !!! I have had some trouble with other orders so this was a nice change .
 I loved the movie Grease as a little girl ! My sister , me and my friends used to re-enact the whole movie . Now I am delighted to see my 4 yr . old daughter loves it just as much ! Grease 1 will always br my favorite . Grease 2 is okay - not sure Michelle Pfeiffer was the best pick for the lead of Sandy though . Did n't care for her singing ...
 My 10 year old daughter has just discovered Grease - she absolutely loves them just like I did when the 1st one came out way back when . Great family movie !!
 Awesome !!! The movies were in great condition ! My kids cant stop watching them .
 My daughter 's favorite movies together , could n't ask for anything better . She is happy and that makes mom happy ... !
 Excellent digital sound and remastered videoes . Crisp , sharp , a pleasure to watch and listen . John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John in `` Grease '' were at the top of their game , dancing , singing , romancing . Fun!The other actors in Grease gave steller performances , and in most instances , they still do in movies and TV shows.However , `` Grease 2 '' did n't capture the magic of `` Grease . '' A mediocre film , with mediocre ... well , you get the idea .
 Good movie . The coloring & voices are all good ; characters are good looking . Keeps a person interested . Good movie to watch .
 I bought this dvd twin pack , because it was exactly that a twin pack . Of course every place has the first Grease dvd , but none had the second one , and I 'm obsessed with buying DVD movies together as a packae when i can . i also liked the movies .
 My older sister-in-law wanted Grease and we thought that the set would be the best way to satisfy her craving for high school musicals .
 Both of these movies are simply fantastic , they are complete classics that will never get old ! I definitly recommend all movie & music lovers purchase this !
 We love this movie . We got both now and when we feel like reliving something we grew up on we pop it in and sit back and relax .
 I love this movie . The premise is cheesy but I think I like it better than the original . Definitely worth a watch !
 I ordered this 4 my adult daughter 4 her Christmas/Birthday present and she was more than happy that she got what she wanted 4 her 26th birthday !
 I LOVE that these are sold together . This was a great present for my fiance 's sister . She was so excited !
 Good service . This will be such a thrill for my grand daughter . She wore the VHS version ouot years ago
 Always a winner ! Great and fun movie ! Takes you back in time ! Enjoyable by all who sees it ! Will watch it again and again !
 I am a huge fan of Grease and Grease 2 . I just introduced my kids to the movies and we had a fun night watching the movies .
 Ordered this for a coworker for an xmas present about 2 weeks before xmas . Waited on it to arrive but it never did . Emailed amazon and they shipped out another set that I was able to get before xmas and give to my coworker . Awesome customer service . She really enjoyed the present .
 Great movies for my older grandaughters - similar to High School MusicalGreat service and price
 Bought it as a gift for my neice who asked , no -- begged for it . LOL I guess this movie and it 's sequel really does hold up through the test of time ...
 I do n't personally have a clue about these - these were a gift for my wife . She likes them , so everyone is happy .
 Good price . Prompt delivery . Excellent condition . As always !
 I already have the United Kingdom DVD 's of Grease and Grease 2 but when I saw them as a two-pack I thought I must get them as Grease is a different version than the UK one.Grease is one of my favourite musical films ever which was released in 1978 . I love Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta and the love story storyline and of course the fantastic soundtrack including Summer Nights , You 're The One That I Want , Sandy and Greased Lightnin ' . It brings back so many fantastic memories of my childhood as I was only -LSB- ... -RSB- at the time.Grease 2 was released in 1982 and all though it is not up to the standard of the Grease storyline it is a great movie in it 's own right and did n't get the recognition it deserved . Maxwell Caulfield , Michelle Pfeiffer and Adrian Zmed star in this very funny love story . It has a great soundtrack with songs such as Reproduction and We 'll Be Together.If you like musical films then Grease and Grease 2 are the ones you should have in your DVD collection . Also the soundtracks to Grease and Grease 2 are a must have for your CD collection to .
 If you are looking for an upbeat video with great music this is the video for you . This is a never get tired no matter how many times you watch it video . Definitely a repeater to watch and ... The more you watch ... beware ... because you will eventually sing along with these classic movie musicals . Never boring , funny and entertaining . I have been watching this collection for years with my kids , who are grown up now ... and we 're still watching the collection . It 's always like the first time no matter how many times we see it . Highly recommended .
 this is the best movie ever whether you own it or are just renting , I have never seen a better movie in my entire life ... plus Maxwell Caulfield is such a babe
 Never a fan of the original Grease , this one is a longtime favorite . I love the music , the story , and acting . Give this a couple tries and you 'll be hooked , wish a couple parts were out like the reproduction song , but every move has one or two parts that are not needed . Highly recommend ! Mitchell Pfeiffer does a great job and leads me to recommend another classic of hers - Ladyhawk .
 I had watched both movies as a young child and when I saw this double pack had to purchase it . The music from both easily gets stuck in you head . I doubt either needs a synopsis as they are movie classics to most of us but ... : Rydell High is the home to two groups which are home to the coolest kids in school - The T-Birds and the Pink Ladies . In the first movie a summer romance between the leader of the T-Birds and an Australian blonde causes a shift in the subtle flow of the senior class of Rydell . Is it better to be the all American jock to keep Sandy or to stay a member of the T-Birds ? is a question he will have to answer . In the second movie 2 years later Sandy 's cousin moves here from England and begins his own senior year at Rydell . Something of a brainiac he does n't quite fit in but that does n't stop him for falling for one of the Pink Ladies .
 I love both Grease movies and this is a great deal to add both to my collection ! They are classics !
 Terrible move , but a trashy classic . If you already own a bootleg CD of Carrie , the Musical , then you must have Grease 2 .
 I AM A FAN OF MUSICALS AND DANCE MOVIES BECAUSE THEY ARE FUN AND MAKES YOU WANT TO GET UP AND DANCE AND SING AND THE MOVIES HAVE A GREAT CAST . IF YOU ARE A MUSICAL DANCE FAN THEN THIS MOVIE IS FOR YOU . THESE MOVIES IS FOR EVERY GENERATION TO COME . HOPE YOU CONSIDER THE MOVIES .
 We Go Together Two-Pack -LRB- Grease / Grease 2 -RRB- ... good deal . My daughter has been watching these movies that I introduce her to and she loves Grease 1 . I love both Grease / Grease 2 . We were singing and dancing love it ! I miss movies like this !
 Okay , so I rented this movie thinking I was going to see a good killer/cop revenge story but WOW ... its so much more !! If you liked movies like Lady Vengeance , Old Boy , and etc. . Then this is right up your alley . It 's very graphic and violent -LRB- which is to be expected -RRB- but I even had to cringe at certain parts . However , to me it just goes with the story and helps depict the inevitable cost of revenge and the road ones goes down to get there.Needless to say Awesome movie , had me going `` oh my gah '' over and over . I 've always been a fan of Byung-hun Lee -LRB- < 3 -RRB- & Min-sik Choi -LRB- < 3 his acting -RRB- , so this movie just increased my adoration for their works.If your on the fence about watching ... let me just give you a push ... go on rent it !!!
 This is a really good movie . I was kind of leaning towards not watching it because the plot of it did n't sound like it could be good . I 'm glad I changed my mind and gave it a chance . This is a grade A action pack thriller . There is barely a dull moment in the whole movie . If you buy it you wo n't be disappointed . A few asian movies have started to catch my attention the last few years , this movie and chaser are worth their money . I give it five stars it 's worth buying .
 I was n't a big fan of Kim Jee-Woon 's other movies , but this is just perfect . Unlike Tale of Two Sisters and Good Bad and the Weird , this was not written by Kim , and it is a MUCH strong film for it . He 's an amazing director , and working with someone else 's story really allowed him to shine here , I think . Totally compelling .
 Let me state this right off the bat ... this film is not for everyone . It is over the top , gory and intense . This is what makes it so great . This is a serial killer film like no other . This is a straight revenge film and it is fantastic . It is two hours and forty five minutes of bad road , NONESTOP edged of ur seat , A roller coaster of brutality . The film is Taken meets Se7en and Silence of the Lambs . A special agent 's fiance is murdered . He takes two weeks off to hunt every suspect down until he finds out who did it . He finds him quickly which is the first way this film deviates off the norm . He beats him up and makes him swallow a GPS tracker and spends the rest of the movie interrupting his kills and beating him within an inch of his life but then things get interesting . I wo n't spoil what happens but it is unnerving and horrific . There is a lot going on . It is action-packed , grotesque , scary , funny and this director is working at the top of his game.Good looking young Korean CAST , CLEVER script with Real GOOD Special Effects >> > Ihighly recommend ! B+T he only thing real upset me . The BLU-ray release . . It is 16by9 format NOT wide screen for someone like me has Screen room is a BIG let down & Unusual for Blu-ray format on theater released movie !
 This crime/horror thriller packs one mean punch!it shows what happens to a human being when they do n't grieve and reflect the loss of a loved one after a tragedy . The villain is a predator who keeps on causing chaos without understanding the consequence he soon will face.The director takes us on one very brutal and nasty journey to redemption , if this is what you want to call it ! once again , I wish the U.S. would step their game up when it comes to crime thrillers like this one . the film ask the question how far would you go to receive or administer justice without getting as dirty or bloody as the person you are pursuing , you have to question who the devil really is after viewing this crime masterpiece . another keeper !
 If you like blood and gore this is the movie for you ! The subtitles and action will keep you guessing .
 GREAT movie !!! Lee Byung-hun and Choi Man-sik are incredible !!! Be forewarned , this is not a film for the squeamish , everyone else , enjoy at your own risk !!!
 I originally saw this movie at a friend 's house in Korea . When I got home to the US , I wanted to show it to my family , so I bought the Unrated Blu Ray version , but it seems to be missing a really awkward sex scene between Choi Min-Sik and the girl at the cannibal 's house . I do n't know what version I saw in Korea , and I 've looked into it and have n't really found anything mentioning a missing sex scene , only missing scenes of violence . Anyway , this is just fyi , as the film is still quite good , even with the missing scene .
 I am branching out into Asian directors to broaden my movie watching . I could not have picked a better film as the premise behind it is unique . Would I watch it again ? Yes , I have already seen it twice .
 I Saw The Devil is just perfect :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D : D
 A snowy day and car trouble , young lovers talking on the phone waiting for a tow truck to arrive ; nothing seemingly wrong in the world . A woman inside the car talking , a man on the other side trying to find a place to proclaim his love by singing little pieces especially for her . Then a man arrives and offers help she refuses , but help is not the thing he wants to give . This is the way things start , and the emotions that come from it seem like the ones that you would expect - and first . The thing is that there is something more there , little pieces amongst the broken life - or lives - as the movie continues to play out , showing the viewing audience that there is more to life than an emotion that burns like the brightest candle in the sky . `` Revenge is only for movies . '' It seems a power thing , looking back now.What we have here , on some levels , is a revenge tale . From the beginning you can see where the movie is going with that , and the movie is powerful in its portrayal of what revenge actually means . I like the fact that the movie is graphic , thinking that movies should be in a lot of cases , because life is n't something that people should forget . When a person dies there is suffering , and that light going out is grasped at by so many . The struggling , the horror , the motion , the blood ; it is all proof that this commodity is something we cherish . Leaving that out makes it almost dismissive , lending negligible to the notion that not showing something somehow erases the fact that a person is still dead . So , the ultra-violence works for me.On another level , the violence saw something about the characters . When we see the person doing this , he sometimes strikes you as a person that you want to love to hate . His friends are monsters as well , and the world he has around him is something out of a nightmare . To get thta across you develop a world where our lead is thrust into it , and the level he goes to is something shocking . As he is told , do n't become a monster to fight a monster . Still , judging from the one breakdown he really has , the revenge is only an application that holds him together like some sort of emotive glue.The landscape of the movie , from the physical to the emotional , can be gritty or beautiful or moving at times . I noticed the darkness in places that were both human and elemental , and I saw some blank features in both the features of man and mountain alike . I actually liked the fact that our main character seemed that way at first , allowing him to seem like a mechanical beast thriving on hurting someone . You can see the why later and see what he loves later , but he conceals it and needs to hide it all . The other side of the spectrum , the monster of a man , is equally impressive on display . From the way he is to the way he feels when you see him , you know the thing . You loathe it and you want it to suffer , but the game it is involved in seems suited to it . I personally enjoyed that.As far as story , there are parts you know and there are turns you wont . It is lovely in that right when you look at it after the fact , knowing that it was surprising in ways and still driving along a old route . We all know the revenge film and we can imagine the gore that can come . what is interesting is sometimes not the how but the why or even the way items turn out of control Without the spinning , these worlds never seem to turn as suddenly.I loved the watch - it kept me on my seat and responding . I felt drawn in by the story , wanting what the character wanted in a way , understanding that plight . The idea hurt , why would it not , and that makes it connective . At the same time it said more on the matter , with some moments seemingly too dark or too deep and reminding us of the place this takes a person . All in all I thought it was 5/5 material , and it was rewatchable . Note that gore is way up there , and I cringed sometimes and do n't normally do that . Being raised on horror sometimes takes the shock out of it , but this still had a feeling to it . note that and note the subtitles and you are set . Thanks for your time .
 Kim Ji Won directed this serial killer story of murder and revenge which is served frozen and has enough scenes to send chills down your spine . The story is about a serial killer Kyung Chol -LRB- Min-sik Choi -RRB- who murders the daughter of a retired police commissioner and pregnant fianc&eacute; of special agent Soo-hyun -LRB- Byung Hun -RRB- . The special agent finds the serial killer and beats him up senselessly but not killing him , instead he implants a tracking device which would enable him to locate his whereabouts . So every time this serial killer is about to kill someone , the fianc&eacute; reaches the scene and not only stops the killing but keeps on ratcheting the beatings on the serial killer . The cat and mouse game is what makes this movie engaging and also features some of the most brutal scenes of violence and torture that I have seen in a long time . For example , just how many times can someone be beaten on the forehead with random objects before they are knocked down senseless or how about ripping someone 's jaw with your bare hands ? The lunatic nature of the serial killer and the single mindedness of the cop are what drive the entertainment . The many conversations , confrontation that they have at various points are worth watching and superbly filmed . The film could have simply become one of the spatter movies but the direction , story , the visual treatment , camera work , drama and the fine acting make this film a worth watch . I strongly recommend this film however some film may find the mutilation , excretion , cannibalism too much to handle for those I suggest keeping a bucket nearby . 4 stars . 6/12/11
 As other reviewers have noted , this is a brutally violent movie . As nifty as the plot might be , those of a more delicate constitution might be put off.Here 's the scoop . A young woman in a stranded car is kidnapped , raped and sadistically murdered by a serial killer . Her fiance tracks him down , inserts a tracking device in him and visits him at regular intervals to inflict torturous pain on him . Of course things do n't go quite according to plan for the fiance so he is forced to improvise.The only movie I 've seen that is this upchuckingly gruesome is ` Martyrs . ' This is only a tad more tolerable in that most of the pain is inflicted on a really bad person . It IS difficult to watch just the same . What helps is the plotting . As I 've noted in other reviews of Korean movies is how they are able to take common genres or plots and spin them in a fresh way . There are turns that occur in this movie that you will not see coming . I just kept wondering where it was going to go next.The directing , acting and all other production values are top shelf . Some felt the near two and a half hour running time was a bit too long but it did n't bother me in the least . The plot kept turning so I was in for the long haul.If you like crime thrillers this is right up there with the best , though it might be wise to not be eating while watching it .
 This film is definitely not for everybody . The extreme violence and depravity on showcase here will immediately turn off some viewers . For those that can stand it though , this film offers a deep and moving meditation on revenge that transcends the shocking violence it contains.The initial story is pretty straightforward . The introductory scene involves a woman who is stranded with a flat tire , and is then confronted and killed by a murderous passerby . Things get interesting when the husband of the killed woman sets off to exact revenge on the killer in his own unique way . All I will say is that things get very messy ... and very interesting.The film aims to show the treacherous road that must be travelled when seeking revenge . It succeeds because it shows how someone consumed with anger and vengeance , can become as evil as the very thing they are opposing.If I had to compare this film for recommendation purposes ... I 'd say if you saw Old Boy and enjoyed it , you 'll probably like this . The lead actor from Old Boy also plays the villian in this film , and he is truly haunting in his role.As a sidenote , the film is shot beautifully ... and really pops in Blu Ray . If you have a Blu Ray player , this is a definite buy .4.5 / 5
 I Saw The Devil was Beautifully shot and scored.Gory yet not gratuitously so , every scene was essential to the film.I am in love with this movie.Byung-hun Lee and Min-sik Choi are amazing in there roles.I do n't want to say too much because before I watched it I read a long drawn out analytic review and it hindered my viewing a bit.Bottom line , ' I saw The Devil ' is a cleverly written , heart pounding yet heart tugging revenge thriller that takes everything a step further as the two men involved try and one up each other.The climax is one you soon will not forget , Brilliant in every way possible.I just bought the Blu Ray and it 's even more gorgeous in HD , the behind the scenes look or the making of was pretty well done in the extras and there were also deleted scenes .
 This is the first review that I 've EVER done on Amazon . However , this movie is so great that I simply could not help myself . I Saw The Devil is a fantastic , suspenseful , griping and superbly acted film . It 's a movie that , long after you watch it , will stay with you forever.If you 're reading reviews on here wanting to know if you should buy this or not ... DO IT.I blind-bought this gem and was incredibly happy that I did.The transfer is fantastic and the sound is amazing . Add this to your Blu-Ray collection RIGHT NOW !
 If you liked `` The Vengeance Trilogy '' -LRB- Oldboy , Lady Vengeance and Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance -RRB- from The Korean Master Filmmaker Park Chan-wook , you gon na love this from another Korean Director Jee-woon Kim -LRB- A Tale of Two Sisters -RRB- this is a Brutal , bloody drama revenge film about a serial killer that murders the wife of a Skilled Special Agent and he hunt him down for revenge in a particular way that i wont tell but he makes a one of a kind type of `` Revenge '' its a well paced movie and you will hate the bad guy at first but at second to third act you gon na ask yourself
 Very few horror movies , especially nowadays , really get to me . By get to me , I mean that I can carry the movie in my heart even when it is over . I truly feel for both the pain of the main character and I carried it with me once I saw the credits . It really stuck with me . Now , the story I think is a masterpiece . It does n't use loud music and is n't `` over done '' . It is in your face but very quiet . This review is hard to write without giving it away . I was at the edge of my seat -LRB- couch in this case -RRB- the entire movie . I immediately bought it after watching it just so I could watch it whenever I choose . Granted , I am a horror movie fanatic and can be very judgemental over what is produced nowadays . This movie is truly a must see and really shows that good , no great horror movies can be made even today . I will say I was a little disappointed at the end but not the kind of disappointed that would ruin the movie . I was disappointed that he did n't do things the way I would have lol . Not a good enough reason not to watch the movie . Fantastic movie if you truly appreciate a beautiful combination of story and horror .
 I found this on Amazon prime and noticed all the high reviews . It is the best movie Ive seen this year . I noticed a lot of reviews mention the gore . I am NOT a fan of gore or torture-porn movies like Saw and so forth . The few bloody scenes in this film had a point to them unlike most horror movies today.The acting was fantastic . Well written , well filmed . The scenes and sets are well set up . The actor playing the killer , well the main killer , does a great job pretending to be nice in order to lure in victims then turns vicious once under his control.Ive since watched several additional Korean movies because of I Saw the Devil .
 At first , I had mixed reviews and was going to give this movie only 3 stars because I was n't expecting it to be so graphic . But then I changed my mind and gave I Saw the Devil 4 stars because it is supposed to be a horror film . It 's mainly a slasher thriller but it does both very well.I do n't like slasher films like Friday the 13th and similar movies so I did n't enjoy this one as much as others might . But I have to admit that the film is very well done and the acting is great . The person who plays the psycho does an excellent job . The young cop is good too but there is n't much character development . It 's like a Charles Bronson movie - Death Wish - on steroids . If that 's your type of movie , you will love this one . If , however , you do n't like blood and guts , you should definitely pass on this one .
 < strong > I Saw the Devil < / strong > -LRB- Jee-woon Kim , 2010 -RRB- Violence for violence 's sake is relatively common in movies these days , but it 's been a while -LRB- five years , to be precise -RRB- since I 've trekked to the theater and seen a film that embraces the concept on the big screen . When you 're used to your 32 '' TV screen -LRB- or substantially smaller computer monitor -RRB- as a delivery vehicle for films , you sometimes forget how much more vast everything seems in glorious 35mm , with surround-sound and all that sort of thing . Thus , < em > I Saw the Devil < / em > came as a bit of a shock to me ; I probably flinched more times during this film than I have during ... well , I ca n't remember flinching this many times at < em > any < / em > movie , ever , though I rush to add this is solely as a result of the big-screen treatment I got -LRB- I will warn you , folks , there 's one scene -- and it 's early in the film -- that will make almost any male watching flinch -RRB- . It is an unrestrained orgy of violence , this movie is , and Kim revels in every spatter of blood , every vicious act . Because of that , of course , everything I say below should have an understood `` if you like that sort of thing '' tacked onto it . Now , do n't get me wrong , < em > I Saw the Devil < / em > is not your tired old torture porn flick . Instead , this is another tried old subgenre -- the revenge thriller -- given a retread . I was put in mind more than once of < em > Death Wish < / em > while watching this . Unfortunately , that is to < em > I Saw the Devil < / em > 's detriment , for reasons we 'll go into presently.Plot
 What are you waiting for ? rent or buy this todayit is too badass to put into words . . and I would not want to spoil anything . .
 This is a really good movie ! It is Korean and subtitled in English . I almost turned it off , but after a couple of minutes I found out it is a great movie .
 I couldnt see some parts of the movies because was too graphic . It is a good movie , it shows how insanity is beyond our comprenhension .
 Ya there were some silly plot twists that could have turned this into a 15 minute short . But who cares.What you get here is a action packed revenge thriller that really delivers . Not quite as intense as I Spit on your Grave -LRB- the remake -RRB- but almost on par as Taken -LRB- Hard extended cut -RRB- . For fans of brutal movies that rely on plot , action and violence .
 Came when it was supposed to , packaged nice , perfect condition . I was so excited when it came in the mail haha
 This movie is Written , Directed , and acted VERY WELL . I LOVE IT ! Recommending it to everyone I know . It just moved into my TOP 5 movies of all time .
 This movie is totally and completely amazing ! Byung-hun Lee and Min-Sik Choi are brilliant . I have seen them both in different movies and they were pretty good . Seeing the both of them in I Saw the Devil was a completely different experience . If you havent ' seen this yet then you are missing out . You need to watch this movie .
 The soundtrack starts out like this is a cheap Italian movie . It gets better.The movie starts out with a woman stranded on a highway in the snow . She has a wrecker coming and is talking on her cell to her husband , a secret agent who watches Liam Neeson films . He is also conducting business . At one point he excuses himself to go to the restroom so he can sing to her on the phone . The next thing you know she is bludgeoned and dragged to a location where she is stripped and chained . The man does n't torture her , just simply kills her . We find out that not only is he a psycho , but generally socially dysfunctional.Her husband takes a leave from work and goes and plays `` Dirty Harry '' on every Korean pervert until he finds the killer in the act of raping a girl . Apparently the killer disrobes , rapes and then murders his victims , although he kills men too . He stops the rape and beats up the killer , but lets him go . The killer now has a bug and tracking device on him . Our Korean Dirty Harry is able to follow him around . When the killer/rapist is in the middle of an act , our Korean Dirty Harry shows up , beats the guys up and cuts on him . He is now wearing a soccer jersey so he can claim he got his wounds playing soccer in order to get medical attention , perhaps intended as a joke.Nudity and rape , although the rape scenes are far less graphic than our 70 's films . The translation was rather smooth and kudos for some originality .
 this movie is truly the best revenge movie i ever saw . it had me anxious the whole time watching it , waiting to see what happens next . if u can handle the gore , u can check this out . watch a hero almost become a borderline villain in his quest for vengeance .
 Ji-woon Kim directs the aptly titled vengeance tale I Saw the Devil . The two main characters learn about the devil in themselves by looking at one another.Kyung-Chul -LRB- Min-sik Choi -RRB- murders women . Resilient and wily , he is also so insane that he is almost hapless in his understanding of the world . One winter 's night , he butchers Joo-Yeon -LRB- San-Ha Oh -RRB- , a young woman who is pregnant by her fiance Kim Soo-hyeon -LRB- Byung-hun Lee -RRB- . Joo-Yeon 's detective father feels guilty for not being able to protect his own daughter , but he tries to be thankful for at least finding her dismembered body . He and his other daughter find space in their grief to worry about Soo-hyeon . A skilled special agent , Soo-hyeon takes it upon himself to find the killer . We follow both Soo-hyeon and Kyung-Chul as the former brutalizes suspects and the latter prowls for more victims . When Soo-hyeon finds Kyung-Chul , he abuses him to near death before pulling back and leaving him money . With the help of an implanted tracking device and microphone , Soo-hyeon later finds Kyung-Chul so he can repeat the torture.Kyung-Chul mentions his strange stalker to an equally mad friend , who points out that his pursuer is enjoying the hunt in the same way they do . Kyung-Chul contemplates this and begins to enjoy his and Soo-hyeon 's symbiotic relationship . Soo-hyeon 's sister-in-law tells him that there is no meaning in taking revenge on a crazy man . Soo-hyeon claims there is , and the audience wonders when he will deem the punishment complete.Touches of ironic humor are sprinkled throughout the film . The deranged killer calls others `` crazy retards '' or `` psychos . '' One scene shows his reluctance to get into a taxi after he has lured so many women into his vehicle.For those who do n't love gore , this film is nauseatingly violent . The protagonist 's brutality is shown more graphically than the criminals ' . Due to excessive blood-letting and lingering shots on defenseless women , the message that retribution calls forth an unwelcome monster is difficult to take seriously . However , the film 's final minutes are chilling . The grisly action pauses long enough for us to witness what is within the two men . I Saw the Devil 's harrowing conclusion powerfully examines the pointlessness of sadism .
 I am a fan of Jee-woon Kim 's past movies , but this movie tops them all !!! This story is full of suspense , and heart pounding action and horror . The cat and mouse premise is directed perfectly on the screen ! Every time you think the movie is going to end it takes another detour allowing the viewer a total of 141 minutes of viewing pleasure . This is the type of movie that when you start watching it you do n't want it to end . One of my favorite scenes is when the antagonist is picked up in the cab , that scene was visually insane ! I Saw the Devil is a great movie and shows that South Korea has not skipped a beat when it comes to delivering powerful movies ! If i had to describe this movie I would say a cross betweenOldboy Meets No Country For Oldmen on crack !!!!!! I highly recommend seeing this movie !!!! A + + + + + + + + +
 This movie holds nothing back and comes out swinging hard like really hard ... It has that horror element to it just to set the mood in and the cat and mouse game is exhilarating ... The lead actors in this movie are perfect , great acting and just brutal torture That will beat on your soul . . GO WATCH THIS NOW IF YOU LIKE KOREAN MOVIES AND BADASS HORROR FILMS !!!
 As Im sure alot of people are also very bored with the lack of GOOD horror movies that have been coming out in the past few years , I decided to give this movie a shot since it had decent reviews.I have to say , I really enjoyed this movie . When it comes to movies , especially horror movies , Im pretty picky.Theres something about asian film makers , they know exactly how to pull you in and get you hooked.I would most certainly recommend this movie !
 First of there is no revenge film like a Korean revenge film . This movie does n't shy away from any of the disgusting horrible things it brings up . It examines the concepts of good and evil people as well as the idea of when revenge turns someone good into the thing they are fighting . Amazing performances , Min-Sik Choi delivers a performance I 'll never forget . This movie will push your boundaries and make you question when would you stop if you were taking revenge ? Amazing in every way , acting , directing , art , style , dialogue , even sound quality , this movie is a must own for anyone who is looking to push themselves that extra mile into the darkness of the human heart .
 I 'm not sure if I think this movie was completely over the top or not . I spent most of it with my eyes covered , asking `` Is it over yet ? Can I watch now ? '' Because it does get a bit bloody . Fair warning.The MC 's fiancee is taken by a serial killer while stuck on a mountain road after she 's had a tire blow out . He brutally kills her -- and if you ca n't stand that first starting scene , you definitely wo n't be able to make it through the rest of this.A great revenge story combined with very unique characters makes this movie great . But I probably wo n't watch it again because it was just too bloody and brutal . Probably a one-time watch for most people .
 Like his previous film , the Action/Western rompThe Good , the Bad , the Weird , Ji-woon Kim 's `` I Saw the Devil '' leaves me feeling that I saw an almost-but-not-quite great film that just dragged the story out a bit too long . Still , it puts most American vengeance films to shame with its commitment to the theme and the extremes to which it is taken .
 Koreans always portrays the dark side of human nature magnificently . Their movies always contains a level of conflict in its true sense . But relax this movie is not about it . It is just a plain simple revenge and inflicting maximum pain to the villian . Both guys are smart and like to downplay eachother.Devil played both sides in this movie . Both wrong and incorrect . Both sides suffering and nothing changes in the end . There is no solace for anyone . As usual movie has a sadistic end but you have to accept it as that is what is happening around us .
 I first saw this and was blown away with the story-line . It had its moments where the story kind of faded but overall it made me a fan and wanted to watch more and Korean made movies ! Lee Byung-hun is now my all time favorite Asian actor ! I saw The Good , the Bad and the Weird and did not realize he was my favorite there too . His acting is amazing ! Who knew he was the best thing in G.I Joe too !! The quality of the acting and stories are starting to overshadow Hollywood ! This is a must-see !! I really give this a 41/2 stars .
 This is a movie that blew me away . Korea makes some kick ass movies . This will not disappoint . Very good blu ray at 1080p / 24 and it hooks ya after the first 3 minutes . StarringLee Byung-hun -LRB- A bittersweet Life and The Good , The Bad , The Weird -RRB- gives a superb performance !! Choi Min-sik -LRB- Shiri , Oldboy , Lady Vengeance -RRB- is a great actor and anything he 's in is gold!If you like Park Hoon-Jung movies . This is the movie for you . In my personal opinion , his masterpiece !! Buy it !!
 A brilliant film . Very well acted with great performances by the cast . A treasured addition to my foreign film collection ! Great customer service also !
 The Korean film industry continues to grow -LRB- see `` The Man from Nowhere '' -RRB- as has it 's other Asian counterparts . Well written , well acted , well directed and scripted and filmed . Admittedly a bit horrific but you can always close your eyes . Has the visual impact of the SAW series with better formed plot twists and emotional elements . Yet another example , with the exception of perhaps creative driven Apple , of America losing the edge in all fields of business/technology and of course the Hollywood/NY stuck in a redundant rut film industry .
 Over the last couple years , it seems that some of my absolute new favorite films have come from Magnet/Magnolia . Let the Right One In , Timecrimes , Black Death , Hobo with a Shotgun , etc. ; most of which have ranged from original to flat out brilliant . I Saw the Devil winds up being both , as well as being a shockingly brutal portrait of the perils of seeking revenge . Byung-hun Lee -LRB- better known to American audiences as Storm Shadow from the G.I. Joe movie -RRB- stars as a Korean secret agent who proceeds to administer repeated rounds of brutal revenge against the psychotic murderer -LRB- Min-sik Choi from Oldboy -RRB- of his fianc&eacute;e . Implanting him with a tracking device and following him around delivering some flat out brutal punishment , it is n't long before our hero learns that not only has he underestimated his opponent , but that he himself is headed down a very dark road . I Saw the Devil is shocking , graphic , and incredibly gripping from beginning to end . Even though it clocks in at just under two and a half hours , it does n't feel that long , and director Kim Ji-woon manages to deliver the shocks and some surprisingly emotional moments that shift between being slow-paced and practically unrelenting . Be warned that I Saw the Devil is definitely not for everybody , but if any of the aforementioned information about the film piques your interest in the least , than you need to see I Saw the Devil ; you wo n't regret it .
 wow , this was a tense , suspencful , bloody movie , and more!Women brutally , getting smashed in the head with objects , pleading for their life.A twisted killer is on the search for young women , just so he can harm them very badly , for his injoyment.He has no sence of compassion , but soon he will come face to face with an unknown stalker , who gives him atast of his own brutality , baseball bat , knife , a big o rock , and ? A movie that would make you turn away , but would make you wo n't more , to see how it all unfolds.Need More Like This ! Pay Back Is A Must !
 Not at all what you may think . Great new idea . Excellent actors . Amazing twist ! Great movie ! i was blown away at all it 's detail .
 Lines are crossed and you question who the devil is later as the main character goes to the dark side to capture is prey .
 Not one for subtitled movies but this movie has made me think differently about having to read through out the whole movie . What you miss in subtitles they make up for in there acting . Not a kid friendly movie at all ... to much of everything . One heck of a movie . Revenge of a dead women and her man lets the guy live , but he never learns and with each evil way a worse corse of action is taken to revenge her death and try to save others from this devilish creature .
 This movie could have been over in 50 minutes , but the protagonist 's will to write the antagonist 's future , as and when he pleases , by making him suffer is what is the main theme of this feature . Terrific screenplay & tight direction keeps you hooked on for every second of this movie . Not ... err , lem me rephrase , never for the weak-hearted !
 5/5 Rating for picture and sound 5/5 for the film itself excellent magnificent thriller that will be hard to beat highly reccomended must watch .
 One of the best vengance movies on the market today , rivals oldboy , very well written . If you have n't seen other do so ! You will not be disappointed !
 This is one o those movies that 'll bother you whether you 're into the genre or not . It may seem to take a while before it takes off , but when it does , HOLD ON !!! IT 'S GORETASTICK !!!
 In my opinion , the acting in this movie is awesome . The bluray quality is awesome . Watching this movie made me want to buy more Korean blurays . Hollywood is getting lame .
 Kim Ji-Woon 's I Saw The Devil is a brutal revenge thriller from South Korea . The story follows secret agent Soo-hyun path to revenge after his fiancee is murdered by the notorious serial killer Kyung-chul . Soo-Hyun is played brilliantly by Lee Byung-Hun ; he is one of the best actors today , the revenge sequences are uncompromising as he shows his dark side , and his emotional scenes are powerful when he realizes his fiancee is dead and what he has turned into . On the other hand , Choi Min-Sik plays Kyung-chul ; his performance is stunning as he plays a sinister serial killer , up to the very end when you realize he is the definition of evil . As you can see , I thought the acting was amazing . The story was dark and powerful , although a bit on the long side . It 's not the most violent film ever , but it 's not for the weak-hearted either ; for example , Soo-Hyun vividly cuts Kyung-chul 's Achilles tendon and continuously tortures him in unbelievable ways . This film does not follow a generic formula , so expect the unexpected . The ending was shocking and can leave you with mixed emotions ; how far would you go for revenge?Overall , I Saw The Devil has brilliant acting , an uncompromising story , great direction , and amazing music . Some of the action-revenge sequences are also shot beautifully , by the way . As of 9/21/12 , this film is available on Amazon Prime Instant Video and Netflix Streaming , but a purchase is also highly recommended.I Saw The Devil has extreme violence and blood , and sex and nudity -LRB- including attempted rape scenes , one on a young girl . -RRB-
 Dark , twisted look at human nature . Our hero grows more evil as he chases a serial killer and he begins to become his prey . Fascinating .
 If you 're not a fan of brutality and vengeance filmmaking , read no further . If , on the other hand you are , this may be the best , most polished , smartest and best made -LRB- of it 's kind -RRB- film of it 's year . It 's got my vote . I just sent a like minded friend a copy . Yeah , ya got ta read it . Unless you get the bd . Best read , in my opinion .
 Now , I never used to like these kinds of movies because I 'm a typical girly girl , but as I get more into the genre of horror and dark movies , the easier they are to view . If you do n't like a lot of violence , pass this one up because there is a truckload of it . If you 're game to try or already are , take a good look at this one . I 've never watched a Korean film of any genre before last night , but of all the serial killer/revenge films I 've checked out so far , this one has been the most original and the best
 Thank you for getting me this movie , I loved it and it was great that it was still in it 's package - thanks again and if you have n't seen it - then it is a must see , man is South Korea crazy or what ?
 This might have been the best movie ever made . It might have been better than anything made at the very height of movie making in Hollywood . But guys , really , you keep promoting these movies on Blueray to your customers overseas -LRB- I am in Australia - for those of you who do not understand geography , that is not in America -RRB- so we - the people fortunate enough to live in a free society - that is , almost anywhere outside the continental United States - we can not see it because in the United Sates you use a type of coding that now-where else in the world uses . To quote Homer Siumpson `` Duhhh ''
 There are movies that you watch to be entertained by . There are movies you watch to experience a piece of art . And then there are movies that combine these two ideas and come out with something altogether different , a movie that entertains on some level and yet is so well made as to be considered art . I SAW THE DEVIL is one such film , a truly disturbing picture that will stay with you long after the final credits.The film opens in winter where a young woman 's car has a flat . While speaking to her boyfriend , a secret agent , she is offered assistance by a bus driver which she declines . Once she hangs up , the bus driver viciously attacks her , breaking out the windows of her car and clubbing her into submission with a hammer . She awakes to find herself in a secluded location where her kidnapper systematically tortures and kills her , even after she pleads for not just her life but that of her unborn child.The victim 's boyfriend Kim Soo-hyeon -LRB- Byung-hung Lee -RRB- is distraught by her murder . Contacting her father , an ex-police detective , he is given several leads as to who may have killed her and begins targeting each one . As he enacts his revenge on the first two in a most brutal fashion , he finds himself realizing that the third is the guilty party . Tracking him down is easy . What he does afterwards is not.Kim finds Kyung-chul -LRB- Min-Sik Choi -RRB- and nearly beats him to death . But he stops . His thirst for revenge would be short lived if he killed this monster . Instead he allows him to live with the knowledge that it is n't over . Kim becomes the hunter , thrilling at the hunt as he continues to track down Kyung . Kyung continues on a murderous rampage almost racking up several more victims but Kim always shows at the last minute and does more physical damage to Kyung.Readers may recall that I 've found what is now called `` torture porn '' to be pretty distasteful , especially the film HOSTEL . There are many scenes in this film that rival HOSTEL for the sheer power of filmed torture . But there 's a difference as well that some will squabble over . In HOSTEL we witnessed a movie in which voyeurs had the chance to become a part of the action , to pay to torture people , no more motivation than the so called thrill . In this film we witness a man whose memory is tortured for his not being there to save his fianc&eacute; , a man who is seeking out vengeance.I found myself watching and thinking what would I do given the same circumstances ? Would I want to find vengeance on my own ? If I had the skill set as the character of Kim has , the capabilities he displays in fighting and surveillance techniques , would I want to take my own pound of flesh from someone who had caused me such pain ? I never did find an answer for my questions , just that there is the possibility that I would.The film continues with bloody encounters all the way from start to finish . There 's even a stop by Kyung at a home invasion his friend has just done , a friend who enjoys cannibalism and is in the middle of eating one of his victims . But the encounters between Kyung and Kim as Kim nears the threshold of finally exacting his revenge are what make this movie click . It is witnessing Kim perhaps turn into the same monster he seeks in his search for revenge , perhaps not finally doing so , that holds our interest.A word of warning
 I have to agree with the other reviews that this is a no-holds-barred , revenge filled , killing , bloody , action , special effects -LRB- makeup/gore -RRB- FUNFEST!Watching it the first time , I was thinking , `` WOW , this is a violent film . I ca n't take my eyes off the screen ! `` 2nd time watching , I spent the whole time yelling at the screen , `` go get him ! '' and `` Oh man ! That had to hurt ! '' and I enjoyed it just as much.As long as you know of the bloodshed and violence , you can hopefully enjoy this as much as those of us did.PLOTA special forces type cop , played by Byung-hun Lee -LRB- Storm Shadow in GI-Joe -RRB- finds out his pregnant wife has been killed by a sick , twisted psycho , played by Min-sik Choi -LRB- Oldboy -RRB- . He of course wants revenge . The rest of the movie is him catching him , beating him and his lackies within seconds of death , putting a tracking device on him and then letting him go . With the lackies now in the hospital and out of the way , he plans to track his movements to do more damage to him in any way he can . This psycho is smarter than he thinks . Who is tracking and manipulating who?Some movies put good actors together and they still ca n't make a good movie -LRB- Green Hornet -RRB- but this is so well directed/produced and acted it needs mentioning . I knew Min-sik Choi was good but Byung-hun Lee really made me take notice of his acting skills here.Whoever did the special effects gets a major thumbs up.If you are still on the fence and ca n't decide , rent it ! It 's a must have for horror , police , thriller type movie buffs .
 easy review ... BUY it ! It 's worth it ! I get always get squeamish about uber violence , but it makes total sense in this movie . This film is now in my top `` Fives ! ''
 Wow this has got to be the best revenge flick to date ! The acting was stellar , the story and plot twists were just the bees knees ! The movie is ~ 2.5 hours long but it never flet like it was dragging along . A + + in every aspect and a must see for any fan of either Revenge flicks , Korean flicks or just fans of movies in general .
 TOP NOTCH ACTING AND VERY HIGH QUALITY VIDEO . If you 're into anything gore and disturbingly insane , this is the film for you . If not , still watch it and get into it !!!
 Love gore but also love well made films , and this one fit the bill . Definitely violent but well directed , well written , and beautifully shot . The movie keeps your interest throughout with excellent fight scenes and quality acting . The score is also something that adds to the dimension of the film . I am betting a lot of men love this movie , but as a female who loves cinema , this is a favorite . Although well received by me , I think some would take offense to some scenes , especially those with an aversion to nudity and graphic violence , and therefore would not recommend it to all . I viewed the International version and subsequently the Korean version . There are extended , cut , even additional scenes varying in each . As a fan I am hoping the DVD will provide an uncut version and would recommend this film to any cinema lover .
 `` I Saw The Devil '' is yet another amazing film from South Korean director Kim ji-woon -LRB- A Tale of Two Sisters , The Good , The Bad and The Weird -RRB- and if he keeps making films like these he may become my favorite modern director . The film begins with a young women broken down by the side of the road on a cold winters night . To pass time waiting for the tow-truck , she nervously talks on the phone to her secret agent fiance -LRB- Byrung-hun lee -RRB- . Tragedy strikes when she is brutally killed by a psychopath -LRB- Min-sik Choi -RRB- shortly after her phone call . Staggered by grief and consumed with hate , the agent sets off to find his wife 's killer but the path he sets out on will change him and the ones he loves forever . `` I Saw The Devil '' is a brilliant and highly stylized revenge tale that is soaked in blood . I 've seen my fair share of gory films but I found myself squirming in my seat constantly while watching . Both Byrung-hun and Min-sik put in excellent performances . Byrung-hun 's agent does n't talk much but you can see the hatred and grief brewing inside of him like a tempest . Min-sik 's killer is definitely the most grotesque and revolting depiction of a psycho killer I 've seen put to film . He 's remorseless , sadistic and possesses no redeemable qualities what so ever.Kim Ji-woon likes to slowly build up tension and then have his film explode with emotion and ultra violence . Something he does to dramatic effect . The violence gets so out of hand that it almost becomes comical but not so much that it ruins the film 's credibility . `` I Saw The Devil '' is one of the best films I 've seen this year . I found myself emotionally invested in Byrung-hun 's quest for revenge and could n't help being corrupted by it . `` I Saw The Devil '' is a white knuckle gore fest that really needs to be seen to be fully understood . If you think you can stomach it , I highly recommend this film .
 Why am I giving it a 5 star rating and recommend it?Quite simple . . really ... Because . . if my pregnant wife was beheaded by a blade wielding psychopath with complete disregard for human dignity who is dead set on creating mayhem and raping women and teenage girls ... I would do exactly what the lead character does to the murdering misogynist . . I understand the madness behind the revenge ... I get it ... and so will you .
 On a snowy night , Joo-yun -LRB- Oh San-ha -RRB- is stranded on the side of the road with a flat tire . A man , Kyung-chul -LRB- Min-sik Choi -RRB- pulls over and offers her a ride , which she declines . Kyung-chul proceeds to brutally beat her and kidnap her , only to later kill her and dismember her body . Her fianc&eacute;e , secret agent Soo-hyun -LRB- Lee Byung-hun -RRB- , devastated by his loss , takes times off work , and vows to avenge her by finding the killer . But to hunt a monster , must Soo-hyun become a monster himself ? I Saw the Devil begins like a straight-forward , cat-and-mouse revenge thriller but turns into a morality play that examines the monstrous nature buried in all of us and the capacity to commit monstrous acts when driven to do so.Directed by Kim Ji-woon , this Korean import has scenes that recall typical `` torture porn , '' but with a unique Korean sensibility in the direction . Elegantly shot by Lee Mo-gae , this is a beautiful film that could pass as an art film if not for the graphic and bloody scenes of violence . There are two scenes of such violence within the first 40 minutes alone . The difference between the violence here and the average teen-filled torture porn is that Kim Ji-woon knows what to show and when to show it . This film does n't shy away from blood or gore , but employs trick angles to certain scenes to suggest more than it shows . There 's a brutal stabbing in a car , with a lot of quick stabbing motions and blood , but very few shots of a knife penetrating a body . As the film progresses , the violence and mayhem seem to progress with it , becoming more graphic and vivid.Written by first-time screenwriter Park Hoon-jung , the film takes an unconventional premise and allows it to unfold in an unexpected way . Pitting a depraved killer , whose identity is never a mystery against a protagonist who is sympathetic , but not exactly admirable ; Park Hoon-jung takes all the conventions of a cat-and-mouse revenge thriller and has fun playing with audience 's expectations . This is not simply a film about a man chasing the monster who killed his fianc&eacute;e , but about a man who first wants to toy with that monster , vigilante style . With a GPS unknowingly implanted in his body , the film consists of Kyung-chul trying to hide from Soo-hyun , only to be beaten nearly to death at random intervals.The two lead actors really hold the film together . Lee Byung-hun has a very expressive face that allows him to convey his character effectively with very few words . One only needs to know the depth of his pain and determination to avenge his fianc&eacute;e by looking at his face throughout . Min-sik Choi , so normal in appearance , is very good as the killer , underplaying what could have been a flamboyant performance . He 's never ominous and rarely menacing in the way killers tend to be in movies , yet his performance is completely convincing and thoughtful . Their final confrontation in particular has some mesmerizing acting work.I Saw the Devil reaches a stunning , unforgettable conclusion . It is a very dry film and with a 140-minute running time , feels too long occasionally . For such a violent film , it moves at a leisurely pace , taking time to develop its plot , characters , and motives before it explodes into absolute chaos . It is rare to see a film that alternates so easily between methodical character study and action packed suspense . It 's great to look at , very well-made , and thought-provoking , but not exactly a fun film to watch . However , it is so brilliant and unforgettable at times , it 's a force that ca n't be ignored . The graphic , brutal violence in films labeled `` torture porn '' has been written off as cheap , vulgar exploitation and it generally is . Here , a Korean director has found a way to use it appropriately and artistically . This is a very effective film , as impressive as it is surprising and it will appeal to both patient horror buffs and lovers of cinema alike.GRADE
 Probably the best revenge flick I 've ever watched . And now also one of my favorite Korean movies ever . I Saw the Devil kept me on the edge of my seat and the 2 plus hours just flew by . I was literally exhausted by the time it was over . Consider yourself warned , this is not easy to watch at all . But , it is simply an excellent film .
 UPDATE
 To everyone who gave this movie a bad review because `` it was n't as good as ` old boy ' or ` sympathy for mr. Vengeance ' or they were ` confused ' or ` the movie made no sense ' and even ` it was too violent ' , be realistic ! The movie was amazing and if anyone thought that aspects of violence and maliciousness were too over the top . It 's because the emotions were supposed to be accentuated to convey a meaning that clearly many of you missed because u were too full of yourselves at the idea of being a movie critic . At the end if u get rid of all the violence that offended many people the story and meaning make this movie easily worth more than 5 stars
 A secret agent -LRB- Lee Byung-hoon -RRB- uses surveillance technology to track and torment the serial killer -LRB- Choi Min-sik -RRB- who murdered his wife -LRB- Oh San-ha -RRB- . This intense , graphic film is not for the faint of heart . Director Ji Woon-Kim 's South Korea seems to be liberally sprinkled with psychopaths , which leads to some of the best set pieces in the film and some moments of very dark comedy . The overall tone of the film , however , is very sad and makes the point that revenge is ultimately unsatisfying , dehumanizing to the perpetrator , and can lead down some unexpected paths . I shave a star from this excellent thriller because I felt it was a bit too long . More importantly , I felt it held many of the murder and torture scenes just a beat too long , crossing the line from depicting horrendous acts to vicariously participating in them . Of course , that line is very subjective and many viewers will not agree at all or may feel that the line was crossed long before I did . Perhaps it was even Ji Woon-Kim 's intention to implicate the viewer in the violence as some sort of meta-cognitive point about the voyeurism of film . For my taste , this fine movie would have been improved by trimming some of those scenes a bit . I understand that the South Korean film board required about ninety seconds to be cut before it could be released there . I can imagine just where those cuts may have been .
 I love Korean film but for some reason I could n`t bring myself to give this the full 5 stars . The cinematography was great and the use of setting which often seems to loop at appropriate events was adequate . Perhaps its message was to simple . They introduced side characters to mix up the plot a bit , then provided a little prologue however maybe ... . I dunno but this is a good film though a bit gory as the main characters both see themselves beyond morality ` s prohibitive gaze . As usual there are a few unbelievable events that are unlikely .
 I SAW THE DEVIL takes the serial-killer tale and turns it upside-down -LRB- and inside out ! -RRB- . I was expecting another `` sociopath vs. the police / cat and mouse '' story . ISTD uses this premise , only to expand on it , resulting in one of the best revenge films I 've ever seen . I actually found myself feeling -LRB- somewhat , almost , well , ok , not very -RRB- sorry for the murderer ! This movie goes a long way in showing the ultimate price of vengeance . If you love movies like LADY VENGEANCE , OLDBOY , etc. , then I SAW THE DEVIL will fit right into your collection ...
 Director Jee-woon Kim along with actors Byung-hun Lee and Min-sik Choi are three of the most talented people in Korean cinema today . Jee-woon has done such films as A Bittersweet Life and The Good , the Bad , the Weird , which both starred Byung-hun and Min-sik is most recognized for his performance in Oldboy , but was also fairly impressive in the drama Crying Fist among many others . Oldboy is really the film that made me love Korean cinema . So when word broke that these three marvelous people were getting together to make a film , I knew I was already there . A little thriller called I Saw the Devil came together and became one of the most spectacularly intense thrillers to be released in quite some time.Late one snowy , winter night , a woman named Joo-yeon -LRB- San-ha Oh -RRB- sits stranded in her car waiting for a tow truck to arrive and help her fix a flat tire . She talks to her fiance , Dae-hoon -LRB- Byung-hun -RRB- , over the phone as she waits . It 's Joo-yeon 's birthday and Dae-hoon , a secret agent , gets caught up with work and ca n't be there with her on her special day . A strange man shows up and begins to pester Joo-yeon about fixing the tire himself . After declining his help , the man known as Kyung-chul -LRB- Min-sik -RRB- attacks Joo-yeon before brutally murdering her . Kyung-chul is actually a notorious serial killer who mostly kills women and young girls . As the investigation unfolds , Dae-hoon swears merciless revenge on Kyung-chul and a deadly game of cat and mouse begins . Does Dae-hoon really know when this game will end or has he already become a bigger monster than the man he now preys upon?The chemistry between Byung-hun Lee and Min-sik Choi is what really drives the film . Byung-Hun is the broken down shell of a man when he 's not in the hunt , so to speak . He has several emotional breakdowns that are incredibly heart wrenching , but the urge he has to make this bloodthirsty maniac pay for taking the love of his life away takes a front seat to any sort of emotion he once had . Byung-hun portrays the struggle his character has between sadness and revenge flawlessly . Min-sik plays the role of a lunatic incredibly well . His character seems to lack that which makes a person who they are ; morals , a conscience , and above all a soul . Killing is the only thing that brings out the real Kyung-Chul . His first initial reaction to someone trying to beat him at his own game is agitation and borderline out of control rage , but once he regains control he not only enjoys himself but claims it 's the most fun he 's ever had . Min-sik acts level headed when his kills go well , but the way he expresses how insane his character really is when things go bad for him is what makes his performance so memorable . While the scenes where Byung-hun and Min-sik fight with each other are great for obvious reasons , there 's a scene at the end of the film where they both have a heart to heart conversation that is just spectacular . Every little glimpse you have of that confrontation leading up to that point is fantastic , as well.Jee-woon Kim certainly knows how to shoot a beautiful looking film . Lush and vibrant colors make grisly murders and spontaneous revenge tactics look much more pleasant than the blood that endlessly splatters all over every wall and floor in the film . Other than the brilliant colors , the cinematography is rather unique as well . There 's a scene near the end of the film where Dae-Hoon is walking toward the camera on a deserted road . It 's simple and shot like we 're basically walking backwards in front of him while staring directly at his face . He eventually begins to cry ; an uncontrollable sobbing . The way the scene is shot along with Byung-hun 's performance made it one of the more memorable scenes in the film . There 's another where Kyung-Chul gets picked up by a taxi . He gets into the front passenger seat while there 's another man in the back , so there are three people in the car altogether including the driver . Kyung-Chul realizes he 's going to have to beat these guys to the punch , so as their adrenaline escalates the camera rotates around the inside of the car . You get this continuous 360 degree shot of the action occurring inside this cab . It 's amazing.Leave it to another Korean thriller revolving around revenge to make an impression on me . Jee-woon Kim 's I Saw the Devil is a superbly acted , exceptionally written , grotesquely gorgeous film that 'll make you cringe during some of the more horrific and blood soaked acts in the film while secretly leave you craving so much more . That craving is satisfied thanks to the interactions and chemistry between actors Byung-hun Lee and Min-Sik Choi . The disturbing content in the film is more than enough to satisfy the hungriest gore hounds out there while the captivating story will please anyone looking for something more than someone being chopped to pieces . I Saw the Devil is one of the most morbidly delightful films to be released in recent years .
 I knew this was gon na be a good movie but I did n't think it was gon na be this good ! `` I Saw The Devil '' is an awesome serial killer , cat an mouse revenge flick where the good turn evil in order to inflict pain and suffering on a greater evil.The story goes like this , one snowy night a woman who is married to a detective catches a flat tire and calls for a tow , a stranger appears to help but ends up beating her , kidnaps , dismembers and disposes of her remains in a river . The remains are found and the hunt for the killer begins as the police narrow it down to four suspects.The detective takes time off due to his wifes death but secretly tracks down the four suspects and tortures each one till he finds the one who killed his wife . Once found he exacts revenge over an over in a very cool way I might add at which time a game of cat an mouse occurs that leaves a trail of dead bodies and a once lawful detective no better than the truely psycho killer he 's been stalking . `` I Saw The Devil '' is a brutal/gory but not to gory film that will lead you down a road with a psychopath and a man who becomes one out of grief and anger in order to get revenge ! As far as acting , it was great as was the score which fit the movie perfectly . Every year there is one or two horror movies that really standout , `` I Saw The Devil '' is 2011 's standout horror masterpiece that deserves to be seen !
 Ji-Woon Kim is one of my favorite Asian directors . The movie runs well over two hours and I was left wanting more . You do need a thick stomach for this but if you love the gory revenge movies that Asian Cinema seems to have perfected you will love this one.Acting , cinematography , script , all top notch . I even dare say , better than most American movies out this year .
 Chances are that if you 're interested in I Saw the Devil , you 've probably seen at least one of the Vengeance Trilogy movies . If you have , then there is n't a whole lot new in this movie that you have n't seen before , but I do n't mean that in a bad way . I Saw the Devil seems to borrow some of the best elements from each movie to the point where they could practically release another box set , a quadrilogy , including this film with the others , despite having a different director . It 's funny that , like Oldboy , before I saw this movie , all I 'd heard was that it was extremely ` brutal ' and ` unforgiving ' . I do n't know if it 's just being desensitized from the Vengeance Trilogy or what , but I Saw the Devil did n't win me over as much as Oldboy or Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance did . As much as I hate to compare movies to one another , it 's hard not to in this case . But the thing is , if you like revenge movies , or are a big fan of the Vengeance Trilogy , there 's a good chance that you 'll like I Saw the Devil as well.Soo-hyun is a secret agent spending the night at work while his fianc&eacute; , Ju-yeon , gets stuck on the side of the road after getting a flat tire . A tow truck is on the way , but before it arrives , a stranger pulls over and offers to help her out . She politely turns him down , and within minutes he smashes her windows and drags her off to a dank torture room of sorts , and kills her off quickly . Ju-yeon 's head is found in a stream soon after , and both her father , a retired police chief , and Soo-hyun see what 's happened . Upon seeing this , Soo-hyun vows to find the person who killed her , and make them suffer just as much as she did . Within days , he tracks the guy down - it 's a school van driver named Kyung-chul . Soo-hyun nearly beats him to death , but leaves before the final blow . Why does he let the maniac live ? Because he 's just getting started.It 's going to sound weird , but even with the guy being the lowest of low , I could n't help but feel sorry for him when Soo-hyun would pay him a visit . Soo-hyun really does a number on Kyung-chul the first time , but it gets worse each and every time , to the point where it seems like a demented version of hide and seek . The violence is n't over the top , since each bit of it is there for a reason , and what 's seen looks like it 's genuinely happening to the actors . Knowing that Kyung-chul was about to get obliterated every couple of minutes got to the point where it was comical because you knew that he was going to be let go each time . And part of the fun is in seeing how the guy makes it to his next destination . Other killers and innocent people going about their daily lives in broad daylight are n't safe from Kyung-chul . I really did feel bad for Soo-hyun and Ju-yeon 's father when she was killed and they pulled out her head . The reactions on their faces looked sincere , as did the lack of emotion on Kyung-chul 's face whenever he got his hands on a victim . Whether it 's intentional or not , I still could n't help but feel like a few things were taken from the Vengeance Trilogy and altered a bit . Achilles tendon scene like Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance ? Check ! Fancy black coat like Lady Vengeance 's ? Check ! There were other parts , and again , I 'm not saying that this is bad or makes the movie score lower or anything , but the connections are there for someone who 's seen those movies . Actually , there 's not much about the movie that I do n't like , aside from the slightly long runtime . The main character can seem bland , but when it 's over and done , it comes together . I Saw the Devil has thrills , comedy , just the right amount of gore , and a somewhat painful ending . It 's a solid movie.The blu-ray has great picture quality for the most part , aside from a few scenes shot at night with lots of black where grain shows up now and then . The movie is n't shot in any gorgeous areas by any means , but the cities and country look good here . The audio is very good too , with a nice DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 and an English DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 dub if you want to go that way . Unfortunately , there are n't many special features
 This movie is not for the squeamish or for those who can not handle violent movies , however this is the movie that got me addicted to Korean movies ! The villain gives such a masterful performance , and the `` hero '' provides the perfect amount of punshment ! You are mesmerized throughout this original , gritty , gnarly movie ! If you like revenge movies where karma comes to kick major a $ $ , this is the movie for you !!!
 So , I 'm probably biased . If you 've never seen any Korean movies you may be shocked and unsettled by this epic tale of revenge , but jump on the bandwagon of westerners who 've discovered a little secret ... South Koreans make awesome freakin ' movies . Beautifully shot and acted , but not for the weak ... be warned
 On a snowy night Juyeon is killed by a murderous psychopath . Unfortunately , Juyeon 's fiancee is a special agent with the police force , and he 's supremely pissed . He stalks and beats the murderer . He does this over and over again , until the man that murdered his fiancee is broken and about to give up . The relentless pursuit and torture of the crazy man is almost disturbing ; then you remember that the bastard deserves every bit of it.This is a disturbing and graphic movie . I was n't expecting that much from it , so I was extremely shocked by what I saw . If you go in expecting to see some pervasive stuff , then you may be able to take it in better . In any event , I think this movie is great and will provide lots of entertainment for those who like violence and gore .
 Not for the faint of heart ! What a great movie of its genre , didnt expect this good , i bought it since the reviews are 5 stars , they are not wrong , i would give 10 STARS !! Awesome storyline , twist and turn , you wont take your eyes off of it !! SEE IT , wo womder this is banned in most countries . . I still get nightmares from it ... UUgghh so shocking . .
 After watching the movie Old Boy and seeing the reviews for this movie , I decided to take a chance and buy the bluray.From the start I had my reservations , but as the plot becomes clear it is much more exciting . Rather than being another movie based mostly on gore and violence , there is more a deeper meaning to the violence . I thought of a couple different ideas for the ending , but it was still very good .
 This South Korean film is a real standout . It ranks up there with just about any high-tier Hollywood film . Great acting from the two leads
 i think i saw the devil , and my wife could n't sleep easily after watching this movie.so if you want a scare watch this one
 had no idea what to expect from this move . didnt know a thing until i read some online reviews telling me to check it out ... OH MY GOD this movie blew me away !!! everything perfect ... acting , directing , effects ... this movie is probably not for the faint of heart but dont let that stop you , if it does you will be sadly missing out on one of the BEST revenge flicks ever made.recommended !!!
 I watched this movie on my own once , and then was so amazed at its energy that I sat my roommate down in front of our tv , and he shortly proclaimed it as the best revenge movie he had ever seen . And honestly , it really is the best revenge movies could ever ask for . Most revenge movies structure themselves with the protagonist being wronged , and then setting up the rest of the film as a journey to one day find the antagonist and have revenge , usually in a single scene . Here , however , it was deemed one revenge was n't enough . Instead we see multiple engagements across the entire movie , and as a result it delves into a darkly comic , intelligently written , and extremely well-acted movie . Several scenes still amaze me -LRB- there is a taxi cab fight scene that is just pure awesomeness -RRB- , and the music is very well incorporated , and never intrusive . At times it surpasses the ` Revenge ' genre and becomes an intimate game where the cat may not be the cat , and the mouse may not be the mouse . Also to note is that the gore and brutality in this movie puts any Saw movie to shame - it is depicted graphically , and realistically.Anyways , watch this movie if you 're not afraid of violence , and want to watch an intelligently put together revenge film .
 This was such a awesome movie . One of the greatest revenge stories ever told . The disc was not at the best conditions , but that 's okay .
 The Man from Nowhere follows in the footsteps of Oldboy . Great action , intense moral story , two powerful leading actors . I bought it sight unseen and was not disappointed . God Bless S. Korean cinema without them -LRB- and the French , Asian -RRB- there would not be anything to watch , I mean come on America why do we suck so much now .
 I saw the devil is by far the greatest serial killer movie i saw in my entire life.I saw a lot of serial killer movies like : Henry : Portrait of a serial killer etc. . This the best .
 I had to watch this movie twice because I was busy trying to reassemble a shotgun torn apart for deep cleaning during the initial viewing.A well made and entertaining movie that was well done in every respect . It wont win any major awards but is well worth a rental . I do n't think anyone would want to invest in a purchase of the movie but rent it and judge for yourself . If you like it well enough go to one of the Amazon vendors and purchase a used copy -LRB- some of those folks really need the money -RRB- . Find one rated Very Good or Like New and make the purchase . I have yet to recieve a `` dog '' yet in buying a used movie through an Amazon vendor .
 this movie is awesome filled with awesomeness , this is far superior to any other movie in the genre recently . original and intense , even if it 's not in english this movie is way better than anything you have seen in the last few years .
 I did n't find other words for describe this excellent movie . If you have a sensible stomach , please , be away of the film . Since the first fifteen minutes you can prove the suspense and the extremely gore that will be recurrent in the movie . One of the best things is Choi 's character , cold , calculating , terrifying . Pleasantly recommended
 Enjoyed it a lot . Real good content , and not opinionated . Research doesnt allways come from high dollar video and recording equipment . Highly recommend this .
 This product is not the typical hyped TV show or Movie that has been developed for entertainment or ratings . This DVD is true Bigfoot field research by a team who had dedicated over 5 years to locate , collect data , and educate people about the ellusive Bigfoot . The footage is by the field researchers , not professional camera crews . The team is there for the long haul , not the hit and run tactics used by many of the `` Big Names '' of Bigfoot Hunters . This is not Bigfoot hunting , this is Bigfoot research .
 `` Westworld '' was a great movie that was highly acclaimed , but there has been much criticism over its sequel `` Futureworld '' , and I ca n't see why - it 's a great movie ! Okay maybe the androids are n't malfunctioning this time , but they are replacing people in an attempt to take over the world - a good plot if you ask me . The first film was just a suspense movie , but this one is not only suspenseful , it 's a political thriller with a lot of mystery in it as well.The Delos company is trying to recover from the deadly events of Westworld . Assuring people that they have corrected their mistakes , and that their amusement park is now completely safe . To try and attract new customers they now have a Futureworld setting . Everything seems normal until a reporter gets a mysterious call from somebody who warns him that something strange is going on at Delos , but when he goes to meet the man , he finds him dead . Now as he begins to investigate Delos , he uncovers a shocking revelation . The androids have replaced everybody at Delos and they intend to take over the world . But as the reporter tries to get the information out to the public , he soon finds himself being hunted by his own android duplicate.A great film with a great plot and great actors . Highly recommended !
 peter fonda is a very underrated actor , all through the 70 's he stared in some of the best low-buget movies ever made . futureworld starts some years after the westworld disaster . delos is back and running and the bugs that caused the first mishap are taken care of but still people are n't coming back as fast as delos would like so among others peter fonda and blythe danner go to take a tour . fonda wants to find out what a friend ment when he said delos after being stabed.well as you can guess something is up but not what you think , they take a different corse and the it becomes a political thriller that works quite well.fonda has a natural charm like his father but much more of an everyday charm than henry had , and he never rubs you the wrong way like jane does . his career needs to be looked at again , he really is much better than they give him credit for >
 WESTWORLD was -- and remains -- a classic . FUTUREWORLD is one of the few sequels that does the original proud . Terrific performances by Peter Fonda -LRB- was any actor as underappreciated as this guy ? -RRB- and a spunky Blythe Danner . Full of twists and turns , and a single finger salute finale . I wish I could add this to my collection .
 Futureworld -LSB- Region 2 -RSB- It is a great story , fun to watch . This movie begs for a remake ! Part of its appeal is the ` technology ' and the novel idea of a futuristic holiday resort . They did not use CGI as extensively as they do today ; an example is `` I Robot '' , mostly CGI . So it is all real ! Accept for the part of replacing humans altogether , it is not so far fetched at all ; Disney is famous for its animatronics exhibits . The acting is alright.This movie takes off after the tragedy at Westworld , where robots went on a killing spree after a technical malfunction.In Futureworld everything is all new ! Human computer operators are replaced by super intelligent , 700-Series robots , so nothing can go wrong this time round . Really ??? The replacement of Humans does not end at the operators ; it extends far beyond that ... Watch it for yourself !!! This is a must-have for all sci-fi fansI could not get an English version and ordered the Spanish version of the product with an English soundtrack . The DVD is of good quality - Good colour and good stereo sound . I would have liked subtitles though . I always switch them on when I watch movies -LRB- personal choice -RRB- . Come on get this one , if you still can ! While you are at it , complete your collection with Westworld , they make the perfect pair.Enjoy!Riaan Ross - South Africa
 This review is for the region 2 pal optimum releases edition of Futureworld.It 's anamorphic widescreen roughly 16:9 single layer disc and it looked great upconverted to 1080i on a widescreen hd tv.I had n't seen this film since it was in theaters . That being said it was as good as I remember and I enjoyed it even more this time around because of the plot.Duplicates dedicated to Delos are killing and replacing their human counterparts in high places in order to create a new order , controlled by Delos . That theme is as current as it gets . We see the fruition of this devious plot now a days in governments full of inhuman people who are beholden only to the interests of large corporations and monolithic religious institutions which put them there in the first place . Its really chilling , and creepy.The dream sequence is one of the best I have ever seen in film as it really captures the fragmented narrative of actual dreams .
 The more I see of Peter Fonda 's 70s films the more I 'm beginning to feel that he had a more interesting career than either his father or his sister during that decade . In FUTUREWORLD he 's a seasoned print journalist who 's constantly comparing his prowess with the superficial nose for news displayed by his adorable ex-girlfriend `` Socks , '' played with elan by a game Blythe Danner . The two of them clash often and frequently during the first half of the movie , but then like HIS GIRL FRIDAY they decide to lie down with the lambs and from then on their chemistry grows by leaps and bounds . One needs the other 's talents , and Fonda and Danner fully inhabit the characters of Tracy -LRB- `` Socks '' -RRB- and Chuck . They go to FUTUREWORLD on an all expense paid business trip to drum up publicity for the 1.5 billion dollar dream vacation resort , which had died a death in the wake of the WESTWORLD debacle . It seems that world leaders are arriving in droves to escape earthly problems , and Peter Fonda begins to suspect that , just like roach motel , you can Czech in to FUTUREWORLD but you ca n't Czech out.Some have said that the production values of FUTUREWORLD betray a poverty of MGM resources . I think on the contrary it looks more expen $ ive than WESTWORLD . It ca n't have been cheap to hire Yul Brynner to do that strange dream tango . Someone told me that they probably only had Brynner 's services for one weekend , or else he died in the middle of filming because otherwise , why not give him a bigger part ? It would have been awesome if he had come out at the end , as the gunslinger , to kill all the robots who wanted -LRB- spoilers ahead -RRB- to replace all the world leaders with Delos-friendly hybrids.The acting was great all the way through , and the love story between the Stuart Margolin character and his friend , robot Clark -LRB- named after Clark Kent , the `` man of steel '' -RRB- was heartbreaking , worthy of Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhall in BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN . It 's rare to find a good gay love story in the middle of a 1970s sci fi actioner , but here you go , if it had teeth it would bite you .
 I am a huge fan of ` old school ' sci fi from the 70 's . Yeah it 's corny , yeah there is no computer enhancement - but that 's what makes it great .
 FUTURE WORLD IS THE FOLLOW-UP TO WESTWORLD ... IN THIS MOVIE ALL PROBLEMS ARE SUPPOSE TO BE SOLVED ... READY TO BE RE-OPEN ... OR IS IT . ALSO EXCITING AND SUSPENSEFUL ...
 This sequel to `` Westworld '' focuses upon a futuristic amusement park 's attempts to take over the world with the power of the androids . Meanwhile , reporters Peter Fonda and Blythe Danner try to stop them at their own death_producing plan . But the only problem is that they made duplicates of them with the robots and they 're are put in danger when they try to `` destroy their original '' . A suspenseful entry in the `` Westworld '' trilogY -LRB- THE OTHER BEING A TV MADE PRODUCTION -RRB- .
 I remembered this classic movie from the ' 70 's . I look forward to sharing it with my friends who like an old sci-Fi movie .
 the sequel to Westworld , Blythe Danner has a dream about the `` gunslinger '' Yul Brenner and that 's all you 'll see of him . The movie itself is about Delos , the grand technologically advanced vacationland that has worked out the mishaps that shut them down in Westworld . Peter Fonda and Blythe Danner are journalists covering the grand re-opening of Delos but are restricted as to what they are `` allowed '' to record or photograph . Watch out for those robots that want to `` replicate '' then eliminate their double !
 Had in VHS but wanted to update my movie library . It fit right in with all my si fi movies .
 a classic timeless movie the actors and actress are the greatest . One of the best sci-fi movies to have in your collection
 I have the oringinal record to , `` West World , `` which was the first Movie to come out which , `` Futureworld was the 2nd . continuted movie from West World.I also finally got the Soundtrack on cd of , Futureworld . `` When I first was looking for Futureworld it was released in Region 2 which is assigned to the European Countrys.With the release of , `` Surrogates , `` Westworld and Futureworld were suppose to be sold together as a set , which was not done as planned.When I first saw Westworld I went looking for the Soundtrack and got it but when Futureworld came out you could not find a soundtrack because none were made from that movie , until last year.I thought Futureworld was better then Westworld.Westworld music was really cool and electronics were used in music for the very first time I think but I might be wrong with that so please do not judge me unfairly if I am wrong about it.A lot of fantastic Science Fiction Movies came out when Westworld and Futureworld first came out :2001 A Space Odyssey , Silent Running with Bruce Dern , Marooned -LRB- the same month Apollo 13 had Problems going from The Earth to the Moon -RRB- The Item came as promised and in Excellant Condition and the Day I recevied it watched it through my surround sound movie theatre system .
 HERE IS ANOTHER GREAT SCI-FI FLICK.FOR SOME REASON THIS MOVIE HAS NOT BEEN RELEASED ON DVD IN THE U.S.THIS FLICK IS WELL OVER-DUE . A 5 STAR RATING YUL BRENNER AGAIN STEALS THE SHOW . A MUST FOR YOUR SC-FI COLLECTION .
 The &#34; mechanical cowboy &#34; rules the day ! He really is menacing and amazing . The whole story is great and the ending really a surprise . If yoyu have n't seen this one ... you must . Yule Brenner is gorgeous !
 . . a good follow up to WESTWORLD . Some of the acting is subpar , but , what do u expect when most of the roles are android characters . This is a good movie to settle down with , when u r in a hankerin ' for a big bowl of buttered popcorn , and there is nothing worth watching on cable/tv .
 Painstaking and interesting account of a shameful incident . This NZ film makes amends for an old wrong . In the hysteria of the McCarthy pursuit of US film people , the small country of New Zealand deprived itself of a capable and dedicated film worker . Cecil Holmes moved to Australia , made two feature films in the 1950s , wrote scripts for others and produced a string of documentaries , many of a social awareness nature.This documentary film is soberly made with informative interviews , one with Holmes near the end of his life . Informs -LRB- or reminds -RRB- us of the poisonous politics of that Cold War period . In effect , a warning that artists and thinkers may be caught up in petty political manipulation to detriment of their careers , stressing of their lives and serious loss for culture and public understanding . Holmes ' widow , Elizabeth , published in 2004 a memoir
 Very wonderful movie . While very serious and dramatic at times , the movie also captures the beauty and charm of Mongolia and its people . The cinematography was amazing ! Score was very good too .
 A wonderful and touching story , with beautiful images of Mongolia , and great music -LRB- do n't miss the music videos in the `` extras '' -RRB- . A very strong and a poignant film , but also a fresh and authentic performance by the actors .
 If this film was in French it would be a perfect piece of style conscious , Euro trash `` suspense '' and `` terror-lite '' type movie making . It is not in French . But it is , however , unashamed to act out its peculiar premise and its stylishly framed but derivative plot devices with a vague Euro-esque decadence , as though everyone in the film wished that they had in fact been speaking French or Italian . Think `` The Shinning '' meets `` Psycho '' meets `` Sailor Who Fell From Grace With The Sea '' . In fact , echoing `` Sailor Who Fell ... '' , Mischa Barton bears a more than suggestive resemblance to Sarah Miles , and Cameron Bright bears a striking resemblance to Jonathan Kahn , the boy who played Sarah Miles ' son in `` Sailor Who Fell ... `` There 's something about the film that makes you think that the producers and writers were thinking of Asia Argento , or felt that aspiring to make an Asia Argento like film was a high calling.The production values are much higher than you might have any reason to expect , and the film is stylishly and well designed , lit and photographed . The lead actors all do very serviceable work , and Mischa Barton is especially good in her Sarah Miles mode . However , the presence of many different production and distributing company logos on the front end of the movie is the sure tip off that this direct to video production has been handed around quite a bit to raise the necessary capital and deals to get itself before the camera and finally out into the marketplace . How many companies does it require to fund , produce and distribute a C-list movie ? Four or five , evidently.This Blu-Ray disc is so cheap it has no menus , no pop up menus , no extras and no sound options at all . Nada . It just plays , over and over.Is it scary ? Not really . Is it anxiety provoking ? Well , no . Is it peculiar that a world famous architect , thought to be dead , has been secretly living the life of an imprisoned mole at the bottom of an eight story tall well hidden in the center of a Neutra like high-rise apartment building located in the vast empty fields of Saskatchewan , while waiting for a beautiful woman to someday fall into , or be fed into , the shaft by a Norman Bates like looney-kid with a strangely foxy mother , who both live almost alone in the building after all the other residents have either been inexplicably murdered or have moved out , so that the architect may entomb the woman , or himself , using an automatic concrete mixing and pouring system of his own device , built into the building with forethought of this eventuality and a knowledge of ancient Egyptian building practices , so as to make the foundations of the building immortal ? Well , uh-huh . Is it great to watch Deborah Kara Unger be Deborah Kara Unger and to scope out the decaying but stylish mid-century modern sets , furnishings and set dressing ? Well , you betcha . This film has to be on the `` guilty pleasures '' shelf . But , still , it 's there for a reason . Oddly recommendable .
 Walled In -LRB- Gilles Paquet-Brenner , 2009 -RRB- The trailer for Walled In was hands-down the best trailer I 've seen so far in 2009 . That always means one of two things
 disgusting but delicious like a naughty Christmas present . I loved this movie although I did n't expect to . I was n't a fan of Mischa Barton having only seen her in Sixth Sense and tabloid photos but she turned in an interesting performance . Deborah Kara Unger I find to be mesmerizing in a Borg Queen way ever since Payback . She turned in a strong performance in the supporting role . The surprise appearance of Pascal Gregory looked even in caricature - magnetic . The color saturations hinted at the French touch of this film , not Pascal Gregory in the cast . This felt American if not universal . The evil is not supernatural or zombies but simply human awfulness and that 's interesting . I highly recommend this movie but watch it with no expectations . Human beings are just awful . And if the Creole and Cajuns of New Orleans were agreeable , I 'd want to move them into the giant indestructible Stackhouses that Malastrazza built . No more mold.n.b . The design in the atrium is Hexagram 32 of the I-Ching to spare anyone else from looking it up : The I Ching - Hexagram 32 HengI Ching Hexagram 32 - HengI Ching Hexagram
 I would recommend you to watch this . It does make you wonder on people that are gone and the construction of buildings .
 I am not a horror regular , but I found this film to be much more entertaining than most . It had some freshness and style and was not simply a run of the mill slasher film . These can be entertaining too if I am in the mood , and sometimes I am . This was suspenseful enough but had more `` puzzle '' in it than blood and that worked for me . I give it four stars for being adequate as a horror film but refreshingly different . I would not call it cheap thrills.Hard core horror fans should give more weight to the details provided by some of the other reviewers .
 hadnt heard of this movie so i took a chance ... different and intriquing.the price was right and i found this flick surprising.check it out . . not the best and no known name actors i reconigized , but sometimes these are not the let down some of the more notable movies advertised are .
 i am happy with the seller and this was a good movie , I loved it .
 this was a very moving and inspirational movie . very well made , it depicted the life of a fighter from two very different experiences . a must watch for any fight fan or athlete !
 I had great fun working on this movie ! Watching Michelle Meyer and Tim Bowes working their chemistry together is forever a lasting impression as I start a new career in the filming industry . Thank you Mr. Scott R. Thompson for casting me in my small part in this funny comedic movie .
 The courage and strength of the Wampanoag people is heart-warming , yet at the close of the film I feel more inspired than anything else . The film shows us how to forgive , how to heal . I have seen this film 3 times and each time I learn something new about leadership , especially how resilient leaders blaze the trail to fulfillment . Even though we may all be off course from time to time , we do n't need a lone hero to `` save us . '' We need this to be , like the Wampanoag 's , a community endeavor that fully recognizes and values all members of the community .
 I am so happy for the Wampanoag people to be able to start communicating in their language again . Native American language families contain some of the most endangered languages in the world , and for a language to be revived after 150 years of not being spoken is nothing short of a miracle ! I hope this can give hope to people who are in cultures which are losing their language .
 This is an excellent documentary done simply , about the revival of an almost lost native language and the inspiring determination of one Wampanoag woman . So many languages are dying out these days that stories like this are reassuring to everyone . It also provides a realistic look at how some native people are living and remaining connected to their cultures today .
 This is a crisp , well-structured documentary which brings together most of the principal facts and figures in Polanski 's 1977-1978 unlawful sexual intercourse trial.Two are missing from the scene -- Polanski himself and Judge Laurence Rittenband , who presided over the case -- and they 're the most important and , among followers of the situation , the most divisive.The filmmakers have a clear respect for Polanski the artist , but they make two points painfully clear
 Excellent documentary , well researched , giving an unbiased and full account of the Polanski case . Excellent testimony of his lawyer who plainly told him that he could not expect a fair treatment from judge Rittenband .
 A documentary which reopens the controversial and complex case of director Roman Polanski 's public conviction for having unlawful sex with a minor some 30 years ago . The young girl , Samantha Gernier , was 13 at the time.Polanski at the time told her mother he wanted to shoot pictures of her for a French magazine.Her mother allowed Samantha to go off with Polanski to Jack Nicholson 's house in Mulholland Drive.Instead , after shooting pictures he gave her champagne and a piece of Quaalude -LRB- hypnotic -RRB- and he took advantage of her.Because of the drug he sodomised and raped her . `` He would n't take no for an answer ... it was scary and very creepy '' . Samantha and her mother did n't want Polanski to be sentenced.Due to the effect of publicity and the girl 's desire for anonymity , charges were later reduced under a plea bargain agreement to a mere ` unlawful intercourse with an underage girl ' . The judge had turned the case into a circus and reneged on the deal and Polanski , fearing 50 years in jail , fled to France.He had undergone a 42 day psychiatric assessment in custody and was not thought to be a mentally disordered offender.His past experiences , the traumatic loss of his parents under the Nazis and the murder of his wife , even his brilliance as a film director , should not place him above the law , even though he 's married with 2 children.Gernier is married with 3 children.In the film there is an interesting interview over dinner with Clive James.James implies Polanski seems to like surrounding himself with young ladies.Following what has happened to him he should lie low and stay out of site . Polanski disagrees.Polanski says the girl ` consented ' , but James says even if so she was underage.Polanski asks James , almost disappointingly , `` is that all you think my life comes to ... young ladies '' ? James suggests he may have a predilection for very young girls and he reacts with amusement
 There is an audio commentary by director Marina Zenovich and editor Joe Bini . She says that it took five years to get the film made
 I found the documentary interesting in that Polanski 's victim also speaks regarding the 30 year old case that had Polanski fleeing from the US to escape his sentence from a judge he felt was `` out to get him '' . Now it seems Polanski was n't just being cowardly .
 This is a great documentary , no matter your ultimate value judgements about Roman Polanski 's morality and criminality.It covers so much , so well : * An amazing human interest story/biopic of one of the greatest filmmakers of our time . * A transfixing story of the American criminal justice system . * The end of the Sixties in Los Angeles . * The film industry and Hollywood -LRB- the Land of Cash , Flash & Trash -RRB- . * European vs. American sexual , moral and cultural differences . * The Seventies in the Land of Cash , Flash & Trash . * How the world works , per movers and shakers . * The the news media , warts and all . * The lawyer-protagonists
 Extremely well-balanced documentary . Devolves into a referendum on the central question
 I saw the entire preview of this film and it is superbly done . It is shocking that after all these years Polanski has not had the charges dismissed . This man has been let down by our criminal justice twice . In 1969 and again in 1978 . I wish to nominate Samantha Geimer , the girl Polanski had illegal sex with in 1977 for the Nobel Prize . It took a big person to give Polanski a pass , I hope he appreciates it . Our justice system has shown more respect to Charles Manson , Susan Atkins , & Tex Watson and the other Manson Family members who butchered Sharon Tate than they have shown Mr.Polanski . Watson married and had 3 children despite being in prison . Susan Atkins is at this writing dying of Brain Cancer but she like all the Manson girls & Manson himself have always got due process of law and a fair and impartial parole panel or judge , All of which Mr. Polanski was denied . This film is a horrible indictment of our criminal justice system . If one judge obsessed with celebrities can abuse his authority to illegally punish one celebirty he does not like then society as a whole is harmed . We have been seeing for years the Manson women , pleading for mercy at their parole hearings , we need to give mercy fast to someone who should have gotten it years ago .
 Excellent movie and arrived on time at great conditions ! Keep the high quality service up ! Congrats .
 Roman Polanski 's art has long been overshadowed by the sex scandal in mid-seventies that forced him to flee the United States and establish new life and career in France . Almost 30 years later , director Marina Zenovich creates a powerful documentary that explores what truly happened . If one can get over the fact that Polanski admitted to having sex with a 13 year old girl that was consentual , according to him ; then this story is a powerful testament about how flawed legal system is in the United States . Once I finished watching the film , I could not stop asking myslef if anything has changed in US legal system and its participants since.Director includes Polanski 's attorney and the testament from the prosecutor in the case , recollections from journalists that covered the incident and police officers that responded to the initial accusations . The background story of the judge in the case and his subsequent ruling -LRB- s -RRB- are absolutely stunning . All characters in this case are greater than life and both attorneys involved in the case are honorable men worthy of their profession.This film is also a story about bigotry and prejudices . US legal system was looking into making an example from a man who was a foreigner , had accent , was short and had devasteting personal history . He was an easy target and with fame that he had from being a famous film director , it worked to his disadvantage to this day . I am glad that film shows that cultural differences between America -LRB- and Europe in this case -RRB- exist to this day . While Polanski is `` wanted '' in US , he is `` desired '' in France . The final clips about subsequent outcomes 30 years later show that not much has changed since.This is an amazing documentary . Ms. Zenovich did an excellent job in presenting all aspects of the story without taking any sides . I highly recommend you watch this documentary because it is impossible to retell all aspects of the case . One must see it for oneself .
 When I first heard about this documentary , I was weary of it . I automatically thought it would be yet another American hack-job on Roman and I was n't even swayed by the positive reviews it got.But , boy , did I have to eat my words ! Marina Zenovich presented a very balanced picture of the events of 1977 that actually -LRB- whoa ! -RRB- wound up being sympathetic towards Roman and the fact that he was indeed a victim of the sick , sorry joke that 's known as the American justice system.Clips of Roman 's movies , of the press frenzy that prevented justice from taking place on all sides of the issue , and the appropriate focus on the media whore Laurence J. Rittenband -LRB- he would have been proud of Lance Ito -RRB- woven together provided the background to an unfortunate event.Her work answered a lot of questions for me , but brought up fresh ones and it was great to see people who have not previously spoken about this open up in a big way . I will say it was refreshing to see famous people express my sentiments regarding the 1977 incident -LRB- all I 'll have to say about that is `` Thank you , Mrs. Sylbert ! '' and is that all Samantha Gailey Geimer had to say in response ? -RRB- . It was probably a shock for a lot of people to hear the D.A. in the case , Roger Gunson , say -LRB- in a roundabout way -RRB- that he understood why Roman fled to France , as it was for Ms. Zenovich when she said `` Really ? '' in a tone of complete shock.Another thing I enjoyed about watching this was the class that came from defense attorney Douglas Dalton . This case had all the makings of coming to a successful conclusion for everyone with all lawyers involved having clear heads and common sense , but it was very unfortunate that Rittenband was more enthralled with the press and his image than he was in seeing justice served and in being fair to the accused -LRB- something that 's lost in too many court cases in this country -RRB- and I 'm both pleased and elated that Ms. Zenovich had the foresight to focus on that here . -LRB- P.S. Could someone please explain why Rittenband was never disbarred ? -RRB- Overall , I was pleasantly surprised to see * some * justice done to Roman after all these years , but it still bothers me that , overall , the low-life scumbag Charles Manson and the zombies who did his dirty work are actually looked at more favorably and treated better by the American media than Roman Polanski . Care to disagree ? Look at the recent press on how wonderful these folks have been in prison and of `` poor '' Susan Atkins and comment.I 've watched this documentary three times in one week and feel better about the treatment Roman was given here each time -LRB- especially the very end where Roman proved he did n't need Hollywood to make good , award-winning movies -RRB- - even if he did refuse to be interviewed or Ms. Zenovich preferred to let Roman talk via archive footage -LRB- whatever the case may be -RRB- . This documentary also proved a point that 's been long overdue in making
 My father married my mum when he was 24 and she was 15 in 1941 . Today this would be considered molestation . What Roman Polanski did with this girl was totally orchestrated by her mother and possibly her . This girl could have sucked the chicken off of a bone . Like Monica Lewinsky , she knew what she was doing in order to get her career jump started . If I had been that girl , I would have been so privileged to have been `` sodomised '' by Polanski that I would have thanked my lucky stars . Those who are calling him rubbish are simply prudish or envious . With all this man had been through in his life , what could one expect that he would try to escape his pain . He is brilliant and truly an artist . France is lucky to have him and I would have done the same as he with that fraud Rittenband for a `` Judge . `` This film is so wonderful that I immediately ordered a copy after watching it someplace else . There are many great nostalgic photos of him and Sharon in their beginning , of the others surrounding them , and of the time that was . This film is insightful as to the truth behind the case I had always heard about and never really examined . One can see the pain on his face and know that his life has been as extraordinary as his art . God bless Roman Polanski .
 If pop culture in the 1970 's and 1980 's had a ground-zero , it would have been New York 's notorious Chelsea Hotel , as gloriously presented in Abel Ferrara 's brilliant new documentary . Utilizing archival footage of legendary residents -- from Andy Warhol to Sid Vicious -- and clever reenactments and flashbacks , `` Chelsea On The Rocks '' transcends the mold of mainstream documentaries and breaks fresh new ground that is both exhilarating and a bit frightening . Definitely worth owning !
 The film is a collage of the Chelsea hotel -- its history , residents , ghosts . Felt like I was there rather than being told what it was like at the Chelsea .
 Loved the mix of archival footage with re-enactments and interviews to paint a colorful portrait of a ground-zero in the world of Bohemian artists and rebels . My only complaint is the absence of identifying captions on some interviewees -LRB- ie. , who they are and what is their claim-to-fame ? -RRB- . Otherwise , it 's a documentary adventure that 's enlightening and very entertaining .
 I noted that people were wondering about some of the tenants who were not identified in the movie . One of them was my stepfather , Willem van Es . He was the Dutch gentleman who talked about the girls walking in with their guitars , and turning into prostitutes within the week , among other great one-liners . Willem really loved the Hotel Chelsea , and was positively tickled to have been in this movie , travelling to the opening at Cannes , and in New York . He was a resident since 1978 , and he always contributed to the culture and vibrancy of the hotel , if not always to the rent . He was an artist who made a living by doing specialty finishes on walls and wallpapers , through his and my mother 's studio , Willem van Es Design Studio . Many walls throughout the city bear their marks . The hotel is certainly a poorer place without him .
 If you 've ever been curious about the environmental impact that Hollywood has , this movie is perfect for you . In a quirky look at the entertainment industry , you 'll see the behind the scenes drama that arises when Hollywood tries to go green . It 's informative without being too preachy , and you 'll learn that going green is n't so easy . You 'll truly see the stress and conflict that arise when people are asked to give up their everyday luxuries and conveniences in the name of saving the earth .
 This is an awesome little documentary about how to make film production more green . It 's witty , interesting , and engages the audience to look at how their own recycling habits not only at home , but also in their workplace . Greenlit is a smart film that draws attention to how anyone , anywhere , any time can make a positive impact on the environment .
 If you do n't have the stomach for a long preachy doc about the environment than this is the movie for you because it is just the opposite . It is fairy short , 60 mi or so , and very funny . It moves quickly and while you are laughing you actually realize that Miranda Bailey the film maker just taught you something . I learned a lot and was n't annoyed at the fact that I learned how wasteful I am . I actually stopped using as many water bottles because of this film ... well , talk to me in a month , but for now I am going to try . Its cute , funny , and I loved it how she calls out Leo DiCaprio for being a bit of a hypocrite . Funny watching the Green girl heard geese too.Definitely watch it .
 In an ever-present debate regarding the impact humans have on the environment ; ` Greenlit ' puts the previously overlooked film industry under an eco-friendly microscope . Director Miranda Bailey sets forth on a journey to turn a film production into a green , environmentally friendly operation , attempting to answer the question of what it means to be `` green '' on a film set and if it a feasible goal for Hollywood to trade in the old ways for the new . Bailey is a quirky , entertaining host who guides the documentary through a crew who is less-than-enthusiastic about the additional steps it requires to stay environmentally friendly in the eyes of the eco-warrior Lauren Selman , the set 's environmental consultant.Facing internal sabotage and self-doubt , Selman and Bailey make a valiant effort to create a more aware crew and confront the looming low-budget woes which cause film crews to disregard their environment impact . The documentary sheds light on an issue previously not discussed and uses interviews with cast , crew and members of the community to illustrate an inconvenient truth ; it is n't easy being green . The film is thoughtful , unique and a must-see for any filmmaker attempting to minimize their carbon footprint .
 `` Greenlit '' is a fun , quirky romp that highlights the hassle of a production through the eyes of an environmentalist . Definitely an informative , new twist on green documentaries.Seeing as I have lived inside the hovering grey cloud known as LA for 2 years now , I have become accustomed to the ` normal ' pollution that plagues the city . It 's the city that does n't get dark at night , because all the light pollution refracts off all the normal pollution . An unnatural phenomena !! From the untrained eye , the movie industry is obviously an `` unstoppable '' pollutant-spilling beast that has overtaken LA like the plague ... . And it IS this so-called beast , but it is NOT unstoppable . This is what I took away from `` Greenlit '' , how easy it is to do our part to make little differences that add up to a big change . While there are plenty of green-focused docs out there , `` Greenlit '' took a much needed approach to reveal how it pertains to the movie industry , as well as what people can do on a daily basis to help curb their carbon footprint.Definitely recommend this movie to help learn how to have your hand in helping the environment on your next set , if not for just a fun documentary experience .
 Greenlit is an engaging documentary about the negative impact that the film industry has on the environment and the obstacles that stand in the way of making a `` green '' film . As we follow Miranda on her quest to investigate what being green really means in the fast-paced world of film-making , it becomes clear that most people are not yet willing to make the environment a priority . I was surprised when the environmental consultants hired to work on set had such a difficult time when they tried to implement recycling and to eliminate plastic water bottles ; two simple , low-cost changes that you would think most people would actually appreciate . The crew members complained about health risks from not drinking enough water , contaminated the compost with styrofoam peanuts , and were generally uncooperative with the consultants . As one of the frustrated consultants stated in the film , there is a great disconnect between people wanting to be green or make a green movie and them actually putting in the effort to make those changes . I really appreciated how Greenlit shed light on how people with good intentions do n't always follow through , and that 's just the reality of how many people relate to environmental issues especially in regards to their workplace . In the end , Greenlit leaves us with a dismal view of the current state of the film industry 's environmental impact , but it also contains a little bit of hope by acknowledging that the problem is n't going to be solved overnight ; the process will be gradual . Greenlit itself is one stepping stone on the path to making these important changes .
 This film was very captivating . The story as a whole was a sincere and realistic journey through the struggles faced in not only making a set `` green , '' but also changing a very tried and tested pattern for success for films . They did a nice job of pulling in outside facts to make the people , like myself , who are unaware of the extreme impact Hollywood has on the environment . The journey through this documentary pulled you into the feelings each person had about the greening process ; from hopeful , to stressful , to emotional , and at times people were very vocal . There were evident sides to the process , which were candidly shown , proving the honesty of the message and a connection to the core of the documentary . This was a great film to better understand the difficulties behind how big the carbon footprint really is in this industry .
 This documentary focuses on one industry 's struggle to promote and carry out green practices . The film industry may appear to have it all together environmentally , but they clearly do not . While their lack of cooperation was a bit upsetting , the movie crew provided the film with a source of conflict , which helped to keep the movie interesting . While environmental consciousness is usually portrayed in a very dry manner , this film has a much lighter approach , with jokes and quips interspersed fairly evenly throughout . At times this film seems more like a making of the movie The River Why , but it still has its own message . It does n't call for us to leave our cars at home or hardly ever flush our toilets . It 's much more real that . The film asks us to question our consumption and promotes the idea that the little things , like water bottles , can be huge if we all commit to them . It 's a good quick film that 's fun even while it makes you think .
 A documentary that both informs and entertains , `` Greenlit '' offers a refreshing new perspective on the Environmentalist movement . In this clever film , Indie Film Producer Miranda Bailey takes on the challenging task of making her newest Production , `` The River Why , '' an environment-friendly film . As she pursues her goals towards conservation , however , she realizes creating a `` Green '' set poses more challenges than anticipated.The film provides insightful information into the wastefulness of the film industry -- including a startling fact that the Film and Motion Pictures Industry is rated the third largest polluter of the Los Angeles area , according to a 2006 UCLA study . Keeping a steady balance of conflict and humor , as well as information and entertainment , this insightful documentary sheds light on the challenges of creating an environmentally conscious business and society . The conflict between the crew and hired waste management personnel in particular gives the film a unique and enticing edge . All the while , the film captures the struggle the environmentalist movement has impacting itself on a convenience and cost-efficiency based culture.A must see , this film displays that despite the challenges and inconvenience , even small steps towards waste management rewards both the individual and the environment .
 Overall , I think that the documentary was extremely effective in conveying its message . I think that everyone , including myself , assumes that Hollywood is a green industry . In reality , Hollywood is still very far from attaining a green lifestyle . In this sense , I think that the documentary inspires the viewer to make `` greener '' choices in their own lives , instead of waiting for huge companies or organizations to adopt green lifestyles . All in all , it was an interesting look at the reality of the film industry in terms of the environment .
 The film Greenlit illustrates very well how hard it is to be green on set . I find it very interesting that the film itself is not green , probably because they had a limited budget . Greenlit uses facts , interviews and B-Roll to drive home its main ideas . I thought the documentary did a very good job of showing both sides of the argument . The film also does an outstanding job of showing just how hard and expensive it is to make a smaller budget movie green . The movie follows it 's director and star Miranda Bailey through the process of producing an independent feature as well as trying to make it green . Miranda is very likable and I enjoyed watching her go through the process . I could totally relate to her because she was learning as she went along . Miranda is obviously passionate about making the movie industry greener . All in all I learned a lot from this documentary and would recommend it highly to anyone that I know .
 GreenLit is a very fun documentary to watch . It moves fast and is a quick watch . It basically shows how hard it is to be green while making a movie . Informative and fun . Some great editing techniques as well too . It is also really cool seeing zach gilford off the screen , in this movie .
 Really cool doc about greening an indie film production . Very informative with a great sense of humor as well . Something I would watch again and want my friends to see .
 I really enjoyed this documentary and will share it with my friends and family . Thank you . I learned a lot .
 Greenlit is a solid documentary that not only illustrates the hypocrisy of the film industry when it comes to being environmentally conscious , but also does an excellent job of illustrating the challenges of creating a green set . By interviewing members of the cast and crew , the doc shows how they want to be green , but do n't really want to alter their own habits to do it . Despite the great content , Greenlit struggled to find it 's voice . At times the film dragged a lot and some elements of comedy fell flat . The narrative was a bit inconsistent and it was n't entirely clear how successful they were at making a green film . Overall , however , this was a worthy documentary that did a fine job of presenting a problem and the hypocrisy that surrounds it .
 Saw this the other day . I knew the movie industry is repsonsible for a lot of the pollution in Los Angeles , but I had no idea it was this much.This documentary is short ands sweet but goes into a lot of details as to why and how the industry uses up so much resources . Defintely makes you want to go green after watching this one .
 This doc is great !! I enjoyed watching this funny and informative piece . Definitely will recommend to friends and family or anyone interest in green culture / film .
 Greenlit is a documentary that opens your mind about waste and the film industry . Being one of the biggest moneymakers in the world , it also produces tons of waste . One might not realize the impact the film industry has on the public but it is absolutely enormous . It puts a lot in perspective seeing that watching films and television shows is something almost everyone does everyday . Greenlit is a funny and touching film that introduces the concept of the film industry going green . Miranda Bailey , the film 's director , takes us on her journey to attempt making the film The River Why green . Bailey 's voiceover is not only funny but also poignant . As the film goes on everyone realizes the it is n't easy being green , but if everyone just takes small steps it can make a big difference . This documentary is something everyone should see . It puts a lot of things in perspective . Greenlit is short , sweet , and to the point .
 Greenlit is a short documentary about the concern of making the entertainment industry more environmental friendly . The film gets straight to the point , it entertains you , and best of all it takes on a largely objective point of you -LRB- unlike many modern documentaries -RRB- . We get to see the filmmakers attempt at making a `` green '' production and get reactions from the crew members themselves . Not everybody agrees with the green set approach but they do at the least become more environmentally sound . Greenlit is worth the watch , especially for those in the industry . You can learn a bit about recycling and at least question your methods in the making of a film and in life in general .
 This was a really informative documentary that did n't take itself too seriously . I really enjoyed watching this movie . I had no idea the amount of waste that the film industry creates . It seems as if a lot of Hollywood stars are big supporters of creating a more green culture but that is not really practiced in their own industry . It was really interesting seeing the difficulty of making even one film more ` green ' . But the film shows the complexities of creating a green set and how it can be more costly and make the jobs of the crew more difficult.I would recommend to anyone who is interested in how films are made and those concerned with ` green ' culture .
 This documentary was n't what I expected it to be - I thought it was going to be a lot more preachy about the importance of saving the environment . Instead , it 's a very realistic view of people just doing their jobs on a movie set , and the challenges they face when they have to rethink some of their habits in an effort to be more eco-friendly . I like how the take-away message is n't pushing an all-or-nothing approach to environmental consciousness . It just supports the attitude of being more aware of our impact on the earth and on our resources and making small , manageable adjustments that can really add up . In this way it 's very relatable and applicable to every industry , even just individuals living their lives . It was also nicely edited and very entertaining . A + !
 Great movie . Love anything with Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman . Not sure about the quality of this DVD . It did n't run well on my TV so going to try it on another TV to see if the problem is with the DVD or with the TV . Good story , no bad language , love story that ends sad . Worth a look .
 This is a great piece of history & a greater love story set against the background of the Spanish Civil War .
 The book is one of the finest novels ever written , imho . And basically , it is a love story.I 've not seen a handful of movies that live up to a great book . This one does not.This one is a fine movie . The spark between Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman on camera `` makes '' this movie so good.As good as the book ? That would be possible.A wonderful flick worth watching ? You bet.It helps to have read the novel first.BTW , the novel is NOT boring . It is a work of art . Buy it and start it and you 'll soon see why it is called a `` classic '' -- because it really is .
 Indiana Jones owes an enormous debt to Gary Cooper as Frank Jordan in `` For Whom the Bell Tolls '' and whoever costumed him . Just look at that hat and leather jacket ! Indiana is fun but Cooper as Jordan is the real deal .
 Look , I first saw this film when it was released , and I was just a kid . but every time Gary Cooper tousled Ingrid Bergman ` sshorn crop of hair I was he and she was mine . I had to have FWTBT and re-live that moment , and to hear Akim Tamaroff repeat `` I do not provoke '' over and over , and to hear Katina Paxinou as Pilar recount the tragic story of the mayor of her town and his anguished wife , and so much more . This is a major film and its importance has not vanished over time .
 This was a gift . This is a Classic ! They are happy with it and very happy to add it to their collection .
 Being and Ingrid Bergman and a Hemmingway fan , naturally a face as beautiful as that of Ingrid Bergman gets the movie moving the spanish setting is as perfect as the story . 5 stars .
 This movie was very well done in all respects . The two main actors , Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman , were chosen by Ernest Hemingway , whose novel was the basis of the movie , which followed closely to the book . It received several Academy Award nominations in 1943 and the Oscar was presented for Best Supporting Actress . The acting , direction , screenplay and setting contributed to excellent character development . The intrigue of the story kept your attention throughout the film .
 A splendid adaptation of Ernest Hemingway 's novel , this rousing , romantic adventure tells the tale of a love between a Spanish-born guerilla and an outsider who 's joined the cause out of political solidarity . Featuring solid performances by Cooper and the ravishing Bergman -- who gets off one of cinema 's most famous kissing lines -LRB- `` I always wondered where the noses went '' -RRB- -- Wood 's film is an absorbing treat . Katina Paxinou even picked up an Oscar for her fiery performance as de facto rebel leader Pilar . This `` Bell ' tolls for thee .
 I read the book For Whom The Bell Tolls before I saw the movie . The movie is terrific and sad but the book is better , is n't the book always better ? But this movie is a classic for very good reasons . It 's a beautiful movie , I recomend it to anyone .
 When I was quite young I found myself in possession of a set of Hemingway novels , I read and re-read them until I could almost recite them from memory.My favorite was For Whom the Bell Tolls . I think Hemingway died the summer I first read the book . I became fascinated with the tragic , heroic tale of Robert Jordan , his love for Maria , and all of the rest of the romantic , colorful characters in the book.I just finished watching this DVD , and all the memories of sitting under my favorite oak tree as an 11 year old with my face poked in the pages of a novel I loved , came flashing back.It could n't be more perfect , the storyline is faithfully followed , the characters are simply perfectly cast , just as I had imagined them.I highly recommend this DVD !
 This is my second favorite film of all time next to The adventures of Robin Hood -LRB- 1938 -RRB- staring Errol Fynn.This movie has everything action adventure and romance . I neverget tired of watching Gary Cooper who in my opinion is the grandaddy of Indiana Jones , no one else can wear the classic fedora and pre-world war 2 leather bomber jacket like Cooper . Ingrid Bergman -LRB- I always had a crush on her -RRB- plays a 19 year old spainish girl , it 's hard to believe she was 27 when she made this film in late august 1942 . I 'm half way through reading Ernest Hemingway 's book For whom the bell tolls , the book has more graphic sex than in the film . In the film Cooper and Bergman have smoking hot chemistry , it looks like at any moment they are going to be go at it in the sack . I hope paramount will release a 2 disc DVD set in 2008 in time for it 's 65th anniversary . I posted a few photos on amazon I hope you like them .
 I 'm not a fan of war films . There is too much shooting for me in this and I wondered if Hemingway had a love affair with guns . It 's very long and some of the sets look really fake . Sometimes I lost track of the characters.However I had to give it five stars ! Why , after all these criticisms ? One , for the theme . Although these specific characters were fictional , they were based on real people who gave their lives fighting for their principles . Not the least of these heroes and heroines was an American who gave up his academic career , as did a lot of others , to go to Spain to help the locals fight fascism . This is a story worth telling.Secondly , the cast is perfect ! It 's said that Hemingway personally selected Cooper and Bergman and they are wonderful . Gary Cooper was such a special man , his presence alone makes the film worth watching . The young Ingrid Bergman adds her own luminous qualities to the character of Maria . You can see why the American guy fell for her in spite of his resolve not to become personally involved . They are magic together , in spite of the age difference and one quickly forgives the fact that she does n't look at all like a Spanish peasant . Who cares ? The scene where they have their last night together could have been excessively , embarrasingly maudlin if played by lesser actors , but these two really pull it off . Anyone who can sit through the scene where she is forced to leave Cooper without shedding at least a few tears must have no heart.The Greek woman who plays the amazingly strong Pilar , is certainly memorable , too , as is the Russian who plays her loose cannon of a husband , Pedro.It is a little dated and , as I said earlier , very long . But it is worth sitting through -LRB- it took me two evenings -RRB- and you 'll remember it for a long time . Bring Kleenex !
 I bought the move for my father . He really enjoyed this classic movie and the price was right . Definitely great !
 If you enjoyed A Farewell to Arms as a movie , you 'll no doubt enjoy this gem . Although quite long , this movie is a true and solid adaptation of the amazing and extraordinary book . I particularly enjoyed the intense music score - you just do n't get that in today 's movies . Although Cooper and Bergman are good , the true stellar performance belongs to that of the lady -LRB- I do n't know her name - obviously -RRB- who plays Pilar , who deservedly won The Best Supporting Actress Oscar . Bergman , with her blonde hair , blue eyes , and immaculate makeup job , does n't exactly fill the role of the Spanish cave-dwelling , recently -LSB- attacked -RSB- Maria . The only annoyance with Cooper came when , after the horse falls on him and breaks his leg , he tells Maria to go on without him while exhibiting no semblance of pain whatsoever . I know Robert Jordan is stoic and ascetic , but anyone who breaks his leg and is about to die will be in at least some pain - come on.Having said that , I still found the movie to be powerful and provocative - just not as much as the book . But , of course , that goes without saying .
 ... why these complaints about a widescreen-version ? 20th Century-Fox released the first CinemaScope film in 1953 -LRB- The Robe -RRB- in order to outdo TV ... . True , there were occassional try-outs like Napoleon in 1927 , but the widescreen-system as we know it ; came in 1953 . FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS is a great as it can get . Bergman in particular shows us natural acting a ` la Brando - years before he came to the Hollywood scene ... Unfortunately ; the two weeks-shooting of Norwegian Vera Zorina as Maria is NOT included on the DVD . Ingrid raplaced her when the ballerina tiptoed through her role ; but actually was given the sack because of Cooper , Wood and even Hemingway ` s personal interests in Bergman . It would have been nice to see the difference between Vera and Ingrid.The production is lavish and the dialogue intelligent . It was not well-received in 1943 and suffered under the success of Casablanca . However ; I think Bergman is at her peak as MARIA and not as ILSA hehehehe
 Buy this movie . The Hemingway novel is brought to life with gusto ! Great acting , great story . I am glad it is part of my collection .
 A hollywood classic at it 's best . Ingrid Bergman displays innocents , warmth and the sincerity of a woman coming to terms with the cruelity of war . Gary Cooper is the hero , brave true and uncompromising in the face of danger ... Their love story is beautiful to the eye and raises the spirit of human courage to new heights ...
 A very young Cooper stared with Helen Hayes in '' A Farewell to Arms '' . In this film he does even better ! Ingrid Bergman was a very young girl and captures the war torn raped Spanish girl so well . This is the screen version of a novel that is a Nobel recognized masterpiece with two of Hollywood 's all time stars in lead roles . It is what they mean by a `` Classic Film '' . How I know a classic tragedy is that I dread and hope at the same time when I play it !
 I was fourteen years old when I attended the New York Premier of this movie at the Rivoli Theater . I have the original Premier Book from the theater ; which is NOT for sale . I immediately fell in love with the beautiful Ingrid Bergman . So did millions of other young men . This movie did not win the award of the year ; it was overshadowed by `` Casablanca '' ; which in my estimation , was of inferior quality , compared to For Whom the Bell Tolls . Bob Richards
 It 's excellent . The movie has the best acted and scripted characterization that I 've seen in a movie . It 's set in the Spanish civil war in 1937 . A Canadian national , played by Gary Cooper is sent on a mission to blow up a bridge . He needs the aid and cooperation of the local people . Ingrid Bergman plays an innocent Spanish girl who is hanging with the locals after having been released or escaped from being jailed by the fascists .
 Casts were chosen by the author Hemingway himself . That short comment on this film opening was really the miracle . Particularly Gary Cooper as American dynamiter Roberto and Ingrid Bergman as hapless young girl Maria could happen only through the number of miracles.SPAIN IN YOUR BACKYARDAs the movie opening says shooting took place Sonora Pass in California not in Spain . Is n't it ironic because Sierra Nevada Mountain Range itself was named by Spanish reminding them of the homeland mountains when they occupied the part of California.BONDED BY MOVIE DEALAt that time movie actors were strongly tied by contracts and that prevented both Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman from the role Hemingway wanted on the film . To win him the movie company had to pay huge money and Maria took it by accicent . She even cut her own hair to be Maria eventually sacrificing the next movierole.DELETION OF POLITICAL ASPECTThat is why the movie became successful and became a very entertaining one . The movie focus on the love development between Maria and Roberto which was excellently shown though a bit old-fashioned . Bergman 's Maria was so natural and you can see how far she was into the role . But the time provided another politics
 I own the film on Laserdisc , and I would have jumped at the chance to own the DVD for its improved color . However , I note that the overture and entre-acte on the DVD omit a superb collection of studio stills . Sad , since those little plums make the laserdisc an unforgettable version that the DVD makers deemed unnecessary . A great film , whose transfer to DVD is again marred by makers intent on money instead of class . I may still buy the DVD , but I am wary of any other cuts that may have occurred in the DVD version .
 I can not believe this film is released on DVD in full screen format only , and not in a widescreen format . Full screen is fine for films that are primarily shot indoors , but to do this to a movie with such scenic grandeur is a crime . This format totally destroys the cinematography and grand vistas of the orignal . Have a heart and release a widescreen version !
 Received my used/like new DVD in excellent condition . As advertised , it was like new . Not a flaw in the entire DVD . Proud to add it to my collection .
 When Hemingway picked Cooper and Bergman for this 1943 film , he could n't have done better . They 're heavenly to look at , and the chemistry between them is palpable . The dialogue has retained the style of the book , and they make it so natural , which is not an easy feat . Set in 1937 Spain , this Civil War story is an action packed adventure , but above all , it 's a love story.Terrific cinematography by Ray Rennahan , a good atmospheric score by Victor Young , and a slew of interesting character actors -LRB- Katina Paxinou won the Oscar for best supporting actress -RRB- back the magnificent leads.Cooper is not only gorgeous , but gives a subtle , lovely performance , and Bergaman , looking younger than her 29 years with her short , curly hair , is luminous ... I love the scene where she gets her first kiss , and says `` I always wondered where the noses went '' . Directed by Sam Wood , who a year earlier had directed one of Cooper 's most famous films , `` The Pride of the Yankees '' -LRB- and in ' 45 , was to team again with Cooper and Bergman in `` Saratoga Trunk '' -RRB- , did a wonderful job with Hemingway 's novel ... it stands up to many viewings , and is a must for Cooper and Bergman fans .
 Hemingway 's acknowledged masterpiece about Spanish Civil War guerillas was censored both in print and in film . In print , the four letter words were cut and stilted pseudo-Spanish substituted . That defect of course remains in this pretty much faithful transmission of the text ; it is what gives it a funny archaic sound most do not understand . Also , 2 key scenes were cut from the cinema release , to make the story less `` brutal '' and to emphasize the romance . These episodes were Pilar 's telling of the execution of the fascists in her village , and El Sordo 's final stand . Thankfully , this version restores both magnificent scenes , making a much tougher , grittier film that is worthy of Hemingway 's realism . One could only rate the prior version 3 stars , at best . This however is a first rate American film now being seen for the first time , 60 years later.The plot is very simple . An American joins the anti-Franco guerillas in the mountains to help them blow a key bridge . The guerillas suspect him and have their own internal problems . The Yank falls in love with a girl who has been brutalized by the fascists . With pluck he sticks to his mission until the film stops.The romance was tough going in the book , rather euphemistically treated . You could not deal with that realistically at the time , either ; Hemingway 's story pushed the limits of its time . Cooper and Bergman made the coupling palatable for an American audience then , and reviews here still attest that it works now . Fine ; I visualize it much more differently but am confident that EH 's idea still would not sell , albeit for different reasons . In any event the romance provides a plot engine to take one through part of a key historical event of the 20th century . Hemingway got over there as a partisan of the Communist opposition , but the novel was balanced enough to infuriate many prominent American reds in the media of his day.People should read the book , of course . This film is however , a sincere adaptation and faithful to the spirit of its day . Ultimately , Cooper 's signature performance nails just the right tone for this presentation of what critics of the day called `` grace under pressure . ''
 No doubt about it ! This DVD deserves a perfect 5 -LRB- this is the second that I give after ROBOCOP director 's cut -RRB- . 130 minutes of absolute pleasure with actors who were real stars
 The more I watch FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS the more I appreciate it . Although the movie drags a bit in places - especially in the beginning - the suspense and action eventually build to a magnificant climax making the wait worthwhile.The film deserves its many Academy Award nominations . Gary Cooper is an excellent choice for Robert Jordan , an idealistic college instructor who joins the loyalist cause as a demolition expert . Ingrid Bergman is so good in the role of the young Maria that it is actually possible to forget that she is Swedish and not Spanish . I ca n't remember ever seeing much better acting than that of Cooper and Bergman in their final scene together . Of course there are many other memorable moments in this movie such as El Sordo 's last stand on a hill against the Fascist forces.Katina Paxinou received an Academy Award for best supporting actress as Pilar who is one of the guerilla leaders and a thoroughly liberated female Gypsy.FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS is faithful to Hemingway 's novel . The special effects are excellent for their time . However , the army tanks in particular seem to be very unconvincing.Sam Wood was an outstanding director . He also directed PRIDE OF THE YANKEES and the original GOODBYE , MR. CHIPS with Robert Donat and Greer Garson.Above all FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS is a love story . It is also an anti-war film and a story told mostly about guerillas fighting on the losing side in the Spanish Civil War .
 For me , FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS is the finest screen adaptation of any of Hemingway 's novels . Not only does it star Gary Cooper -- the most complete interpreter of the Hermingway hero on screen -- but it has a luminous performance from Ingrid Bergman in the role of Maria . When it opened in 1943 , a criticism centered on the fact that it did not specifically mention Franco . However , what might have been a germane criticism back then is now a genuine plus . Had this been focused on Franco , it now would be a dated period piece . Instead , this story of doomed wartime love remains achingly moving . And its theme of `` no man is an island '' is still haunting , and the final images stay with you long after the film is over . Cooper 's presence is especially fascinating , since this is an ensemble piece , and never once does he use his inconic aura to break free of the ensemble and dominate the screen . Highly recommended .
 I 've been on a quest to watch movies based on Hemingway books and see how well they compare to the words of the master . Chances are I will end up disappointed , I know . I confess I was afraid that this movie would be too watered down , in order to comply with commercial and censorship requirements of the 1940s , but I have to say the movie is an outstanding adaptation of a great novel.The movie is long so you might want to use the `` intermission '' and leave the second half for another day . At least that 's what I did and it was a smart thing because I was fresh for the thrilling finale . Great acting and great action scenes . Remember , it was all filmed more than 60 years ago ! In fact , the last 20 minutes or so , portraying the fantastic last chapter of the book , are nearly faultless and absolutely convicing , keeping me on the edge of the seat ! And above all , they did not mess with the end of the story.I would like to thank a previous reviewer who shared that the original version did not contain two of the key `` war passages '' of the book
 Two Hemingway/Cooper collaborations here in a row . This one however , transfered excellently from novel to movie . As bad as the print of Farewell to Arms was , For Whom the Bell Tolls was clean & clear . The Sierra Nevada Mountains as a backdrop were spectacular & the perfect stand-in for the mountains of Spain . Gary Cooper , Hemingway 's favorite actor , was Robert the American . Ingrid Bergman was Maria . They were never better & the chemistry was there . I 've been in love with Ingrid Bergman for 40 years , ever since I first saw her in Casablanca . That movie has 441 reviews , so I 'm not even going there . Her hair was cropped short . It was very sexy & everyone it seemed wanted to touch it . She threw herself at Robert & he caught her drift pretty quickly . `` You are shameless '' he said , more than once , & she was . A flawlessly beautiful face & blue eyes to die for . It has been said that both Cooper & Bergman could inhabit a role they were playing . It really did n't look like they were playing . Excellent acting all around . Akim Tamiroff was excellent as the treacherous Pablo . The rarely seen Katrina Paxinow won a supporting actress Oscar as Pilar . She actually had a leading role behind Cooper & Bergman as the leader of the rebels , a seer & surrogate mother to the young Maria . She allowed Roberto & Maria to be together in the short time they had . It 's the Spanish Civil War in the 30 's & they are hiding from the facist . Robert is there to blow up a bridge . But it is the love story that is the focus . In many war movies the love story is a stupid interlude . Not in this one . Their long love scenes , -LRB- tasteful , remember it 's 1943 -RRB- & dialogue are some of Hemingway 's best writing . A real keeper , & classic Hollywood moviemaking .
 I think the reason why this 1943 film is n't really fully appreciated by the public of today is because this is n't the typical action-packed Hollywood film . It 's a character-driven story with loads of dialogue and few action , and that 's why it 's so good . Plus , it has Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergmann ; the chemistry between them seems so real in this film . And of course , there 's Katina Paxinou as Pilar . She 's spectacular , and she deserved the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress . The ending is n't much of a tearjerker when compared to other sad endings , but it is still a powerful ending -LRB- probably one of the most powerful endings of all time -RRB- . Hemingway himself may have been displeased with this film adaptation of his own novel , but that does n't stop me -LRB- and many others -RRB- from admiring this work of art .
 If you are a lover of old movies like I am , then you owe it to yourself to check out this film . Action from the beginning until the very end , and the chemistry between Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman simply sizzles.Each and every character was perfectly cast in this tale of war fought under harsh conditions and in unusual circumstances.This DVD has a fine transfer with excellent video and audio . Both the film and the DVD get my highest recommendation.I ca n't wait to watch it again !
 I am quite shocked this movie has gotten such bad reviews . I laughed so hard I cried ! It 's just another laid back comedy that just makes you laugh . All the actors were great and I think they complemented each other well . It 's been a while since a comedy has come out that I laughed so hard I cried and this one definitely made that happen . I guess it really depends on people 's humor but I love to laugh ! The more ridiculous the better !
 I 'm a Jennifer Aniston fan so I watched it only for her . I did n't expected anything because it was a box office failure or because of the bad critiques , but I 'm happy I watched it . I expected a dumb non-sense film because of the bad promotion it had , but the movie is nothing like the trailer tries to show it . It has an amazing script , funny jokes , and a refreshing plot -LRB- nowadays , Comedy Films are about stupid jokes and dumb plots -RRB- , but Wanderlust manages to balance comedy and drama when it has to without any effort . Jennifer and Paul make great chemistry , and it 's amazing to see them back since the ending of `` Friends '' . Watch it if you 're looking for feel-good movies . You wo n't regret
 Everyone seems to be typing such long reviews here . Why ? Who has the time to sit and read you 40 page thesis paper on Wanderlust?Point is if you have that feeling that a really great comedy has n't come out for a while , you 'll love Wanderlust , for relief 's sake if nothing else . It 's a good movie ; it 's a well made movie ; the acting is strong and the characters are round , but most importantly , it 's funny . Someone below said `` it 's a good rainy day movie '' . No . It 's just a funny movie . Not rolling in the aisles clutching your sides funny , but well-written , good joke , Arrested Development funny.Also Jen Aniston is still a total babe , which has to be some kind of Guinness World Record .
 Paul Rudd is always amazing , as well as jennifer aniston ! The movie was pretty funny . . not the best but definitely not the worst .
 i chose this rating because the movie was entertaining and very funny and i would recommend this movie to anyone who needs a good laugh .
 I saw this movie on netflix and knew it would be one that I 'd want to watch again . I was right !
 Such a good movie ! It 's one of my favorites by far ! Had a bad day ? Pop this in and you will feel better from allThe laughing you 'll do ! I bet you will rewind the mirtor sceen with paul rudd its GREAT !! Love it !! : -RRB-
 This movie is wickedly funny ! Is it kinda dumb ? Yes . Will 20-somethings not `` get it '' ? Yes . But for anyone 50 + it will definitely give you `` flashbacks '' ! LOL !! -LRB- My 82-year old mother-in-law loved this movie !! -RRB- I admit I was surprised by the very brief but very graphic nudity , but ca n't imagine the film without it , as it is not what you think and is absolutely hysterical ! Jennifer Aniston is perfect in this role , and Paul Judd gives a great performance as well . I could watch this again and again , it is so funny !
 Loved this movie . Its not for young people , thus an R rating . It is full of well written hilarious scenes . If u are a lover of Family Guy styled comedy , you will love it .
 Not our typical rom com ... Actually funny I watched it twice and recommended to some friends who thought highly also
 This was a very funny movie , enjoyed by everyone in the family , then mailed to other family members in another state for their enjoyment . Met all expectations .
 Hilarious ! This movie had me dying laughing from beginning to end ! Be prepared for some full frontal though ! Lol ! : -RRB-
 Charming and witty , this film should be running on a loop in commune movie rooms everywhere . I only wish they had more outtakes .
 My husband and I laughed the whole movie . Highly recommended to watch if you need some laughter in your life .
 Wanderlust was a surprisingly hilarious movie . I 'll admit that the first time I saw it , I felt it was a decent movie ... if anything . The difference with this movie -LRB- as is with several others ... -RRB- is the more you watch it ... THE FUNNIER IT GETS.I noticed a lot of movies lately become cult favorites ... BECAUSE people watch it again and again . Paul Rudd is CLASSIC in this movie and Jen Anniston ... though not as great as HORRIBLE BOSSES ... still puts in a good performance . I purchased this movie only because I ca n't stop watching it ! I recommend this movie to anyone who likes hilarious dialogue and crazy situations that the characters are forced into .
 This is a good funny movie that i never heard of b4 until i was searching thru amazon and you should definitely give it a shot and check it out i think u wo n't be disappointed .
 If you do n't have a sense of humor , do n't bother watching this . If you are a David Wain and / or Paul Rudd fan , you will love this movie . It is hilarious with classic Wainisms and Rudd should win an Oscar for his performance . The writing will keep you laughing out loud and sure to inspire movie quotes with friends for years . The story is n't the greatest in the world and can be sappy at times but who cares , that is not what you are watching this movie for .
 Movie was in excellent condition.Very few scratches or scrapes.Played wonderfulonly a few pauses -LRB- may be my players fault -RRB- the shipping was right on time and the packaging was very safe.I am very satisfied
 I do n't know what is wrong with these critics . . are you too slow to get it ? Or is it only funny to people who can relate to the whole hippie commune thing ? Either way , I thought it was hilarious . Thank you to the cast and creators . Bravo !
 This was a lot of fun , and a lot wittier and more insightful than I had expected . Still a dumb comedy , just a lot smarter than most .
 I ca n't imagine any newborn baby feeling grateful or appreciative for having parts of themselves -LRB- placenta , umbilical cord , etc -RRB- removed from them moments after being born - especially when the `` pulsating '' cord was still delivering nutrients and oxygen to them . Does this produce a level of stress leading to a release of an excess amount of adrenaline ? Could delayed cord severing or waiting for the cord to fall off on its on time -LRB- 2 - 5 days -RRB- help the child to feel more connected/grounded in life ? Navel-gazing on the navel . I think this movie deserves credit for giving viewers a rare look at how natural child birthing is done where the cord is allowed to drop off on its own accord -LRB- `` A Lotus Birth '' -RRB- . I found the `` truth circle '' scene where one of the newcomers was being given constant advice on how to speak from one 's heart hilarious . But I can see why many reviewers did n't like this movie . It was a bit rushed and it portrayed many of the indulgent aspects of boomers/hippies living in communes -LRB- intentional communities -RRB- where at one point the owner of the facility admitted that he had missed out on a lot of life by remaining in his cocoon . The poorly done trailer probably added to its unpopularity . I think this movie is basically good natured while offering an educational peek into an alternative way of living .
 I loved this movie ! Now , I know I am being a bit partial because I did extra work on the movie , so I was there to see scenes that did n't make it in and scenes that did but before they were edited . So , for me finally seeing the final product was great . I saw the movie in theaters multiple times and took different people to see it . Everyone that saw it with me enjoyed it as well . It is a silly comedy , with some messages underneath . I think the movie speaks highly to not letting things get to you and taking the time to appreciate the small things . I loved all the actors in the movie , they were all very nice and down to earth as well on set . I think it has plenty of laughs and the only thing I have n't seen in the bizarro cut , which I am interested to see because I 'm sure some of the things I did n't see make it in , are in that.Overall , a great movie and a good time . : -RRB-
 i havent heard anything about this movie , decided to watch it and glad that i did . very funny , excellent story . definitely worth renting and watching if you want to have a good laugh ... also check out HORRIBLE BOSSES similar cast and the funniest movie i seen in a while .
 Plain and simple it 's funny ! The perfect movie for date night or to just stay in and kick back and enjoy .
 Wasnt to sure when we rented it but ended up being a pretty good movie ... for adults not one for the kiddos . Funny
 This movie was awesome . I loved the comedy and I love Paul Rudd . The scene where Paul Rudd is in the mirror is freaking priceless . Highly recommended if you are a fan of stupid comedy , kind of like Super Troopers .
 I liked the pairing of Paul and Jennifer . It was definitely sutuational comedy and pretty good.I recommend it for a late night movie or rainy day movie .
 Just hilarious . Actually better than we expected it to be . And I agree with the other reviewer that Paul Rudd 's scene in front of the mirror with himself is some of the funniest stuff I have even seen . Worth it for that alone .
 pretty funny movie i love both jennifer aniston and paul rudd and it thoroughly entertained me ive even watched it twice
 This movie is not only outlandish and original but , of course with Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston , the movie is too hilarious . These two play their parts very well , and the rest of the &#34; hippie cult &#34; is so funny . This movie will make you laugh hard .
 great movie . . hahaha omg , this has to be one of the funniest in a while !! no issues with playno issues with purchaseno issues at all !
 I 'm looking at all of the negative reviews on here and 90 % of them are based on the graphic nature of the film and the fact that it 's not for younger audiences ... DUH!The film is rated `` R '' , meaning anyone under 17 needs to be accompanied by an adult to see it in theaters or to purchase it in the store . If you do n't want to watch a hilarious movie with shocking obscenity and nudity , go watch something else.I personally think `` Wanderlust '' is the perfect film for anyone who 's questioned their life 's path and I think the movie has some wonderfully understated moral themes about individuality versus group identity.Jennifer Aniston , Justin Theroux and Paul Rudd are all at their best while they 're working together . It 's also fun to see three giant movie stars doing a film that was not a sure-fire blockbuster guarantee.I say , if you 're not a prude , see this film ; If you are , go see another crappy remake of a fairy-tale or a movie about harmless vampires falling in love .
 After missing `` The State '' when it was on the air , I became a fan of David Wain when `` Stella '' hit Comedy Central in 2005 . From there I went back and visited Wet Hot American Summer and Role Models . Wet Hot American Summer is a classic while Role Models is humorous but just slightly better than average overall . Expectations were honestly pretty low for Wanderlust . The trailers were mostly just toilet humor -LRB- literally -RRB- and what appeared to be your everyday modern couple going to live with a group of hippies . How good could that be ? It 's probably because expectations were so low that Wanderlust is as great as it turned out to be.George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and Linda -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- are moving to New York to follow their dreams . Well , George is reluctantly moving there while Linda follows her dreams . Now they find themselves with a studio apartment -LRB- oh excuse me , a `` micro-loft '' -RRB- that is incredibly tiny and massively expensive . But things get rough when Linda 's hopes get washed down the drain and George loses his job . George 's brother Rick -LRB- Ken Marino -RRB- has a job waiting for George , but they 're all the way in Atlanta . Leaving their dreams behind , George and Linda go on a road trip and stop at Elysium before reaching their destination . Elysium is unlike anything George and Linda have ever experienced before as everyone shares everything , is so open with one another , and even believes in free love . As everything that could go wrong does , George and Linda are faced with the decision of continuing to live in the city for the technology and advancements they love or moving to the country , being stripped of that technology , and feeling happier than they can ever remember.One could argue that Wanderlust uses the same formula over and over involving raunchy jokes and dialogue and featuring the most nudity of any film in your recent memory . That may be the case , but if you 're familiar with David Wain 's humor then this should come as no surprise . You probably know what you 're getting yourself into and you 're either a fan of his work or you hate it -LRB- but then why would you be seeing this anyway ? -RRB- . Wanderlust is labeled as a comedy and if it makes you laugh , then it 's done its job . If anything , this is actually a return to form for both Wain and the majority of the cast of `` The State . `` The film throws you headfirst into hilarity as the `` breaking the apartment in the old fashioned way '' scene is kind of a warm-up for what 's to come . George 's sarcasm is what will more than likely win you over the most while Linda 's inability to commit to any sort of career causes her character to be pretty unpredictable . Elysium is a gold mine of eccentric characters ; the most noteworthy being Wayne -LRB- Joe Lo Truglio -RRB- the nudist and Seth -LRB- Justin Theroux -RRB- . Wayne 's nude habits will either have you in tears from laughing so hard or cause you to turn away in disgust while Seth 's outdated technology references , his ability to loiter around doorways out of sight and selfish tendencies are hilarious in their own right . Paul Rudd 's mirror scene is what you 'll remember the most though as you 'll be laughing for a good two or three minutes straight from that scene alone.Wanderlust does get pretty outlandish in its second half , but it is n't exactly the most grounded concept to begin with . There are several dream-like sequences that are fantastically surreal . The two that come to mind are Linda 's peyote-like trip during the trust circle and George 's fly dream . The fly dream is actually one of my favorite scenes in the movie since it 's just so bizarre and random yet manages to fit the flow of the movie somehow.The R-rated comedy does have its shortcomings though . Rick is easily the most annoying character to be featured in any film so far in 2012 . You 'll breathe a sigh of relief once his story arc is resolved . The other main one is the film 's conclusion . It feels a bit generic when all of the raunchiness is dropped for heartfelt speeches and the struggle to do what 's right . Everything still comes together in a logical sense , but it 's in a way that seems so familiar which is kind of a letdown . The transition just does n't feel as smooth as it should.Wanderlust is vulgar , obscene , littered with jiggling unclothed man and lady parts , and downright disgusting at times , but it 's laugh out loud funny because of all of these things . The story may be a bit lacking in parts , but your laughter will drown out whatever flaws the movie may have . While Wanderlust may not be for everyone , it certainly soars and caters to those who love this type of comedy .
 I was reading snippets from numerous critics about this movie after watching it and I was surprised to find several panning it because it was n't funny . I get the fact that some people could be offended by the language , `` sexy talk '' and plenty-o-nudity but not funny ? Then I remembered how much I hated `` Tim and Eric 's Billion Dollar Movie . `` As I think back a few hours about this movie I would argue that it might be just another comedy if not for the brilliance and comedic genius of Paul Rudd . Yes , Jennifer Aniston seems to get more beautiful as she gets older and yes , she has her moments -LRB- including one involving pixilated boobs -RRB- but this is Rudd 's movie . He plays George and is married to Linda -LRB- Aniston -RRB- . They live in New York City . After several unsuccessful career moves , Linda makes a pitch to HBO to show a documentary she produced about testicular cancer in penguins . Pretty funny concept right there . She 's turned down.George is a successful business executive in the financial sector . As the CEO of his firm is perp-walked away in handcuffs for some form of SEC malfeasance , George loses his job . All of this comes the day after they movie into their brand new micro-loft studio apartment . In route to Atlanta in their aging Honda , where George 's brother Rick -LRB- co-writer Ken Marino -RRB- has promised a job , they stumble upon a bed and breakfast where they hope to stay for the night . Located in northern Georgia , it is actually a commune community where characters of all stripes are in residence . In spite of their differences , George and Linda enjoy their stay but must move on to Atlanta.After a night or two in Rick and Marisa 's -LRB- Michaela Watkins -RRB- suburban home , they 've had enough -LRB- Rick is an A-hole and Marisa is always drunk or drugged -RRB- and head back to the commune . While , the comedy is a bit uneven at times , Rudd manages to rescue every scene he 's in . In one of the funniest bits I 've ever seen , George readies himself for a sexual liaison with Eva -LRB- Malin Akerman -RRB- . Even with his wife 's blessing , George has second thoughts so tries to pump himself up in front of a mirror . He goes through several minutes of clearly unscripted riffs about how he 's going to perform . Using one clich&eacute;d macho term after another , I could n't stop laughing . It continues when he gets to the bedroom and actually confronts Eva . He promises what she is going to experience which goes on until she is no longer interested . I imagine this scene took forever to shoot and how Akerman kept a straight face is amazing itself.This movie is not for the prudish . It includes full frontal nudity , some of which you really do n't want to see -LRB- aging nudists running ! -RRB- , crude banter -LRB- sexual and otherwise -RRB- and some disgusting remnants of childbirth . This is a very funny film .
 This film was not marketed at all , and so almost everyone missed it . This is a damn shame because it 's the funniest movie I 've seen in a while . While it 's not as smart or original as Role Models , Wanderlust is probably funnier on a joke-by-joke basis . When David Wain is at his best , his humor comes not at the expense of the characters , but because they 're so fun to watch . Wain is at his best here , and anyone who 's ever enjoyed any of his stuff needs to own this DVD .
 I do n't understand how everyone seemed to hate this movie . It was typical Paul Rudd . If you are a fan of his acting style and comedy you will like this movie . I really enjoyed it and have been wanting to see it again since I seen it in the theater .
 Whomever is hating on this film is completely missing out . This movie is funny , fun to watch and precisely what my wife and I needed for our movie night . What more could you want from the `` Wet Hot American Summer '' creator ? We loved it ! The only thing I thought , was when Michael Ian Black , Michael Showalter and Wain himself have little cameos ... I missed Stella and wanted the three to be a bigger part of the film ! Hopefully there will be future Wain projects that include them more thoroughly . I will not spoil any plot points here , but needless to say , I watch a lot of the films that come out each year and was quite happy with this one , one of the best of the year !
 I can tell that anyone under the age of 62 will have a hard time with the concepts in this movie & wo n't be `` gettin ' it '' ... I am 68 years young and this was a pick-me-up & throw me back to the good ol' days in downtown San Francisco and the `` Summer of Love '' 1968 . Loved this movie !!! Man ... everyone needs to `` chill out '' and enjoy the `` scene '' and `` get down with it '' . Seeing Alan Alda was a treat ... he has never lost the `` touch '' ... he played a pivotal role in the film , and always makes me laugh . Jennifer was slightly out of character but , was great as someone having a complete `` change of life '' moment . Paul Judd seemed to fit well in the `` soup '' of the cast , seemed a bit stiff ... but mostly was his character . I have seem some of the reviews panning this movie ... wow ... do we have a bunch of people out there that are so `` PC '' they ca n't even enjoy a good romp once in awhile ??? This movie represents a moment in time when we should stop and consider life , friendships , relationships , and just being able to have fun !! It seems that most people today have totally forgotten how to do just that ... sad scene folks ... So get this film and put aside any expectations ; just relax and enjoy . . I highly recommend this movie !!
 A great film for a good laugh . Silly , to be sure , but I laughed until I cried . A nice break from the heaviness that sometimes accompanies reality .
 I 'm glad I saw this movie online . . I was going to purchase it and then had second thoughts due to other reviews . . But I really enjoyed watching it , it was totally different from any other movie I have seen , kinda takes you back to the 60 's , yet a little weird , comical and serious .
 Wanderlust is a light comedy that requires no thinking on the viewers part . The characters are interesting to say the least . Overall an ok movie . Would I buy it , no . Would I rent it for a couple of bucks to kill a Saturday night , yes . In an age of reality television this is a much better alternative .
 I thought this movie was so funny , it had me laughing to tears multiple times . Definitely not for the prudish type , though , as there is plenty of dirty talk and nudity . I love Paul Rudd 's style of comedy and Jennifer Aniston plays on it perfectly . I will absolutely recommend this movie !
 It was pretty good ... a little slow at times somewhat raunchy at others . Overall I would recommend the movie to adults .
 I 've been a fan of David Wain since the State on MTV in the 90 's . I love his style of irreverent humor and his particular brand of pacing and comedic timing is present throughout . Great to see him back with Paul Rudd after Role Models and Wet Hot American Summer .
 Excellent movie to watch ! Great cast . Just a fun loving film . Would watch this film again if I needed cheering up!Wanderlust
 I 've seen the reviews for Wanderlust here , on imdb.com , yahoo , etc. . Man , there are a lot of people `` hatin ' on '' this movie ! I do n't get it . My husband and I thought it was * hilarious * . We laughed -- hard -- all the way through . I am a sucker for Paul Rudd and loved seeing him teamed up with Jennifer Aniston again -LRB- remember The Object of My Affection ? -RRB- . Justin Theroux was quite excellent . Hey , it 's a light , funny bit of fun and sometimes there 's nothing wrong with just that !
 I liked this movie a lot . I spoke to a lot of people who also saw it . Their first comment was that it was silly . But after 10 min . If recapping scenes they were laughing hard . It is silly and very funny . Paul Rudd is the best .
 This movie was pretty funny , but not entirely original or surprising . Justin Theroux was the best part . All of the performances are solid , but his stood out . Paul Rudd and Jennifer Amiston were Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston , but that is n't really a knock . The movie was entertaining and worth watching .
 Lots of laughs in this nicely made comedy about trying to escape the pressures of everyday life and finding that the pressure just follows you in a different form . Great fun !
 Crazy comedy about two city folks struggling in their relationship and environment , having to drive to Atlanta to ask Paul Rudd 's obnoxious brother for a job . They stop for the night on the way down and end up in a hippie commune where folks like to live off the land and run around naked a lot . Place is a little too strange for Paul and Jennifer Aniston , so they pack up and go to Atlanta . Job sucks , brother makes life miserable , so they go back to Elysian Fields , and get caught up in the very funny lifestyle . A struggle over the property -LRB- owned by Alan Alda and several co-founders of the place -RRB- ensues , the couple gets back together and they help save the day . You will enjoy if you like broad humor , slapstick , and Jennifer going topless on the news to gain attention for the property battle . I might be a little bias in liking this film , because I appear in a cameo as one of the co-founders , Jerry Beaver .
 Awesome movie . . I thought it was so funny . If you like a movie that 's funny and u do n't really have to think . . just watch and enjoy and laugh ? This is the movie for you . . great actors too !
 This movie was a 5 star sleeper ! We ca n't get enough of it . We keep watching it over and over again because there are so many funny lines ! Fantastic movie !!!
 I 'm a 32 year old female who is not easily offended nor am I uncomfortable at the sight of a naked man in a movie . Shocked ? Maybe , but only because this is so rare in non-pornographic films . In fact , I always wonder why female nudity is more widely accepted in movies whereas if you see a naked guy it 's like you splashed acid into a person 's eyes . This movie is for adults who have a good sense of humor and , as others have mentioned , are not easily offended . If you are the type that is easily offended that 's fine just stick to Disney movies please.I got ta say I did n't expect to really like this movie . I had never even heard of it up until it appeared in my local Redbox . Paul Rudd ? Yes , please ! If you 're a fan of his style of comedy , do yourself a favor and watch this film . I loved the acting . I loved that the movie surprised me in good ways . Where I expected at first to only laugh a little I ended up laughing a lot . Enough to draw tears and make my family wonder what I was watching that made me involuntarily imitate an upset hyena . I just could n't help it .
 Easily one of the funniest paul rudd movies ive seen . This had me laughing from start to finish which is hard to do nowadays for me anyways . Jennifer aniston is great in this movie and this is by far paul rudds best performance . You might find his mirror scene annoying the first time but it only gets funnier every time you rewatch this movie . Also the unrated edition is on the special features and is 18 minutes shorter ... its more of a blooper version i think ... its not as funny but its funny to watch if that makes any sense ... dont watch the unrated version before the standard .
 Amazon instant videos always delivers the best picture and sound quality ! Enjoy having Prime also ! The movie selection in both instant video and Prime videos are amazing , and free shipping on most Amazon products make my Prime membership well worth having ! Wunderlust with Jennifer Aniston was a great choice for comedy ! Thank u Amazon ! Mrs. Sheri Denato
 I purchased this movie after I saw it from a rental , and it is so funny , it 's just one of those movies that you just have to have .
 Clearly this is not `` great cinema '' or a deep film in any way , but so what ... it 's a comedy and it does have many funny scenes . I assumed that because of the 3 * rating , it would be one of those 2 laugh movies that are mainly just boring filler . I kept passing it by for that reason . Well , I finally gave it a try , and it was actualy pretty entertaining . Now , let me say this - I have never done a movie review before , and I do n't generally enjoy artsy , introspective films , per se . Primarily , my favorite genres are thriller/mystery/suspense films . I find it difficult to go by people 's reviews because everyone has different tastes . Product reviews are more cut and dry - it works or it does n't , it has these features , etc. . A film is subjective . Usually , if it has 1 star and a bunch of reviews , you can assume it is something to pass up , but what about something like this , where it has a middle of the road rating , a mix of good and bad ? I liked it , but there are some films I like that you might loathe , so I 'll say this : It was funny enough to keep my interest and make me chuckle here and thereThere is some nudity , portrayed in a comical light , definitely some dirty languageIt 's certainly not a movie where I just had to know how it ended , I was just enjoying the quips.If you like Paul Rudd , this has plenty of his style of sarcastic humor - love thatlots of funny characters , not just one or twoI just wanted to add a positive review , because I think there may be some people out there , like myself , who passed this up because of the rating and do n't realize that it is actually a funny film worth renting . I 'm not at all sorry I rented it , like I am in the case of a movie called `` 9 June '' which also has a 3 * rating - that was something that I ca n't believe I sat through , just waiting and waiting for something to happen . So , you never know , both films with similar ratings , and I had completely opposite reactions to them .
 this movie was hilarious-its made even better if you have people like this in your life and can relate ... i especially enjoy the non aggressive clapping.lol
 Wanderlust was better than expected . There were some fantastic one liners and some very funny pieces -- particularly if you know people who are into the whole intentional community thing . Kerri Kenney was just spot on and Alan Alda was great as usual .
 I read a lot of reviews before going ahead and deciding to rent this movie . I am a woman in my thirties who loves comedies , especially romantic comedies . And if you are someone who has kept up with recent movie trends in comedy , you know that nudity and vulgar humor is nothing new . If you have seen `` Forgetting Sarah Marshall '' and `` American Reunion '' you have seen male nudity . Honestly , it 's about time . We 've been watching naked women for decades on television . It 's about time some naked men were added to the mix . Most of the reviews here have exaggerated the amount of nudity in this movie . Basically , just one guy is naked through the movie , with one scene at the end in which everyone is running and naked -LRB- and it 's funny -RRB- . I wo n't get into details about the movie itself , but if you like today 's idea of what a comedy is or a romantic comedy , like `` My Best Friend 's Girl , '' you will enjoy this movie . I laughed many times . Paul Rudd is his usual hilarious self -LRB- and even funnier -RRB- and you get to see another side of Jennifer Aniston that she has yet to display in prior films . I really enjoyed this movie . I just got done watching it and am going to watch it again . Although , I felt the need to write this review for all the other people out there like myself , who are open-minded , down to earth , enjoy a good laugh and do n't take offense to nudity . It 's not one of those cheesy movies you watch and want to stop watching 5 minutes in . It 's interesting and entertaining from beginning to end . I truly ca n't understand all of the bad reviews , unless the world consists of a lot of snobby , pretentious people ? If you are a red-blooded , meat-eating -LRB- or vegan -RRB- American , you will love this movie ! I hope that my review has done the job of helping others like myself decide whether or not they would like to rent this . If you want to be entertained and laugh , rent this movie now . If you are looking for some philosophical movie with some intrinsic deeper meaning , rent something else . Again , I really enjoyed this and am watching it again .
 One of those movies many dont know about that is VERY FUNNY ... &#34; CUT SCENE &#34; ... hahaha , I loved this movie , my lady did not ... lol
 This was a pretty funny movie but I 'm glad it only cost us less than $ 5 to watch it and not closer to $ 20 cuz it was n't that funny !
 I like it ! I really do n't have anything else to say . I still need to write more words , what a pain !
 This movie is very funny . It 's a little out there in terms of how the people portrayed in the movie live , but well worth a watch -LRB- not really a movie for kids -RRB- .
 Very funny . Now I want to be a hippy !!! I wonder if Alan Alda ownes a place like this in Montana ? If so that would be perfection !!!
 It would be hard to get me to say anything bad about this movie . It 's not for kids , that 's for sure . It 's a mature , silly comedy -LRB- silly in the best ways -RRB- . There are several of my favorite actors in it , Jennifer Aniston , Paul Rudd , Alan Alda and they all do a great job ! Paul Rudd is hilarious and I was lmao at him in more than one scene-he plays the awkward , at times bumbling husband perfectly . It 's a funny movie and I recommend it and also recommend watching through the bloopers and outtakes as they 're hilarious as well .
 This movie was so freaking funny we had to buy it ! It was a non thinking movie and the characters were well chosen . I love Jennifer and she was great as well . I am in my 40 's and not into the teen movies or chick flicks but this is one well worth seeing . Simple as that . You want to laugh this will have you laughing . Some of the scenes Paul Rudd did had me in tears laughing . Now the word `` Dick '' has so much more meaning !!! Just simple comedy
 Im baffled by the poor reviews of this movie . Must be the Mid-Westerners chimming in . Yeah , if your a prude then rent something else . This is an adult comedy , for people with a modern sense of humor.Jen and Paul Rudd are a married couple who lose their jobs and home . They then stumble upon a Hippie village by accident in the middle of nowhere GA. . Things seem perfect at first , only to find out that the grass isnt always greener . This movie had my wife and I gasping for air after the first 2 minutes . Rent it , buy it , whatever ! You wont be dissapointed ! I agree that some jokes are drawn out ; but they appear to do so , knowingly , on purpose , and it was funny regardless.Cliff notes
 Watched this as a last resort b/c there was not much to choose from on the day we were looking for a movie . It was entertaining and exceeded our expectations . Laughed out loud many times and was an overall fun watch .
 This movie was one of the most hilarious films I have ever seen ... you can tell so much of it was improvisation ... it is truly priceless . Of course the plot is crazy and ridiculous ... that 's called comedy people .
 Some really good laughs and some great dialogue amidst an overall fun , if somewhat predictable story . Do we always have to have evil developers threatening the poor hippies ?
 I laughed so hard while watching this movie ! It also has a great story line that touches on love , tenderness , as well as humor . A must see !
 We loved this movie , not for kids a lot of nudity n bad words or jest urges , but so funny , we loved it and would reccogmend for lite hearted humor , we do n't regret renting it was well worth it
 easy going & funny ! not the best or funniest movie but still i did n't feel like i wasted my time after watching it .
 I did n't have high expectations for this film because it had been generally panned , as far as I could see . But I love Paul Rudd , so I figured it could n't be too bad . Well , I was pleasantly surprised . It was ridiculously funny . It contains one of the funniest scenes I have ever come across .
 Wanderlust is a timely release . Many people are dealing with the slower economy and making changes in their life styles . The story line is plausible and the characters are fun .
 If you are a fan of Paul Rudd and movies like `` role models '' and `` I love you , man '' you will like this .
 This is my new favorite movie . It 's absolutely hilarious and now that I own it I can watch it whenever I need a pick-me-up ! I bought it on Instant video but am now buying the DVD so I can watch it whenever I want.Buy this movie !!!
 This movie is great from start to finish . Paul Rudd delivers another awesome comedy . Rudd and Aniston really seem to play off each other very well , and this is probably the best movie Jennifer has been apart of in a long time.The laughs are non stop , and some of the are pretty raunchy , so be forewarned , it has a R rating for a good reason and it earns every bit of it . The characters are just so off the wall , that each one brings their own comedic style , and they are all hilarious and work so great together.Check this one out for sure , you are guaranteed to laugh your ass off , I sure know I did .
 good movie , i liked it . saw it with the girlfriend , she liked it . i recommend . yup . see this . yup yup .
 I gave it to my boyfriend who had it on his &#34; gift list &#34; . He loved it , and so did I , although I thought it had a little too much nudity .
 I really enjoyed this funny movie . I have watched it at least 4 times now and enjoyed it each and every time
 Overal the movie is pretty funny . I would recommend it for a date night or just hanging out with friends .
 Sooooo predictable . Its a typical comedy with characters likeable enough . Its mindless and pleasant not bad just ok , kinda like all of Jennifer Anniston films .
 One of the funniest movie i have seen in a long time . Non stop laughs . Great , great movie . Love it !
 I loved this movie . I was n't prepared to , I adore Wainy Days and anything whereDavid Wain is having fun and being silly . Unfortunately , many of his recent movies feel like they are taking them self too seriously , like the laughter has been stifled . But THIS ! This had the same fun , weird , sweet vibe that Wet Hot American Summer had . Wanderlust turned out to be a refreshing , goofy , fun time .
 Very funny movie . The Blu-ray is a must see . Loaded with special features including an additional 80 minute cut of the film consisting of almost completely new jokes and material . It is a bit silly , and it wo n't win any awards , but it surely made me laugh . great cast !
 I am a 30-something person who enjoys and has had much contact , and even temporarily lived with the kind of free-living people featured in the movie , and I think this homage is pure genius ! I usually do n't think much of the two main actors at all -LRB- Rudd or Aniston -RRB- , but they were good in this movie . The hippie ensemble is absolutely perfect . Just loved this movie and if you have a love for these counter-culture types , you will probably find it to be harmless fun ; a good-humored poke at hippies . The film takes every cliche about hippies ever and squeezes them into the commune characters , but it 's ok because it 's self-aware that 's it 's just a movie ; it 's actually not trying to be offensive to `` hippies '' but in an odd way it celebrates them in a loving way ! My boyfriend agrees , we both know people like the ones on the commune and believe the film presents them as sincere idealists.Overall , the whole movie is light , fun , is full of memorable moments and characters , has some lowbrow humor scenes -LRB- but not as overt as other movies -RRB- , and has a more unique storyline than the average comedy . Like the two main characters , I appreciate that counter culture , but ca n't live in it full time . Usually I ca n't abide `` raunchy '' movies , but this one is actually sweet . The lowbrow humor is more about the incredible openness of the people versus the overwhelming private-ness of the outsiders , which is a very funny juxtaposition!The movie is optimistic , wacky , and perhaps a bit too graphic -LRB- nudity , etc. , but mostly in a non-sexual way -RRB- . Are you offended by briefly watching old nudists -LRB- in a non-sexual scene -RRB- ? Really ? Have n't you ever seen male genitalia before ? The nudity would be essential to telling the story of such a community -LRB- of which there are hundreds across America -RRB- , so I do n't believe it to be gratuitous in this case . These people really exist out there ; I 've met people like pretty much all the characters or bits of them and THEY have zero shame or weirdness about being naked -LRB- but of course , WE feel weird about it , hence the comedy -RRB- . It 's just how they are , so it 's all plausible.Some interesting flaws of the unexamined , materialistic life are pointed out throughout the film , such as how the brother basically deals with excrement to buy fancy things , like a big house -- a metaphor for how the main character -LRB- and we -RRB- all live working `` shoveling poop '' or working at a hateful job just to buy `` stuff '' that makes us miserable anyway ; so it 's not 100 % fluff -- there is a message behind the laughs . I thought the movie got funny and wackier as it progressed , with a ridiculous ending to an incredulous story . Why does anyone want a realistic ending to a silly movie ? Perhaps people are too uptight with their expectations . I especially liked how the Aniston and Rudd characters change because of their experience on the farm . I would definitely recommend watching this if you are in a playful and open mood.I would definitely caution prudish , mainstream , or materialistic types from watching this movie -- it 's not for the uptight ! I also do n't think this movie is actually as `` raunchy '' as viewers might expect it to be . I typically ca n't stand Rudd or Aniston , yet I thoroughly enjoyed it !
 I did n't think it was too raunchy . It reminded me of some great times when I was younger and free . A feel-good movie . Not for those who are uptight about drugs and sex .
 It was a good movie . Has some crude humor , but lots of unique characters and a new twist on the dropping out of the rat race theme . Worth it for movie night .
 Normally I am bored by Jennifer Aniston-type movies , with traditional rom-com plots . This was a pleasant surprise -- vulgar , funny and quirky . Well written script , for the most part . The brief outtakes are extra hilarious .
 The movie was hysterical . It got weird toward the end but that 's no reason to not see this movie . I would recommend to see it .
 Love love love this movie . I 've watched this over an over again . I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves Jen .
 Great movie , the packageing was great , the dvd was not scratched . Watched it all the way through without any problems
 I love Paul Rudd . That said , you know his movies can be hit or miss . The first time I watched it , I though , `` It 's OK . '' But the 2 or 3 times I 've watched since then , it 's gotten funnier each time . If you 're the kind of person who wants predictable , thoughtless comedy -LRB- i.e -- you found `` Ted '' hilarious -RRB- you probably wo n't like this . If you like your humor a little less deliberate and obvious and a little more thoughtful -LRB- i.e. -- you like 30 Rock -RRB- you 'll find this pretty funny . It 's not worth paying full price for , but it 's definitely a rental with later purchase when it 's like $ 9 at Walmart .
 This movie was light hearted and fun . If you are looking for a good movie to kick back and enjoy some time with a loved one or friend , it 's a good one . We laughed and enjoyed this movie for what it was , fun .
 I totally understand that many people will not get the feel of this movie ; like most of David Wain 's efforts , it requires a certain attitude to enjoy . Your average moviegoer will likely not be entertained by the way this movie is structured and delivered , and it 's not for no good reason
 This was 1 of the most fun and funny feel good flicks that I have seen in a long time !
 This movie really surprised me . It was a lot funnier than I expected . I laughed hysterically at some parts . Great acting and funny surprises .
 We rented because I wanted to see a comedy . My husband is more of an action drama guy , but he liked this movie more than he expected . It turns out to be a really cute , funny and more relatable than initially expected love story .
 This movie had me laughing the whole time . It was worth every penny . I encourage you to see it . Please watch it .
 After much protest , I watched Wanderlust . Jennifer Aniston is the kiss of death to many of the movies she has been in . This time around , she does n't do too bad.Director David Wain , Paul Rudd and the rest of the cast of new-age hippies keep this comedy moving along . It can be sweet , inspiring , and extremely uncomfortable all in about 5 minutes . While there is n't anything new offered with Wanderlust , there are plenty of laughs . It 's well worth a watch.If you are a fan of The State , Stella or Wainy Days , this movie is going to be right up your alley .
 Great date night flick . My wife and I rented it while having dinner in bed , and we really enjoyed it ! Gave it 4 stars because it got a little slow in a few spots , but overall we really liked it !
 Wunderlust is a funny comedy . Good movie to watch if you needsome comic relief . Cant go wrong with this one .
 After our first shore dive in Monterey , we left a little disappointed . The dive shop we went to was unfriendly , minimally helpful -LRB- even though we dropped a few bills on gear -RRB- and the dive they recommended had terrible visibility.After watch this video , we are excited to go back . This was an exceptional video for familiarizing us with the local diving scene . They described 14 dive spots in great detail . We now know how to get there , where to park , where to enter , where to dive , the amenities of the sites , what we 'll see and the in ' and out 's of each location.We enjoyed the rental so much , we are buying the dvd . This is definately a video we will watch multiple times.On the BAD
 I canot begin to tell you how happy I am that Joan 's entire movie catalog -LRB- spanning 7 decades -RRB- is finally all starting to come out on DVD , courtesy of Warner Home Video . `` Chained '' has always been one of my very favirite films because Joan was so fantastic in it and it was made during a wonderful era for her -LRB- when she was the reigning queen of MGM during the '30s -RRB- . It 's smack dab between `` Sadie McKee '' and `` Forsaking All Others . '' What a great place to be and what a great place Joan was at that time in her career . Joan and Clark Gable were together again with all that pent up sexual chemistry and energy . In this movie Joan played Diane Levering Field , a lady who falls in love with a rancher in South America . You must see it !
 Clark Gable and Joan Crawford , two of Hollywood 's greatest legendary stars , star in this shipboard romance . A glamorous film , especially noteworthy for the magical screen chemistry between the two leads . These two legends were stars for a reason ! Strongly recommend this to all movie lovers !
 Diane Lovering -LRB- Crawford -RRB- is the mistress of Richard Field -LRB- Otto Kruger -RRB- . It is a quiet dignified love Field has for his former secretary ; Field 's wife wo n't agree to a divorce because of their children . Field sends Diane on a cruise to Buenos Aires until things `` clear up '' ; while on the cruise , Diane meets Mike Bradley , a rich rancher from Argentina -LRB- and he 's played by Clark Gable -RRB- ... A splendidly written , acted , directed and photographed movie done in MGM 's best thirties style . Joan Crawford in the moonlight on the open sea appears quite seductive and Gable seems to agree . In the as the spurned lover , Gable demonstrated a new dimension of his acting skills and the critics were impressed in 1934 ; Otto Kruger is superb as the New York businessman .
 Released in 1934 at the height of Joan Crawford 's MGM career when she was the highest-paid actress in the world `` Chained '' co-stars Joan 's real-life lover Clark Gable . This movie would be the fifth film the two would star in out of eight and is one of my favorite Crawford/Gable outings.The story deals with a socialite -LRB- Crawford -RRB- who decides to sail a ship to South America when her husband ask for a divorce . Still loving her husband she meets a smooth-talking good-looking man -LRB- played by Gable -RRB- who tries to steal her heart.The film is extremely well-acted -LRB- probably one of the best in Crawford 's career -RRB- , superbly directed by Clarence Brown -LRB- a big-time MGM director -RRB- and is both involving and heart-breaking at times.In the early 1970 's Joan would say of the film , `` Well , we had Clark and me together again with all the overt and implied sexuality '' . The movie became a huge hit and is unfortunately forgotten by many , but I would recommend anyone -LRB- especially Joan 's newer fans -RRB- to check the movie out .
 People ... a review is a critique of the film , the acting the action the direction the photography ... NOT a scene by scene narrative of the entire movie . I WATCH the movie to find out about the story.I read reviews to see about the quality of the production , editing , etc.Stop this blather of telling what the movie is about.Thank you , very much .
 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer -LRB- MGM -RRB- presents `` CHAINED '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- -LRB- 76 min/B & W ;-RRB- -- Starring
 `` Chained '' is right between `` Sadie McKee '' and `` Forsaking All Others . '' What a great place to be and what a great place Joan was at that time in her career . Joan and Clark Gable were together again with all that pent up sexual chemistry and energy . In this movie Joan played Diane Levering Field , a lady who falls in love with a rancher in South America .
 This enjoyable piece of 1934 fluff directed by Clarence Brown stars Joan Crawford as Diane Lovering , a secretary who has fallen in love with her older boss , Richard Field , played wonderfully by Otto Kruger . Problem is that Richard is married and his wife simply wo n't grant him a divorce . In order to protect Diane 's reputation -LRB- this is the 30s , after all -RRB- , Richard sends her on a cruise to Buenos Aires , while he continues to attempt to talk his wife into a divorce . While on the cruise , Diane meets rancher Mike Bradley , played by none other than Clark Gable . In no time at all , Diane has fallen for Mike and to complicate matters , Richard 's wife has finally agreed to a divorce . Feeling guilty , Diane breaks off her relationship with Mike , returns to Richard and marries him.Fast forward to when Diane and Mike accidentally run in to each other in New York and discover that both still have feelings for one another . The ending is a bit unbelievable , but predictable -LRB- what kind of movie would it be if Crawford and Gable did not end up together ? -RRB- , but still satisfying.While not one of Crawford and Gable 's better stories , the chemistry the two have together on screen makes any cinematic venture a visual feast and highly enjoyable . They obviously had a grand time together making the film and director Clarence Brown knew how to get the best out of them . The character of Richard Field allows the story to rise somewhat above the usual sudsy romance - - although an older man and formerly Diane 's boss , he does n't come across as a lecherous married man on the prowl . He seems to geniunely love and care for Diane . It would be a hard choice , even against Gable , for Diane to make.Also worth watching are Crawford 's gorgeous Adrian creations . Despite the flack she has gotten for her acting over the years , she was a beautiful woman and MGM attired her in the grandest style.All in all , Chained is a lighthearted romantic comedy romp that is enjoyable for any Crawford or Gable fan .
 The fabled scene on ship board , with the moonlight glittering off the water , the kleig lights glittering off the little sequined number Adrian has run up for the occasion , and Joan 's beautiful flashing big eyes is one of those quintessential 1930s Golden Age of Hollywood moments . It 's a lovely film , and has some very gracious moments -- but that scene stands out as being particularly memorable .
 I am a mild history buff and this is right up my alley . I really liked to see all the different views of the beautiful homes Frank Lloyd Wright built for himself . I found it intresting how his homes were in perpetual expansion .
 Wonderful movie that portrays the conflict between the old and the new in China as modern development results in people losing their beloved old traditions , neighborhoods , and homes .
 They say you ca n't go home again , but big city executive Da Ming goes back to his father 's place of business , a bathhouse . He believes his father is dying , but is surprised to see father is well . Da Ming also sees his mentally challenged brother Erming who works at the communal bathhouse . According to the father , Da Ming left home for the corporate world , and Erming is left and the relationship between Erming and his father is one to appreciate.The major setting is an old bathouse and you will learn a lot about the operation of a bathhouse , where you see that it is a place of social gatherings , cricket fighting , and a place of human relationships of bickering and friendships . However , the building is set soon for demolition.When Da Ming arrives , he is not familiar with the bathhouse , but he is enlightened by the relationship his father has with his mentally challenged brother . Seeing this special relationship is unique and endearing to watch the bond , fun and love they share , and in the name of work also . And now , Da Ming is torn between a bond to care for his brother and a wife who seems to not understand a close brotherly relationship or the need and love to care about the mentally challenged brother.The 1999 Chinese film is sad , humorous , entertaining , enlightening . ... Rizzo
 This movie is about a father and two adult sons and how they related to each other . Most of the action takes place in a traditional bath house , where the men gathered for socializing . You see one of the sons having to make a tough decision about his and his brother 's lives , and the emotional turmoil it causes . You feel as though you were there , because you get to know some of the regular customers and their individual quirks , and you also learn about this family that could have had a depressing life , but choose instead to be happy . I have already recommended this movie to many of my friends and family . I loved it .
 I loved this movie when I watched it . My grandparents loved this movie even more when they saw it , so much that they purchased a copy and brought it to China to show their relatives and reminisce the past .
 I went into this film absolutely clueless as to what I should expect ... But from it 's opening shots to it 's gentle ending , I was amazed , inspired , enlightened and overwhelmed . It is a quiet and simple tale of family and community . It is timeless , and has no borders . You will love the quirky characters and the interesting situations . I loved it , all of it , and plan to re-watch many times . If you liked `` Smoke Signals '' or `` Adrenaline Drive , '' you owe it to yourself to check this one out !
 This movie has a little of everything for everyone . It should be nominated for an Academy Award this year ! It is a wonderful , sensitive story set in China showing how the new world is replacing the old , and one family whose lives are unalterably affected by it . Do n't miss this one !
 This film is outstanding , simply beautiful . The acting is top notch for unknown chinese actors speaking their language who and which i am not familiar with , but hope to be soon especially after watching this . This film shows things to be thankful about , shows honesty , faith , and most importantly love . Even if people cant stand reading the subtitles , this is worth every minute of it . Anyone who doesnt like this film doesnt know what a good movie is about , its not just an opinion its honestly a fact . This film is very funny and yet very deep . See it now if you havent , -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Even Pig Pen would n't mind taking a shower after watching this heart-felt movie about a father , the bath house he runs , and his relationship with his two sons . I really enjoyed this movie -- what a great story , great acting , and the subtitles were clear . My husband also really enjoyed it .
 Well , I 'm not too big into foreign films , but this one is an exception . The film is a very deep felt story about a family that runs a bathhouse business , and shows the happiness and struggles of running it . The mood of the film is just amazing , I ca n't explain it . There is n't alot of action in the movie , but you can watch this movie without action it is that good . This film is not dubbed in english , it is in mandarin chinese , but you can watch it with english subtitles . I think it is better in mandarin anyway , because if they would of dubbed it , it probably would n't of been as good . I thought about taking up the language after I watched the film , but found it difficult . Anyway 's , I can guarantee you , you will love this film .
 I love this movie . I have in on VHS and replaced that with this DVD . If you have not , yet , seen &#34; Shower &#34; , what are you waiting for?This is a feel good movie , with subtitles .
 This subtitled Chinese movie tells a story of collision between technological progress and old-times . The story begins when a prodigal son returns from the city to his home town - a place that barely changed since he was a boy - to see his aging father . During the course of his stay , the son began to accept and finally embrace the very things he had once detested as the `` modern , progressive '' man . This story is one we can all relate to , regardless of where we are and who we are . The world is changing quickly , and we have learned to take everything at face value and for granted . We make our lives complicated in hopes that we can concoct contentment within ourselves and in our lives . Then we become dependent on the technology we created and wonder why we feel tired/stressed/rushed all the time . `` Shower '' is a movie that made me wonder if seduction works in reverse - if the modern man can be seduced by a `` kinder , more simple '' lifestyle . I wonder whether many of us will be interested in living as a large extended family of neighbors who are customers and friends - people you talk about impotence and marriage problems with , people you would entrust your mentally handicapped child with . Most of the stories I hear are `` success stories '' of how someone `` made it big '' or `` struck it rich '' . But I suppose , for a few , like the prodigal son , seduction works in reverse .
 Shower is simply an amazing movie . It is about an old man who runs a bathhouse with his mentally retarded son , in a run-down neighborood in China . His eldest son , who has been swept up into a commercial and materialistic lifestyle , comes back to see his estranged father . Shower conveys the message to live a simple life and to do what makes you happy in life to find peace . shower perfectly sets up the theme of `` The Modern , The Technological , The Impersonal '' VS `` The Old Fashioned , The Traditional , The Human Touch '' . I was captured into the world that this movie creates . The atmosphere is very light and the movie has a smoothness and a non-threatening quality to it that adds to its realism . The director does a great job of not making Shower overly sentimental , which would take away from its stark human realism . The subpots and the sub characters in the film do a masterful job of complimenting the main themes in the movie and are also hilarious and unique . Not only does Shower have funny and interesting characters in it , but the emotions that the poeple experience can really be felt because of the film 's simplistic realism . The relationship between the father and his sons are extremely compelling . Watching their relationships change and develop in relation to the bathhouse was solidly done . No doubt , a well crafted and directed film.BOTTOMLINE
 Many Chinese movies understandably focus on the tragic era ofthe Cultural Revolution . This movie , on the contrary , presents us with the dark side of the `` new '' China . Though particular to China , it coincidentally describes a more global picture of a world that pursues money to the detriment of happiness.We immediately get a look at a metaphor for the new China . A man takes a shower in an efficient public shower , which looks like a mix between a porto-potty and a robo car-wash . It gets the job done in a short amount of time so that the user can get on with his life as producer and consumer.We then meet the businessman behind the efficient shower . He is a Chinese yuppie , now living in Shenzhen , but who is presently returning to his hometown because he believes his father , whom he had not visited in a long time , is dead.As it turns out , his father is not dead . At this point we get a juxtaposition of two worlds . The new , the yuppies ' world which is humorless , lacks warmth and sensuality and the world of his father who runs a public bathouse . The bathouse , as it turns out , is not only a place where people can ENJOY a bath -LRB- and not just get clean -RRB- but it serves as a social center where people gather , problems get resolved , and people really care about one another.Alas , the efficient `` new '' world wins out as a modernization plancalls for the bathhouse to be torn down ... and with it the soul of the community . O sole mio , indeed ... but the sun will go down and not rise again any time soon . We are headed towards a joyless efficient world.This is a brilliant movie and I would give it ten stars if possible.Thomas
 After renting this movie 3 times from Netflix , I decided that I should just buy it . It 's one of those movies that I can watch over and over again because it 's not just a plot ; it 's a reaffirmation of the important and pure things in life . It 's simply `` refreshing '' every time I see it again -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- !
 The title above is in fact a compliment to this absolutely wonderful movie . I will not say more about the plot as its been mention in all the wonderful reviews here . BUT I have to mention that I am becoming more and more fascinated with the old actor Xu Zhu . I first saw him in King Of Mask and I think he is fantastic . He always have a stern , grouchy grandpapa look that will burst into a heartwarming smile in a split second.Watch out for some of the wackiest characters too . The two sons are good , but the retarted one is both funny , and at the same time made me feel really sad for him.Some other really cute characters are a gentle spoken guy with a domineering , bullying wife , two old men always quibbling about their pet crickets like overgrown kids and a fat `` o sole Mio '' guy that is comical and yet annoying and irritating , and one of their friend who always dream of striking it rich :-RRB- Wonderful.one of my favourite quote from the movie
 This is a really strange , captivating , Chinese movie about an old man and his retarded adult son who run a traditional , men 's bathhouse in an old section of Beijing together . A short visit by the old man 's other son , who had formerly wanted nothing to do with the business , becomes a longer stay than anyone expected due to circumstances beyond anyone 's control.We could say that this is a movie about the encroaching modernization of China and it 's impact upon traditional culture , but I came away from my night with the DVD wondering how one goes about putting together a small stable of fighting crickets . If I can figure this out , I 'm headed down to Chinatown , looking for a match.This is an interesting , bittersweet movie that is comical in the way that Wertmuller 's `` Swept Away '' is comical . The characters are very `` human '' and you will likely empathize with their situations , as I did . You may as well spring for the DVD as you will undoubtedly want to see it more than once in your life anyway.Possibly , before the next East-West summit , the heads of State involved should swap a few good movies before getting together .
 Da Ming is the elder son of a bath house owner , who has escaped the drudgery of small town life for the life of a modern executive in Shenzhen.Or has he ? When he receives a postcard with a drawing on it which looks like his father has passed on , he returns to his home town believing his father has died.Instead , Da Ming finds his father in good health , and is himself the proverbial `` heart '' of the small town . Da Ming 's father doubles as match maker , therapist , and friend to the troubled people who come to his bathhouse to bathe and relieve the stress of day-to-day life . While at first Da Ming resents his father , and is ashamed of his slow brother , he eventually finds himself lured into the family business , albeit unintentionally . After a tragedy strikes , will Da Ming have the courage to remain true to his father 's wishes and care for his brother ? Or will he buckle under the stresses of modern life and societal expectations?I really loved Shower . The Interactions between Er Ming and his elderly father was really charming . Da Ming 's bafflement at his father 's quaint ways and his embarrassment of his younger brother were realisticly portayed and well acted . Shower is a fascinating tale of redemption , renewal and growth set in an emerging China .
 What a heartwarming film from China!The plot is delectably `` fresh '' yet universal -- a successful businessman from Shenzhen -LRB- in southern China , close to Hong Kong -RRB- visits his elderly father and younger brother after a long separation , upon a mistaken pictorial message that his father has expired . The old man and the -LRB- intellectually deprived -RRB- younger son run an old fashioned bathhouse in downtown Beijing . Upon finding out that the postcard he received was misleading and that the father is well and good , the elder brother wants to return back to his life . Will he ? Can he?The fluid narrative is laced with some subtle humor so as not to depress or bore the audience . The slice of real-life China is delectable , the scenes of the men 's camaraderie and reverie in the bathhouse are alone interesting enough to grab a copy of this DVD . The chemistry between the actors is wonderful.The bathhouse , it turns out , has a deeper presence in the movie than being simply the backdrop for the family . As the father told the son the story of his wife 's family in the northern deserts of china , the element of water and bathing becomes an almost sacred ritual . Water was so scarce that a simple bath had profound depth and meaning.Although some moments verge on over-done sweetness -LRB- even bordering on cloying during the final park recital scene when water makes an intridguing appearance -RRB- , `` Shower '' is overall a very effective film with a simple yet touching message.Highly recommended !
 Somewhere I saw the opening scene of the movie Shower . I did n't know where the scene was from , but after a bit of research I was able to pinpoint it to this movie . It is a scene of an insiders view of a People-Wash -LRB- Car-Wash for people -RRB- on a street corner in China.The DVD arrived , I asked my 11 year old daughter to come in to see the Poeple-Washer . We ended up watching the movie twice that sitting . I have seen it about three more times since , and my daughter has watched it at least twice more.The movie is brilliant . I wish I understood the native language . The acting was trememndous while I was interpreting through sub-titles , I can imagine how much better it must be without the need for them.By the way reviewer0800 ; I do like Schwarzenegger and I still like Shower too , is that OK?Buy this movie and really enjoy ourself for a couple of hours.greg
 I was so surprised at how caught up I got in this movie ! I loved the sincerity of the characters and the story was so charming . Rarely do you see a movie with strong relationships between fathers and sons and between brothers . Although not sugar coated , it is a joy to see a movie from China that does not involve politics , sex or violence .
 Shower is an interesting story whose director juxtaposes modern and ancient culture to give the audience a holistic view of today 's China . A good number of today 's youth are getting jobs in the fast-paced field of corporate business . They do not have time go to the bathhouse and spend hours soaking in the tub . What the older generation realizes is that going to a bathhouse is not just about taking a bath . Bathhouses are located in neighborhoods making them a place to go and visit with friends and neighbors . Someone who owns one of these places builds a connection with his or her clientele as they come back year after year.Daming Liu does not take the time to understand what his fathers business is all about or why it makes him happy . He is embarrassed by him and decides to leave home in search of a more glamorous lifestyle . On the other hand , his brother Erming loves his father and is happy helping him take care of his business , he does not have much choice but anyone can see how happy he is and how simple everything in life seems for him . Sometimes those in life that do not have many worldly possessions or much money are some of the richest and happiest people in the world . Erming and his father are a perfect example of that . They are surrounded by lots of friends as well as each other to love and care for them . Anyone could find things to complain about in Mr. Liu 's situation . Instead , he is the light in his son Erming 's life . It is so wonderful to watch how gentle Mr. Liu is with Erming . Anyone could easily loose patience with a retarded person . Mr. Liu spends day after day with his son and manages to make life wonderful for him . He makes it seem easy to raise a retarded child . Mr. Liu is such a patient and understanding father.When Daming comes home for a visit he sees how happy his father and brother are without him . Because Daming 's father and brother are insecure about his feelings for them , they do not believe that he simply came home for a visit . For a while , things are rather tense . Daming is not seen as part of the family any more . He is not a part of the father son dynamic . He is an intruder . Daming spends time getting to know his father and brother all over again . Daming had been gone for so long that it appears he is home for the first time as an adult . Being an adult gives him a fresh more mature perspective on his relationship with his family . He begins to see things from his father 's perspective and to realize how wrong he has been and how much he has missed.Towards the end of the film , Daming begins to feel like a part of the family again . He finally gains his fathers acceptance , which he realizes he wanted all along . Erming and Mr. Liu get a fresh start with their son/brother Daming when he comes to visit . With the bathhouse being torn down there are many decisions that have to be made regarding Erming and Mr. Liu 's future . It is interesting how this tragedy comes to life around the same time as Daming 's visit . This is an important turning point for the Liu family . This problem has to be decided as a family . Daming is home so he is available to give his perspective . They have banned together as a family to make this decision . This perhaps makes them feel closer and gives Daming a chance to prove his worth as part of the family.Just when the family has started to make peace , the father dies . Daming now has to deal with his brother . He does not have time to greave for a father he has not seen in years . He puts his grief aside to be a good big brother . It seems like Daming has inherited some of his father 's compassion . Erming refuses to deal with his father 's death . Perhaps he is mentally incapable of understanding his father 's dead . Whatever the case he is having a hard time facing up to the fact that the one person he could count on to be there for him is gone . When you can not care for yourself having a constant source of support is a very calming thing . It is comforting to know that his brother has some sense of family . In the end something good comes out of a major tragedy .762 words .
 Just watched the video and I 'm astounded at the depth of emotions it brought out in me . It makes us embrace what is dear to us , at the same time questioning the materialistic values society endorses . Vincent Zahedi -LRB- the reviewer who gave this movie one star and said it was boring -RRB- is hardly credible . Seems like `` Highlander '' and `` Dude , where 's my car ? '' obtained the five-star treatment . Nuff said .
 I wo n't go into the movie plot as you can read them from every other review . This is one of the few movies that is worth your time watching it multiple times , and each time you watch it you 'll learn a few new things about the characters and grow to like them like they are members of your family . You 'll want to live their lifes , to listen to their tales , to share their pain , to respect their ways of living , and yes , even to take a bath with them . 5 stars and one of the best movies I saw in the past 2 years .
 Just a terrific movie that let 's people know that we are all people and all have problems .
 Thank goodness for once we can get a good flim without sex and violence instead a good family flim without silly talking animals , super cute apes and children so cute that they have been fed with sugar enough to bring in diabetes . The new crop of Chinese flicks are just great ... Are ` nt we jaded with the crop of rubbish Hollywood has poured on us in 2000 . Like talking and kissing dinosaurs , a nude grinch , Independent women who dress like they are not ... I will watch foreign flims if Hollywood stops making all those rubbish .
 This delighted audiences at a number of film festivals , and it is not hard to see why . Director Yang Zhang , with the help of some very nice work by the three principle actors , Xu Zhu as the father , Master Liu ; Quanxin Pu as the elder son , Da Ming ; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son , Er Ming , spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart.The film starts with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing . He puts some money in a slot , opens the door , takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyer belt to be cleaned , steps into the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as though he 's a car at the car wash . This is the future symbolically speaking , and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past . Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.Pollution ? Cultural revolution hang-over ? Industrialization blues ? No way . What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another , a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men . Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film . On the one hand , it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people . It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied . Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are going to be replaced by something that may not be as good . I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may . Tell a story about old men at the bathhouse where they get back rubs and massages , where they tell tall tales and reminisce about the good old days , where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights , where the Master is a spry and wise old guy and his assistant is his son , who may be retarded or autistic , but who does his job with glee and an infectious spirit of fun and good will.Enter back on the scene the older son , Da Ming , who is polished , well groomed and taciturn . He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother . He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase , his cell phone and his education . He has only returned because he thought his father was dying . When he sees that this is not true , he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career . But then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural , people-centered life that his father and his brother have been living.And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new , and does so in such a charming manner that I will not object , especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed . One of the nice things he does that I miss in most movies is the way he dovetails the subplots within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends . The bathhouse regular who sings `` O sole mio '' in the bathhouse as the water showers down upon him , much to the delight of Er Ming , finds that he ca n't sing in public because of stage fright . Near the end of the film he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming . And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because ... well , he tells a tale to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason . But Liu understands and again before the movie is over , husband and wife are reconciled.This kind of `` happy ending '' movie-making is unusual in today artistic and international films , or in almost any film directed at adults . Some happy endings are so contrived as to embarrass not only their contrivers but their audiences . And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended . Here however the audience is delighted.See this especially for the comedic performance by Wu Jiang whose warm effervescence overcomes any handicap his character may have .
 It seems that China 's rapid development is making some Chinese wonder about what they may be losing . This charming film tells the story of a man who returns home after many years from his busy life in the city to the bath house run by his father and retarded brother . He is gradually seduced by the peace and sense of community that he finds there , as well as his awakened sense of responsibility toward his aging father and handicapped younger brother . Touching and funny , with a wonderful cast of sharply drawn supporting characters . Writing about it makes me want to watch it again .
 A simple , touching story of family and community . I could watch this one again and again .
 Many Chinese movies understandably focus on the tragic era ofthe Cultural Revolution . This movie , on the contrary , presents us with the dark side of the `` new '' China . Though particular to China , it coincidentally describes a more global picture of a world that pursues money to the detriment of happiness.We immediately get a look at a metaphor for the new China . A man takes a shower in an efficient public shower , which looks like a mix between a porto-potty and a robo car-wash . It gets the job done in a short amount of time so that the user can get on with his life as producer and consumer.We then meet the businessman behind the efficient shower . He is a Chinese yuppie , now living in Shenzhen , but who is presently returning to his hometown because he believes his father , whom he had not visited in a long time , is dead.As it turns out , his father is not dead . At this point we get a juxtaposition of two worlds . The new , the yuppies ' world which is humorless , lacks warmth and sensuality and the world of his father who runs a public bathouse . The bathouse , as it turns out , is not only a place where people can ENJOY a bath -LRB- and not just get clean -RRB- but it serves as a social center where people gather , problems get resolved , and people really care about one another.Alas , the efficient `` new '' world wins out as a modernization plancalls for the bathhouse to be torn down ... and with it the soul of the community . O sole mio , indeed ... but the sun will go down and not rise again any time soon . We are headed towards a joyless efficient world.This is a brilliant movie and I would give it ten stars if possible.Thomas
 I need not add to what others have written about the themes nor the plot of this excellent film . I would merely like to add that the acting is so outstanding that , in many instances , one need not read the subtitles to understand what 's transpiring . Though the plot is offbeat and the setting is in a culture vastly different from our own , the themes and the emotions are universal and are conveyed very skillfully . At the showing my wife and I attended , spontaneous applause erupted from the appreciative audience at the end of the movie . I have n't experienced that very often of late .
 This is one of my favorite foreign films , and my favorite Chinese film . The film explores modernization versus tradition . Sadly , modernization wins out all too often in China !
 This is a beautiful movie . There is tension , drama , sadness , and humor -- the fundamentals to keep one interested . But it is much more than that . Without being cloying or predictable , this movie is about being a good and decent person , despite our all too common imperfections and desires . Highly recommended !
 I was not initially excited about the prospect of watching 2 hours of Chinese men semi-nude in a bath house . After a little bit of a slow start , the film begins to wrap your interest around the lives touched by the bath house . An adult son living in south China returns to his elderly father 's business when he thinks he has died . The clash of modern life with Chinese filial tradition provides a potent mechanism to advance the story . Great comic relief is provided by the up 's and down 's of daily Chinese life , which is not all that different from what we experience in America . The actor who plays the mentally challenged brother is amazing in his role . By the end of the movie you are personally engaged in what will happen to the house and the family . Give this film a shot if you like to laugh , as well as enjoy stories about our common humanity .
 Sweet and endearing without being overly sentimental . If this movie were made in Hollywood , the neighborhood would have doubtlessly been saved by the community pulling together for some kind of phenomenal fundraiser . This , instead , shows the family and community engaging in little kindnesses as the aging neighborhood breathes its last ... and it is the people , rather than the buildings , that are redeemed in the end .
 This 1999 import from China has a unique setting - an old fashioned men 's bathhouse . It 's run by an old man and his retarded son and is the place where men spend most of their days soaking in the hot tubs , getting their backs scrubbed and generally socializing . There 's another son too . He lives in the big city and is a successful businessman . When he takes a shower , as we see in the opening segment , it 's in a coin operated high tech compartment where mechanical brushes scrub his body and hot air blows him dry . He has n't seen his father in many years , but he receives a drawing from his brother and assumes the father is dying and so he returns home.Once home , he is drawn into the simple and pleasant life of his father and brother . And he also learns to enjoy his brother 's company , accepting the retardation and feeling the love in the small family . We see him gradually changing as he keeps calling his wife on his cell phone promising to come back in just a few days more . Then his father dies . He 's left with a bathhouse and a brother to take care of . To top this all off , the City is about to knock down the bathhouse and build a shopping mall.The ending is inevitable of course . We see the family love and acceptance . And we know that the brother will always be loved and taken care of . It 's a good story.One of the things I liked about it best was that the retarded brother is accepted in the community for what he is . He works in the bathhouse and contributes to the world around him . He is always smiling and his simple joys in life are a pleasure to see.All the actors are excellent . I forgot they were acting and felt I was transformed right into this small town in China . I got a feeling of what life must be like to run a bathhouse . And there are also some very moving parts about how lucky this town is to have an abundance of water compared to some other places in China where it is so dry that people do not bathe except on their wedding day or when they make a long pilgrimage to bathe in the river . It made me realize how important the abundance of water is.This is simple film . Yet , I was very moved by it . And felt good at the end . Recommended .
 Simply a brilliant look into what being human is about . Before I go any further I want to give kudos to the release company , what a good job they 've done with the digital transfer . I 've come accross lackluster versions of great movies , which is simply a shame , but the screen glisters with color , great job . The film plays like a tv drama , very basic elements , some melodrama gets used but just right . What a simple and effective family story , with just a hint of allegory ! Must see .
 I often felt troubled when people asked me to recommend some Chinese movies , not because there were n't any good ones , but because those good ones did not depict today 's China . Some of Yimou Zhang 's and Kaige Chen 's movies are not only good , but also , in my opinion , among the greatest ones that the world has produced . However , the stories in those movies happened many years ago ; and these years are the ones that have seen the most dramatic changes of a country in history.My trouble ended with the introduction of Xizao -LRB- Shower -RRB- in North America.The humors are Chinese styled , but the emotions are , as someone has said in his comment , universal . The values on intimate family relationships , genuine friendships , and concerns for the general public are exemplified in a society that is trying to find a balance between modernization and tradition . When economic development and new technologies menace thousand-year-old lifestyles , people , especially the elderlies , become ambivalent towards them.A country with an extraordinary history and tradition experiencing the most rapid development in the world , today 's China can be a perfect set for many more good movies . I often wonder why there are so few movies like Xizao . As it has proved , you do n't have to touch heavy politics to depict an authentic picture of today 's China . -LRB- Kaige Chen 's Together is disappointing . -RRB- One of the commentators said the movie is uneven at some points . This is probably true , and unsurprising , given that the director is not as experienced as Zhang or Chen . However , I did n't notice the unevenness because I was captured by the actors ' wonderful performances . You will be easily amused by Wu Jiang 's performance as Er Ming ; you would be more impressed by Xu Zhu 's Master Liu and Cunxing Pu 's Da Ming if you understand Chinese . These are the finest Chinese actors of their respective generations.I noticed that some commentators thought the story happened in a small village . This is a misunderstanding . The set is actually Beijing . Although bathhouses like the one in the movie exist in many Chinese cities , you feel more amazed by the changes that China is experiencing when you know this story happened in a metropolis , right?If you want to understand today 's China , watch this movie . If you want to understand the China before and during the Cultural Revolution -LRB- 1966 to 1976 -RRB- , you should check out Huozhe -LRB- To Live -RRB- and Ba Wang Bie Ji -LRB- Farewell My Concubine -RRB- . Artistically , Xizao may not be a masterpiece compared to the latter two , but it is definitely worth watching . In today 's world , movies as warm as this one remind us of the beauty of life .
 Yes people in china like to bathe . Some , like in the opening shot , prefer a fast , technological scrub , while others prefer to drown the day away in the comfort of local bath houses . This is not one of those foreign films that tries to take you to a mythological past , or present you with the problems of a system , it tries to show you real people and the way their souls , and bodies , are cleansed . Fine performances by the lead actors , especially Wu Jiang who plays Er ming , the younger brother who is mentally disabled but is quite content to work in his fathers local bathhouse , where most of the guests treat him like family . The father and Er Ming have a special bond , jogging after work , which ends up in a contest , seeing who can hold their breath the longest and spraying each other as they clean the bath house . In a fine subdued performance Er Ming 's older brother comes back for a visit , thinking that his father was ill because of the post card sent to him by Er ming . When all turns out well intially , Da ming , -LRB- older brother -RRB- , wants to return home . But as fate would have hit something does happen to father and Da Ming is forced to make a choice about his destiny , which is explained to him in such a unique way by a dung beetle special on tv . This film is filled with good heart and wit and is one that should be viewed by those who want substance over style and for all of you who are tired of pearl harbor , swordfish , gone in 60 seconds mentality the most of mainstream hollywood studios think you will like
 this film is enchanting , it made me cry , it made me smile and it made me laugh . do ` nt miss the opportunity to see this beautiful film
 I would like to mention that Shower won the Golden Space Needle Award as the audience favorite of the films screened at the Seattle International Film Festival . This award is given to the film receiving the most votes from those attending - approximately 120,000 people . It also came in second in the voting by people who purchased full series passes and averaged 63 films each over the three weeks of the festival . Beyond the story of a guy who owns a bathhouse , it also talks about the economic change in China , cultural displacement , and families .
 Every once in awhile one stumbles upon something which is extra special . Shower is just such a stumble . It is a wonderful , sensitive , warm , human movie . The characters are all people you would like to have as friends . Simply , it is the story of a father and two sons addressing the reality of life 's changes.There is only one reason you should not see this movie and that is if you just can not deal with foreign films ; otherwise , trust me , this is a movie you want to see . I think I 'll watch it again!William J. Trinkle --
 In one of the fastest growing areas of the world , the burgeoning metropolis Beijing -LRB- like many places in the world -RRB- , many past facets of life are being replaced to make way for `` modern '' conveniences . In the movie Shower , from mainland China 's Xian Film Studio directed by Yang Zhang -LRB- Spicy Love Soup -RRB- , this dichotomy of the new and the old is symbolized by the shower and the bath . The shower is a fast convenience that takes water for granted while the bath and especially the bathhouse is a tranquil way of life . Master Liu -LRB- Zhu Xu also in King of Masks -RRB- is owner of such an establishment where you can bathe , get a massage , get treatments like cupping , get a manicure , play Xiangqi -LRB- Chinese Chess -RRB- , or challenge local patrons to cricket fighting . It is analogous to a men 's club -LRB- or Cheers -RRB- where regulars come to relax as well as socialize -LRB- and everybody knows your name as well as your problems -RRB- . Liu lives with his mentally slow son Er Ming -LRB- wonderfully played by Jiang Wu -RRB- who helps out with the daily chores.Shower starts off with an idea by bathhouse denizen He Zheng of an automated shower -LRB- reminds me of the automated restrooms in large cities like San Francisco or the suicide booths in Futurama -RRB- where you pay your money and get put through an automatic human wash that sprays soap , water and scrubs you to a healthy clean . It is a clever idea by a slacker whose entrepreneurial ideas tend to fizzle and who still needs to fix the neon sign for the bathhouse . It is entirely appropriate that he is telling this idea while relaxing in the caldarium.The drama begins when Da Ming -LRB- Pu Cunxin -RRB- , son of Liu , comes to visit from Shenzhen after an extended absence . He came after misinterpreting a postcard that Er Ming sent that seemed to show the death of his father . While Liu was happy to see him he then realized the only reason his son came to visit because he thought he was dead . Da Ming decides to stay for a few days though his faster pace existence is evident by the fact he only takes showers now and not baths . Things have changes so much between them at one point that Liu wishes his son had not even shown up -LRB- though at this point Da Ming had lost his younger brother while buying a ticket home -RRB- . The distant relationship between Liu and Da Ming is counterbalanced between the beautifully simple and close relationship between Er Ming and Liu . Liu takes care of him but allows Er Ming to help out with the business and even exercises with him . It is a touching kinship that seems realistic and not forced . Da Ming is awed by this bond . He has spent so much time away that he is an estranged `` prodigal son . `` The biggest strength of this film is it 's characterization . There are many wonderful supporting roles in this film . There is the impotent Zhang and his shrewish wife . There are the bickering cricket trainers and fighters -LRB- including Mr. Wu who has possibly used illegal substances to beef up his cricket . -RRB- There is Miao Zhuang who loves to sing Eduardo Di Capua and Giovanni Capurro 's O Sole Mio in the shower . And He Zheng the daydreamer who owes lots of money . I am quite impressed by how well all of their lives are interconnected throughout many of the subplots.Small spoiler in this paragraph
 I loved this movie so much.I had to buy it , so that my children will one day watch it and understand what it means to be chinese.The story is about an older son who went to the big city to leave the small town he was born into , to make his mark in the modern world.He leaves behind an aging widower of a father and his mentally challenged younger brother.He comes home because his brother sent him a post card with a drawing on it.He thought his father had past away.Upon arrival he sees that his dad is well , so he asks his brother what the postcard is about.The brother answers that he misses him.His stay becomes longer and longer due to circumstances.Finally he has to tell his wife about his brother , -LSB- who hangs up on him -RSB- that he will be living with them in the future.The movie shows the difference between city people and country people in modern china.I like the country people better .
 This is a sweet-natured film that depends heavily on the tugs of family responsibility and the characters we meet for its charm . Please note that elements of the plot are discussed . Da Ming -LRB- Pu Cunxin -RRB- is a businessman in a big city in southern China who receives a cryptic postcard from his younger brother , Er Ming -LRB- Jiang Wu -RRB- . Er Ming is retarded and the postcard shows a rough drawing of their father , Master Liu -LRB- Zhu Xu -RRB- , lying on a slab with Er Ming sitting next to him . Thinking his father is dead or seriously ill , Da Ming arrives in Beijing and shows up at the traditional bath house his father owns . Liu may be aging and is not too well , but he still manages the bath house with the help of Er Ming . The two enjoy each other 's company . They run races and have contests to see who can hold his breath longest . Er Ming may be retarded and slow , but he takes delight in the work of the bath house and his responsibilities . He has a good heart . But all this ca n't last ; the neighborhood is scheduled to be torn down for new development.As Da Ming 's visit lengthens , he becomes reacquainted with his father and brother and the life they lead running the bath house . He comes to appreciate the slower pace of things . Through his father and Er Ming , he 's able to observe the lives of the customers . When his father dies , he makes some decisions that he soon realizes are wrong . He 's learned more than he thought during his stay with his father and brother at the bath house.The movie is a bit sentimental . It pushes the themes of family and the value of the old ways . It also is a warm and amusing look at peoples ' lives . We come to know the two old men who argue over their cricket matches and accuse each other of trickery , and the hen-pecked man with a harridan for a wife , who has a marital problem that wo n't rise to the occasion , and the chubby , shy teen-ager who sings O Solo Mio with confidence in the showers but ca n't get anything out on a stage , and the young man who dreams of business success and keeps getting in debt to the wrong men . And since most of the movie takes place in this old , traditional bath house , we can see a slice of Chinese life which is rapidly fading away . Master Liu 's bath house is not just a place to bathe , it 's a place to spend the day if you want , to sleep , to gossip , to enjoy friends , to play long games of xiangqi , to soak and get a massage , to be cupped or get a manicure -LRB- with an instrument that looks like it could peel the flesh off your finger if Master Liu ever slipped -RRB- . It 's a place where problems can be fixed , whether marital or singing or crickets.At the end of the movie the bulldozers are tearing down the neighborhood . The bath house finally has closed . The old patrons are scattering to new homes . Er Ming and his brother will soon be returning to Da Ming 's home , and we hope Da Ming 's wife will learn the lesson 's about family that her husband has learned . We 're hopeful , but we 're not sure.The actors all do fine jobs . Zhu Xu , who plays the father , played the lead in a very good movie , The King of Masks . The DVD looks just fine . There are no significant extras .
 This delighted audiences at a number of film festivals , and it is not hard to see why . Director Yang Zhang , with the help of some very nice work by the three principle actors , Xu Zhu as the father , Master Liu ; Quanxin Pu as the elder son , Da Ming ; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son , Er Ming , spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart.The film starts with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing . He puts some money in a slot , opens the door , takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyer belt to be cleaned , steps into the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as though he 's a car at the car wash . This is the future symbolically speaking , and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past . Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.Pollution ? Cultural revolution hang-over ? Industrialization blues ? No way . What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another , a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men . Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film . On the one hand , it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people . It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied . Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are going to be replaced by something that may not be as good . I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may . Tell a story about old men at the bathhouse where they get back rubs and massages , where they tell tall tales and reminisce about the good old days , where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights , where the Master is a spry and wise old guy and his assistant is his son , who may be retarded or autistic , but who does his job with glee and an infectious spirit of fun and good will.Enter back on the scene the older son , Da Ming , who is polished , well groomed and taciturn . He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother . He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase , his cell phone and his education . He has only returned because he thought his father was dying . When he sees that this is not true , he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career . But then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural , people-centered life that his father and his brother have been living.And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new , and does so in such a charming manner that I will not object , especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed . One of the nice things he does that I miss in most movies is the way he dovetails the subplots within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends . The bathhouse regular who sings `` O sole mio '' in the bathhouse as the water showers down upon him , much to the delight of Er Ming , finds that he ca n't sing in public because of stage fright . Near the end of the film he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming . And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because ... well , he tells a tale to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason . But Liu understands and again before the movie is over , husband and wife are reconciled.This kind of `` happy ending '' movie-making is unusual in today artistic and international films , or in almost any film directed at adults . Some happy endings are so contrived as to embarrass not only their contrivers but their audiences . And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended . Here however the audience is delighted.See this especially for the comedic performance by Wu Jiang whose warm effervescence overcomes any handicap his character may have .
 Ive wanted to get into wake boarding for a few years now and had a hard time finding videos that made me want to do it even more . Ive been snowboarding for 10 years now and wanted something to do during the summer months to improve my skills -LRB- assuming wake boarding will do that -RRB- DEFY is a great film displaying the sport to the fullest . -LRB- dare I compair it to &#34; Art of flight &#34; -RRB- Danny Harf pushing the sport -LRB- wake boarding -RRB- just as much as Travis Rice -LRB- snowboarding -RRB- . From man made tow rope islands full of boxes , rails and raised pools to open water riding , this video covers it all . -LRB- with much advancement to go , with the sport anyway -RRB- The angles and slowmotion footage that was achieved are spectacular , something you cant get from your average youtube video.There are two DVD 's that come with this , one is the actual movie , the other is full of bonus footage . From building the features , to un-used clips , even snowboarding trips , there are hours more to watch . Sound track is also great.If you enjoy wake boarding or snowboarding I highly recommend this DVD.Also , If you enjoy the &#34; Art of Flight &#34; -LRB- watched it 5 times this winter season -RRB- I would recommendthis to get you just as pumped about wake boarding as AoF did with snowboarding . -LRB- Watched DEFY about 3 times + bounus features back in the summer -RRB-
 Thought this movie was pretty awesome . Wish it was 2 or 3 hours long though . I love wakeboarding so I love anything that involves wakeboarding but I thought they could of done the movie a little better to appeal more to mainstream to maybe get them more interested in wakeboarding . I kind of like that it is n't a mainstream sport but it does suck when you ca n't really watch tournaments or anything on tv or satellite and there are n't as many cable parks in the U.S. because of it . Anyway , it was a great movie to me and I love all those riders so I could watch stuff like this all day long .
 The video Defy is considered by me to be the best wakeboard movie of it 's kind . It is fast paced but grounded in the stunning cinematography and out of this world style . Danny Harf is one of the top names in the sport and watching this opens people 's eyes to the sport of wakeboarding in a wave of progression not seen commonly in wakeboard videos . I would definitely recommend this to a friend .
 TRIVIA & BEHIND THE SCENES
 TRIVIA & BEHIND THE SCENES
 I really enjoyed this film . It captures that `` Space Race '' era -LRB- the early 1960 's -RRB- in an urgent and simultaneously delightful way . It is rare to find the time preserved in such a film so wonderfully .
 Movie was great looking for it for many , many years and finally found it . A tear jerka in my book andyes again it made me cried from when I was a very young girl and saw it for the first time . Thanks again.Great to knw where I could find old movies .
 I was impressed with this movie . For being the producer 's first film , it is very well done . It was a little frustrating that the scenes are dark , but it is an abandoned building filmed at night , so if there was full lighting , it would be a little strange . Overall , I would recommend watching this movie .
 I 'm very proud of this film . It 's a first time indie film , so it 's not `` Hollywood '' , but if you 're a true film fan , you can see the artistic value and will appreciate this film . A part from the movie , it has great indie bands that participated in the movie 's soundtrack and had its own original score , which is pretty great . Search for the soundtrack here on Amazon or check out the movie 's website for more info . Thank you for supporting the Independent Arts ! : -RRB-
 As many independent films as i have watched this is outstanding . Its impressive the amount of work that went into this movie compared to other indie films . Happy to support these guys and i am looking forward to seeing more films come from them .
 If you 're looking for a film that is well-rounded in martial-arts action , humor and plot , you need to look elsewhere . The acting is mediocre at best , the story is absurd and the humor completely fails in delivery except for a couple of sight gags that may or may not bring a weak chuckle . Of course , this is to be expected and almost a standard in most low budget action films . BUT THE ACTION IS 100 % AWESOME !!! Nothing but top notch fight choreography , brutal bone-crunching hits and jaw dropping free-running executed to perfection for the sole purpose of entertaining the most hardcore of martial-arts movie fans !!! Let 's face it , if you 're a hardcore action fan like me , you do n't watch action flix for the plot . Most stories in these films are a generated excuse to break the protagonists and antagonists into a flurry of fists and kicks . The question is how to come up with the best fight or action scene to top the last one.If you 're the critical action fanatic looking for the next masterpiece , keep looking . Now , if you 're part of the hardcore fans , this movie was tailor made for you !!!
 I ca n't comment on this DVD specifically , having watched the British DVD release of Bangkok Adrenaline earlier this year ... It 's been a long time since the first trailer appeared on the internet for Bangkok Adrenaline . So I was really pleased to get an opportunity to finally see this film . Bangkok Adrenaline features the young exciting British talent Daniel O'Neill -LRB- a former member of the Jackie Chan stunt team -RRB- , who thrills with his amazing moves electrifying the screen . He free runs with agility , grace and energy , then performs unbelievable gymnastic like moves and his sheer speed , skill , kicks , punches , elbows and knees his opposition to defeat.The action does n't have the same kind of bone breaking brutality of Tony Jaa . Yet I found it immensely satisfying.Between the plentiful action involved in the film there are some good and very funny scenes that kept me entertained but I wo n't elaborate so I do n't spoil anything . The acting is passable if nothing special from the main cast but some of the actors are pretty bad in the smaller roles . However , if you 're thinking of watching this film you wo n't be watching it for the acting and drama . Like me your here for the action , the martial-arts and the thrills contained within . On that basis Bangkok Adrenaline is a roaring success of a movie and one I would definitely recommend watching.Oh yeah this is an English language movie as it was filmed to be.Easily one of the best new martial-arts films out this year ! 7.5 out of 10 .
 Bangkok Adrenaline is loaded with outstanding fight scenes and that 's why Martial Arts junkies should buy this . The acting is a joke because most of the cast speaks horrible English and stumbles through lines . The comedy is poorly timed and executed and it 's hard to like the four leads because they are just jerks . However , when three of them get into brawls -LRB- one of them ca n't fight a lick -RRB- , you forget about their annoying slacker personalities . The main star , Daniel O Neill blends Muay Thai , Parkour , Capoeira , and other styles together flawlessly . He is truly amazing to watch . You might not care for his character but you have to respect his skills . He definitely deserves to appear in his own direct to dvd sagas . The story is lame as the four British anti-heroes decide to kidnap a rich guy 's daughter for ransom in order to pay a huge gambling debt to a gangster while vacationing in Bangkok . The young lady 's father is also a criminal and that 's where the mayhem begins . So , forget about the acting , comedy and wack story . Concentrate on the action and this works . Once again , Bangkok Adrenaline is a must for Martial Arts fans .
 Some might say a VERY dark comedy in parts , but thoroughly enjoyable ! Danny Aiello always turns in a nice performance and `` Stiffs '' is no exception . Jon Polito has that unmistakable voice that this film really could n't do without and the rest of the cast also makes for a great one and one-half hours of entertainment.Goes from light to a rather dark comedy with a surprise ending ; I certainly never found a slow moment !
 A funeral parlor run by the mob ? That alone is really pretty hilarious . Inventory challenged ? Create some ?! And three ` wise-guys ' running the whole show ? A recipe for ruinous fun ; my wife and I both enjoyed it . Danny Aiello is fun to watch here as one of the ` wise guys , ' a hearse driver trying to ` make a living . ' Jon Polito , Frank Vincent and Lesley Ann Warren -LRB- so memorable in ` Victor Victoria ' -RRB- are also great in their respective roles ; some unexpected plot twists and dark but clever humor , what more could you ask for ?
 This was smart , engaging and wonderfully entertaining ! So well done was it , that it caught my attention early on and I followed the dancers ' auditions with almost a parental interest , hoping that they would land the part against all odds ; cheering them on and feeling their pain when they did n't make the cut . A wonderful look into a subject , heretofore unexplored to my knowledge . I was prepared to love it since my nephew was involved but it surprised even me and I loved it on it 's own merit .
 Every afficianado of A CHORUS LINE should see this film . The intercutting between the original show and performers and the auditions and casting for the Broadway revival are fascinating . Wonderful memories of the original production ... especially for those who loved it and may have seen it more than once .
 A CHORUS LINE -- the stage musical , is a major part of American Musical Theatre history . It is wonderful to have this documentary to tell the story of how it came to be . A `` must have '' for any musical theatre enthusiast .
 The Bottom Line : A film about the casting of A Chorus Line revival that understands the central theme of the play better than Richard Attenborough 's 1985 film does , Every Little Step is an engrossing documentary about aspiring actors/dancers that will interest you regardless of whether you have any familiarity with the story -LRB- though it certainly helps -RRB- and one I highly recommend .3 / 4
 I was never lucky enough to catch `` Chorus Line '' on the stage and found the movie so-so . This docu certainly changed my perception of the essence of what Chorus Line was conveying to its audience and maybe with me being an ardent , almost fanatical , fan of the dance series ` So You Think You Can Dance ' I 've come to appreciate just how very hard these dancers have to work to develop their talent for their place in the sun . I was fascinated how the stage play came about ie . as a result of true life stories of aspiring dancers , inserts that were taken from taped interviews over a period of 24 hours and around these song and dance numbers were formulated and brought to the stage . Moving 3 decades on , the movie goes through the trauma -LRB- eight months of call backs -RRB- of auditioning and a further 8 months to bring it a revival back to Broadway ... what tenacity that must take ! Most touching scene is the auditioning scene with the vulnerable youth bringing to tears the entire auditioning audience when he described how his debut stage appearance as a drag artist first shocked his attending-the-show parents , with his father , after the show , telling the producer of the show `` to look after my son '' - the very first acceptance of him as such.For all lovers of stage musicals this docu is a must .
 Every Little Step is a superlative documentary that took me back to all those years I spent in dance studios in New York , and all the dancers that I knew . Some went on to tremendous success , and some packed it in for more mundane jobs in the real world . The struggle to be the best that I could be touched every aspect of my life.Every Little Step is much more than a `` making of '' documentary . It 's the story of our lives , even if you 've never danced a step . Brilliant .
 This is one of the finest movies I have seen this year . I am a fan of Chorus Line and watched the stage show the first time -LRB- seen it at least four times -RRB- with my cousin in New York who is was a ballet dancer first and then moved on to Broadway shows and later a long run as a star on television . I sent this film on to her as a present and we both have rated this five stars and discussed it fully in detail . Just marvelously done !
 I remember seeing A Chorus Line when I was a young dancer in New York and being so touched by the personal stories . I became a professional dancer and now am a professor of dance and am anxious to share this story with my students in the hopes of inspiring them as the original production inspired me . Every dancer should see this film !
 Riveting . Jason Tam 's `` Paul '' audition and the panel 's reaction alone would easily be worth the price of the DVD , because you 'd want to watch that scene over and over . Buy it !
 Thoroughly enjoyed this incredible behind the scenes look , and it was every bit as moving as the original production .
 After wiping the tears away at the end of the film , my first thought was , `` This helps erase the memory of the awful film Of A Chorus Line '' . Having seen the show a number of times before the film adaptation , I was ready for a permanent homage to my favorite of all Broadway shows . I could have shot the director after seeing his misinterpretation of the original show . Every Little Step is even better than a film of the show could be for those of us who love it.We are given a look into the genesis of Michael Bennett 's concept . I did not know how groundbreaking A Chorus Line was until seeing this film . I think we all know about workshopping plays and shows now , but this show was the first one . Mr. Bennett sold the concept and found several years ' funding to develop the show . Everyone in the Broadway community knows how hard the life of chorus dancers is and I think was interested in seeing a show that honored them . Mr. Bennett `` wrote '' the show by committee . The stories are true , though the film points out that he might have done a lot better giving more credit to the contributors . The concept was so compelling that Marvin Hamlisch , then making a very good living doing Hollywood films , dropped everything and went to NYC to write the music . The story about retitling one of the songs is special.The stories about making the show and the archival films bring back wonderful memories and give great insight to the original show and the inspiration to/for the revival . Having principals from the original show staging the new one gives us a special look at why casting for this revival was so hard to do . Most important to the director and backers was whether they should even dare to try reproducing this most perfect of all Broadway shows . Would they be able to honor the spirit of both the show and Michael Bennett ? Well , I saw the show -LRB- on tour , not on Broadway -RRB- and think they did Mr. Bennett and the original cast proud.Because the show was so personal , the selection of the cast was also very personal . Every one of the over 3000 people trying out was auditioned . There were no `` resume only '' cuts . Every performer was treated with the utmost respect , and well they should have been . The people trying out are exactly the same ones Michael Bennett workshopped and personally selected for his show , only a newer generation . There are descendants of the original cast . There are people who have been around a long time and are most certainly wondering if it 's time to hang up their shoes . There are people with more talent than a single human ought to have . There are people who have what might seem like too much ego and some with so much modesty that you wonder how they get themselves on a stage . The creative team is often moved , as is the audience , by the auditions . There are people they want in the show and there are people who knock their socks off . Most of all , these are people who LOVE what they do and are willing to work possibly beyond their own capabilities to get a part in this show that honors their work.It was easy for someone who loves the show like me to get quickly involved . I have friends who have not seen the show who got hooked almost as quickly as I did . Nobody I knew at the preview screening `` survived '' the film with dry eyes , and we all sat through to the last credit , savoring the film to the very last second . For those who have only seen the film adaptation -- just forget a lot of what you saw and who did the songs . Every Little Step gets it right . Those of you who claim to not like Broadway shows can find much to like in watching these very talented people competing for jobs which , in many cases , are the goal they 've been shooting for all their careers . They work so hard and bare their souls trying to be `` the one '' . `` I really need this job '' is n't just a song , it 's the real thing here . Many of the people auditioning are on unemployment . And you just ca n't help getting involved . There was lots of applause when certain performers were selected . There was much discussion after the film about why their -- mine , too -- person was n't chosen . For instance , I think you 'll be glad to know the person who was n't chosen for the role of Cassie has gone on to do much great featured work in the DC area . She 's really good , too ! Take it from someone who 's seen her live.Haven ' t you bought the film yet ? What are you waiting for ?
 I saw `` A Chorus Line '' 11 times on Broadway during its original run . I had strong opinions on Donna McKechnie versus Anne Reinking . I knew every word and every step - could do entire dance sequences without stopping for a drink of water . `` What I Did For Love '' WAS -LRB- is ? -RRB- my anthem.As far as I know - no filming of the original show was made.The movie of `` A Chorus Line '' -LRB- with Michael Douglas et al -RRB- was so awful that I wanted to picket theaters that screened it and carry a sign that said `` DANGER
 It is a fascinating documentary , not only for a in depth glimps of a major musical on Broadway 's casting process , also a great perspective from those who must make the decision.Show biz is so very subjective . Those who made the callbacks are all talented performers . But to cast for specific roles , the winners and losers become more and more obvious gearing towards the final callback.I thought , with all the talent on Broadway , it must be hard to pick the right persons . Wrong . I viewed the DVD for the first time and was able to choose the ones being casted from the final callback scenes before the final cast was revealed . How ? By knowing what each role is all about and by seeing the intercutting footage of each finalist doing the same dance routine/song/dialogue for the same role he/she was competing . Seeing it from the decision maker 's point of view , the chosen ones became very obvious.SPOILER ALERT , IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO KNOW WHO GOT IT , STOP READINGTyce was a great dancer/singer but he 's too arrogant to be `` Mike '' , a decent and easy going young man.Jason Tam was no doubt the choice for `` Paul '' . I viewed his monologue -LRB- that made the production team cry -RRB- twice and both times I weeped , too . The most amazing thing is that he snapped out character as soon as he left the audition room ! I found out later that his upbring was very unlike the character Paul 's . I do n't know how he could bring such wrechedness and deep emotion out into the open to be Paul ... amazing.Chryssie Whitehead was absolutely adorable as `` Christine '' . Her spunk and cute face were a leathal combination . She reminds me of Sandra Bullock . I wonder why Ms Whitehead was n't on many feature film casting agents ' top list for comedy or rom com?Rachelle and Deidre were both fiesty performers . It was too bad that Rachelle got into a wistful mindset before performing Shiela for the final cutback . Seeing Deidre 's interpretation of Shiela right after Rachelle 's put any doubt to rest because Deidre was Shiela . By the way , Deidre reminds me of Michelle Obama , assured , physically strong , and intellegent.Jessica Lee was a bit young to be Val during the earlier callbacks . I thought she 'd be a great Maggie , her being so young and a bit unsure . However , her final callback 's performance of Val was terrific . She 's easily the best dancer in the lineup but she 's also convincing as a flirty and no nonsense Val.All in all , A Chorus Line is one of my all time favorite musicals . I adore almost all of the songs and underscore in it . I even like the movie version ! Long live A Chorus Line and wish for more rivivals to come !
 If you 're a fan of the stage version -LRB- which means that you also hated the `` A Chorus Line '' film -RRB- , then you 'll love this one ! It covers the audition process for the recent Broadway revival . Great footage and editing ; and it nicely captures the personalities of many of our original friends from the Broadway show.For those you who have n't seen it on the stage and liked the film made of it , you wo n't appreciate the talents in `` Every Little Step '' . Go see the stage version as soon as you can ... your local community theatre is going to do a better version of it than the movie `` A Chorus Line '' from a couple years ago .
 -LSB- ZACH -RSB- `` Step , kick , kick , leap , kick , touch ... Again!Step , kick , kick , leap , kick , touch ... Again!Step , kick , kick , leap , kick , touch ... Again!Step , kick , kick , leap , kick , touch ... Right!That connects with ... Turn , turn , out , in , jump , step , Step , kick , kick , leap , kick , touch.Got it ? ... Going on . And ... Turn , turn , touch , down , back , step , Pivot , step , walk , walk , walk.Right ! Let 's do the whole combination , Facing away from the mirror.From the top . A-Five , six , seven , eight ! -LSB- ALL -RSB- God , I hope I get it.I hope I get it.How many people does he need ? `` Song ' I Hope I Get It ' from ` Chorus Line '' Every Little Step ' is all about the auditioning for a show about auditioning . ` Chorus Line ' that glorious show by Michael Bennett , is about to be played again on Broadway . We see up close and personal the people going for the auditions , and a little bit about their lives . This film follows several singer/dancers through their audition process.Broadway `` gypsies '' , the show 's background chorus are coming together for the 2006 auditions for the revival of ` Chorus Line ' . We see how the auditions are composed , what the dancers/singers go through and how discouraging and encouraging each audition is . Michael Bennett came up with the idea for the play . One winter night in 1974 , Bennett gathered a group of dancers and asked everyone to talk about their lives while taping everything . The tapes were dramatic and confessional , it is said . The idea of ` Chorus Line ' came to be . And , we all know the success of the show . I was fortunate to see the original Broadway show , and love everything about it . It opened in 1975 , received 9 Tony Awards , a Pulitzer , and ran for 6,137 performances before closing in 1990 . In 2006 , 3,000 people applied in the audition process . We follow some of these people as they are moved on or told ` thanks alot , but no thanks ' . We are also privy to the history of ` Chorus Line ' from some of the people originally involved , and that is a fascinating part of the film . `` Composer Marvin Hamlisch credits Marsha Mason with a suggestion that turned A Chorus Line 's fortunes around . After seeing a preview , she told Bennett that `` it was wrong that that girl -LRB- Cassie -RRB- does n't get the job . '' Bennett took the criticism to heart , the ending was changed , Cassie was hired , and as Hamlisch reports , `` there were standing ovations from that night . `` Those 3,000 people all do these auditions for one reason , They Do It For Love.Highly Recommended . prisrob 12-16-09
 Wow ! What an awesome movie . Loved watching behind the scenes at the auditions and the interviews with the cast and crew . Enjoyed recognizing some of those auditioning from other shows and TV . Loved the tidbits about the little changes made that helped make A Chorus Line the smash it was/still is . I recommend this movie to anyone who loves theatre especially musicals and/or dance . A singular sensations for sure .
 If , like me , `` A Chorus Line '' is one of your all time favorite Musicals , PLEASE get this absorbing DVD of this extraordinary and original Musical being revived by Bob Avian who assisted the unique Michael Bennett on the original Broadway opening in 1974 . It is both informative , exciting and gives an emotional insight of how it was originally conceived , and why it was and always will be considered one of the all time greats in Musical Theatre . My only wish was that it could have been longer to include a few more of the central characters in the show ... then I would have given it the full 5 stars .
 I 've seen A CHORUS LINE three times . twice in Broadway and once in London . I 've got the original recording , read a lot about the play and consider myself a N 1 fan of this musical . So , how could n't I go nuts with this documentary ? This IS the real thing ! It 's the audition for a theatrical audition that becomes thrilling and most fascinating by the truth and honesty behind each image
 For anyone with an interest in dance , theatre , Broadway , musicals or anyone who may be job-hunting at the moment , this is an amazing experience . The backstage and personal stories which follow a number of young dancers auditioning for the revival of A Chorus Line are mesmerizing . Truly one of the best documentaries that I 've ever seen about a life in the theatre . You do n't have to be knowledgeable about theatre or dance , though - anybody who has ever sought employment in any field will be able to relate to the dancer 's experiences ... Michael Bennett was a genius
 I saw this documentary at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival . That four day period I saw about 15 documentaries . This was more than I could have ever expected even though I have been a fan of documentary film making for many years . The level of emotion shown in the course of the auditions was completely unexpected . The camera work and editing were unequaled . This film is a delight all the way through .
 Every Little Step is the best documentary you could want about ' A Chorus Line ' and about the timeless saga that performers go through in the audition process . As someone who has worked and known the inner workings of theatre for many years - it meant alot . And I loved every minute of it . What a gift to be given a peak into the personal lives and actual auditions of these people - and to see the process of the 2006 revival of ' A Chorus Line ' come to life , and be a living process for many people . If you are someone watching this documentary who knows little to nothing about theatre or even ' A Chorus Line ' - then this documentary will be rather boring for you , and unfortunately it will assume you know alot of things you probably do n't . This is probably the film 's biggest downfall . Catering only to those who know what the show is about and what theatre is about.I personally was dissapointed that it did not get an Oscar nomination for best documentary feature - but i do understand why .
 A play within a film within a play within a film . Well conceived and well executed . Exactly what I expected and hoped for . I recommend it to anyone interested in dancing and/or acting for a living . It 's a rough world and this shows it extremely well .
 The content was what we hoped for and the video was in good shape . It arrived in a timely manner . We are happy with out purchase .
 This is an incredible real life documentary about the casting process of the broadway revival of A Chorus Line . It is very intriguing and informative ! The video shows the final callbacks and all the auditions for each character . It is very intersting and emotionally charged . I highly recommend this video to anyone , especially those interested in show business : D
 I found this movie by accident in a RedBox rental kiosk . Did not even know that it existed . That was two weeks ago . I have now watched it at once a day on Netflix Instant Watch.I am not a dancer or actor , however , we have seen most of the greatest shows with their original casts in the past 28 years . These include Yul Brynner in his final tour ofThe King and I -LRB- 50th Anniversary Edition -RRB- , original London cast ofLes Miserables
 The documentary is great for anyone who loves A Chorus Line , particularly if that person remembers the original production . But , it is fun for anyone curious about the audition process .
 This Documentary is amazing i bought this for myself , I had seen it at the arc light in Hollywood . Being a fan of the show , If you are a fan , you will love this documentary .
 Take it from one who was actually present in NYC and hanging out with all the originators of this groundbreaking American musical that this is a very honest and accurate behind the scenes exploration of the creative process that went into such a universally appealing show . The film is well worth the viewing for anyone interested in the complexity of the collaborative nature of musical theatre and how , like any other enlightening experience , one often gains the deepest insights about the human conidtion from stories devised from peoples ' real lives . Like the show , this film is bound to touch the hearts of any audience interested in the secrets behind the footlights .
 I love musicals so much and collect DVDs . I saw the Chorus Line revival version when I visited NY.This DVD contains the process of auditioning that revival version 's cast members.It 's interesting to watch all the behind stories and to listen to the original choreographer 's recorded workshop , and all.It 's a shame that I ca n't express myself well enough in English . T.T
 we saw the original on bdwy 1n the 70 's ad just last month we saw it for the 4Th time in Houston . Bought the tape before we saw the show this time and were memorized by it , If your a fan of The Chorus Line this cd is a must !!!!!!
 I 'm a chorus line lover . It made me start dancing and I saw it four times , twice in New York . I never thought I could enjoy any musical more than Chorus line , but `` Every Little Step '' was even more enjoyable , if that 's even possible . I knew I 'd have to own it - which is rare for me . I love behind the scenes stories , and this is a behind the scenes story of a play behind the scenes . Pure paradise .
 Took my daughter to see this movie in the theaters when it came out . We both love the musical , A Chorus Line and hoped we would love this kind of documentary . We both loved it , so I knew I had to purchase the DVD when it came out . The storyline is well organized and I guess if you loved the musical getting a better understanding of how things happened and having scenes of the auditions for the revival just made things perfect .
 For the legions of theater lovers who treasure A CHORUS LINE this informative and fascinating little film will bring memories and tears and satisfaction . The story behind the film is a documentary of sorts that examines the remake of the now nearly thirty-five year old Broadway sensation of a show that was created by Michael Bennett from a recorded conversation with ` gypsies ' -LRB- a common term for those who work the chorus line -RRB- . The road from conception to completion for the original show is mirrored by the struggles to cast this re-staging . We are privileged to observe scores of talented dancer/singers as they try to satisfy the team that will have the final say in who is selected for the production . Those familiar with the original cast as well as the movie version or one of the many traveling troupes that have keep this show alive will make their own decisions about who is best for each of the roles . This provides a very immediate replay of the original idea , watching the reactions of each of the people who audition , learning about their own lives , and the importance that appearing in this production means to each . They take what could have been an insider 's story and make it viable - which most certainly adds to the joy of seeing and hearing bits and pieces of one of the best shows Broadway ever produced . There is a lot of humor here , some very gut wrenching drama -LRB- as we see one of the dancers recreate Paul 's monologue -RRB- , and load of fine memories . Grady Harp , November 09
 A fascinating insight into the casting process for a superb Broadway production of A Chorus Line . What gives it the extra edge is the obvious parallel between the subject matter of the documentary and that of the classic musical itself . You will share the pain , heartache and success of the performers who give their talented all to achieve recognition in the face of extremely tough and rigorous competition . One criticism
 I , too , saw this movie in the theatre and was overwhelmed , both by the story of the dancers auditioning for the revival as well as the archival material & interviews with the cast & creators of the original . I saw ACL on Broadway in 1976 and it helped inspire me to pursue a career as an actor and to take years of dance class . Although no longer a performer , I love those who are and this film is a paean to anyone who dreams of earning a living doing the one thing they love most . ACL has always had a special place in my heart -LRB- the movie version notwithstanding -RRB- and `` Every Little Step '' was like a giant bouquet of roses laid at the feet of an adored diva . I wept at the loss of Michael Bennett and so many others , reveled in the joy of knowing that as long as ACL is being performed they will live on , and was on the edge of my seat waiting to learn which dancers made the final cut . I could not have loved this film more . A final note
 The Facts Behind the Show . This DVD must be seen by all that have been impacted by the splendor of this show .
 Simply wonderful , but I ca n't understand the lack of subtittles in Spanish in this type of product !
 I waited for this DVD to be released , and ordered it the day it came out . I got it quickly in original packaging as promised .
 OUTSTANDING !!! A CHORUS LINE is one of my favorite Broadway musicals and to hear the original meetings with Michael Bennett was such a treasure . Then to see how the characters unfolded through their auditions and what the casting team were looking for was a unique look inside the revival cast . I 'm a huge fan of Nikki Snelson , but never knew she was in the running for `` Val . '' Tyce DiOrio ? Ugh . Jason Tam 's ` Paul ' monologue broke my heart . Outstanding !! Overall , a great product .
 A fabulous story , not just for dancers , actors and singers , but for those who know them and love them . A special look inside a Broadway revival like you 've never seen before . Anyone who 's ever gone on a job interview , of any kind , can relate to this movie . The victory of landing the job , and the heartbreak of being rejected.An absolutely wonderful documentary . A tribute to all the creators , and the immortilization of the greatest American written , Broadway show !
 Documentaries like this one help you keep your perspective against wastes of time like `` America 's Got Talent '' , `` So You Think You Can Dance '' , `` American Idol '' , and the rest of that dreck.This is a great DVD in which you learn a lot about what went into casting the recent revival of `` A Chorus Line '' and you learn almost as much about the original production back in the Seventies . Alternately inspiring and heartbreaking , `` Every Little Step '' has more genuine human drama than the best of scripted television or the reality shows . In fact , it is a disservice to `` ELS '' and the theater community at large to even mention `` reality shows '' in the same sentence with this program.The feature film is fascinating , and you should also re-watch it with the commentary track to hear and learn even more.When auditioner Nikki Snelson -LRB- who did n't get cast for the Broadway revival but was cast in the national tour -RRB- watches from the wings as fellow auditioner Jessica Lee dances circles around everyone else , you can see the resignation -LRB- and subtle look of respect -RRB- on Snelson 's face . It 's real life , folks , and much more interesting and relevant than `` those other shows '' . I 'm sorry -- I 'm not trying to rage against television . But do yourself a favor and rent or buy `` Every Little Step '' . Please.And support the arts every chance you can . Only love beats theater .
 This documentary , lovingly constructed and produced , is a must-have for anyone interested in the process of auditioning , the emotional journey of an actor , and the components of putting on a show . As a performer and an educator , I find this engaging film to be a fascinating look into the heartache , the triumph , the passion , and the resilience of people driven by their love of the theatre . It captures so much of the work of the theatre practitioner , from the creation , from the truth of its inspiration to the discipline of the performers , to the challenging task of the casting director to the vision of the director and choreographer to ultimately the audience 's integral role in the final most crucial part of the entire process . Films like this , and Moon Over Broadway and Show Business , are such amazing and affectionate portraits of a world and a people who realize that talent and ambition are often not enough but when the stars align , the reward for all involved is like nothing else in the world . One singular sensation , indeed.Watch this brilliant film and then go out to the live theatre and feel your life change and your appreciate grow .
 For anyone who knows the show -LRB- not the movie -RRB- A Chorus Line , this video follows a number of hopefuls who tried out for the revival ; some of them make it , some of them do n't . Performances , interviews , insights into the selection process . A huge plus is the tape of some of the original interviews that led to the production . A must for anyone who saw both the original and the revival that starred Charlotte d'Amboise .
 It is an accurate depiction of what transpires in the world of auditioning for a Broadway show . So much talent and so much rejection - it is worthwhile for all theatre students to see this . Some language could be considered objectionable but nothing is offensive and it is well done .
 From 1980 - 1985 I lived close to New York and saw &#34; Chorus Line &#34; on Broadway 5 or 6 times . My all time favorite Broadway musical . The movie was horrible , and there is no DVD available of the show as it appeared on stage . This DVD is the next best thing as it takes you through auditions for a revival , and refers back to the process of getting the first show produced . I would recommend this for anyone who loves &#34; Chorus Line &#34; and even for those who have not seen the play on stage , but love Broadway musicals .
 If you LOVE Broadway Musicals , PRE-1975 -LRB- not that I 'm against any produced more recently -RRB- - you will fall in LOVE with this DOCUMENTARY about `` A CHORUS LINE . `` JUST BUY IT !!
 If you love a Chorus Line , you 'll love this . Great back stage look at picking the right people and what the whole process is like .
 This was a great learning implement in our school ALTHOUGH I NEVER CONFIRMED THE ORDER AND AMAZON STILL POSTED THE ITEM TO ME , NOT ALLOWING ME TO CANCEL IT WITHIN 2 HOURS AFTER RECEIVING THEIR EMAIL CONFIRMATION , POSTING THE ITEM IMMEDIATELY WHEN THEY POSTED THAT IT WOULD ARRIVE WITHIN 1 ENTIRE MONTH , THEN PUTTING ME THROUGH THE RINGER WHEN ATTEMPTING TO CLOSE MY AMAZON ACCOUNT ... !!! Apart from this Amazon ironclad prison I must say that this dvd is worth the headache and deceit that Amazon is causing me , IF YOU CAN , BUY IT ANYWHERE ELSE BUT HERE ... !!!! Remember I NEVER CLICKED ON CONFIRM THIS ORDER OR PLACE IT IN MY CHECKOUT CART , I JUST CLOSED THE PAGE ... !!!! ... be aware people ... !!!
 I have no complaints . The service was swift , the item arrived exactly as described , and has given me a lot of pleasusre . thank you
 I am left with one major question . What is the big deal about casting a revival ? What about the casting of each replacement for the original cast ? Was that not as important ? With A Chorus Line , each replacement cast member of the first run was replacing someone who was there for Michael Bennett 's original tapes .
 A very enjoyable documentary showing the effort and dedication that performers put into auditioning for a Broadway musical . It follows some of them through several stages of the process . For those who made it to the final audition , I was hoping each of them would be selected even though some were not chosen .
 Stellar ! Incredible and rare look inside the process of selecting a Broadway cast of an iconic show . Fascinating & riveting ! You will watch this again & again . Great extras & incredible commentary ! Do yourself a favor and run do not walk to buy this for yourself .
 I saw this movie in the theater 3 times and loved it so I neede to own it ! If you loved '' * A Chorus Line '' the show as much as I did you will really like this documentary
 To me this movie does a great job of marrying the revival with the original show . When I finished watching it , I watched it again . I found myself a little exhausted thinking `` God , I hope she/he gets it ! '' Great way to spend an hour and a half .
 It is rare for the supplemental disc to be just as good as the primary , but the commentary and interviews add even more insight and joy to the movie itself . And there is more about auditioners who did n't make the cut . The movie was a brilliant idea and the second disk only builds on it . The musical and this movie capture so well what we felt when we first came to New York to start our careers . The original , the revival and now this movie -- all fresh and captivating
 I like it very much except one thing -LSB- it 's always something ! -RSB- . WHAT HAPPENED TO DIANA ? . Yes that one , the one who sings `` What I did for love '' . I would like to see the faces on the panel auditioning Natalie Cortez . She really looks the part , and her `` Nothing '' is tremendous.Later , we can hear her singing over the credits . In `` deleated scenes '' , we listen to Priscilla Lopez telling the original story . But that is not enough.Just for that reason I am giving four stars instead of five.After writing this `` review '' I read she was cast early . Was n't she auditioned at all?Even somebody with a last name as D'amboise was . Everyone should be in the film !
 This is great to watch if you are a fan of the Broadway Show . It tells the fan how the show started and has plently of old clips and information I never knew .
 makes one appreciate what performers need to go through to be part of a production , on broadway or in a road company , in film , on television . seems no matter how good your credentials may be , you have to get out there and shine .
 Geniuses all ! Whomever contributed to this wonderful piece , especially the man who dreamed it many years ago . My favorite parts are Jason Tam 's audition and when the final callbacks are made after all of the casting is done . Beautiful . Job well done . Peace .
 The story of A Chorus Line , and it 's significance in performance circles , is the heart and soul of this well made documentary . If you 're familiar with the show then you will love Every Little Step for the magical insight it gives you into this seminal piece of American musical theatre . If you do n't know A Chorus Line you will still get caught up in following these incredible , talented people as they strive to fulfill their hopes and dreams to be part of something they deem so important . Amazing !
 It 's good , but I would like more episodes . They do a great job of explaining the processess step by step . There may be things you have to look up , like wiring . But electricity is easy , as long as you 're careful .
 Courtesy of Fear.Net , I sat down to watch this movie with the intent of seeing something light and completely not of the stellar quality . However , within the first fifteen minutes -- where barely anything happens in the film -- I was pleasantly surprised and settled in for what I believed would be a good film.Let me tell you , I was not disappointed.BLACK WATER is about a small group of Australians away on a holiday . After visiting with family and going to the famed crocodile park , Mark , the leading man in this story , decides that he wants to go for some light fishing , but when they discover that they 're unable to go they 're disheartened and more than willing to abandon the trip -- that is , until Jim , another caretaker , offers to take them.Things seem to be going well immediately . They 're getting a few bites , they 're having a great time -- Then , out of nowhere , their boat is capsized , their captain killed by a giant crocodile , and they are left to survive , alone , in the Australian outback , with nothing more than a bottle of bug spray , a dead cell phone and a pocket knife.BLACK WATER is your usual , straight-forward creature-feature film -- it features a small group of people who are suddenly thrust into a situation that they can not control . Miles away from civilization and in a channel hardly-navigated by boat traffic , there seems to be little hope from the get go . This sense of hopelessness is conveyed not only by surprisingly-talented actors , but by an amazing score that had me on the edge of my seat throughout the entire movie . Tension flows and ebbs in wicked tones as the score first rises , then falls in between crocodile sightings . However , this film would be nothing without the amazing actresses who are thankfully focused upon throughout much of the film . Both the women who played Gracie and Lee did an amazing job and set up an amazing chemistry that only further served to complete this film.Do I have anything bad to say about this movie ? Not really . I could have hoped for a more definite ending , but that might just be the fan of heroism in me that makes me desire that . However , that DOES NOT , in the least , detract from this movie.As of this posting , BLACK WATER can be seen for free on Fear.Net , and for the amount of fun and tension I had whilst watching this film , I would recommend any and everyone who reads this review to seek this film out . Filled with tension up until the very last minute , BLACK WATER is an edge-of-your-seat creature feature with an all-star cast , a beautiful score and a very realistic sense of dread . You will not be disappointed when watching this film .
 Watched this last night and I was pleasantly surprised . Suspenseful , not full of goofy CGI , decent acting , and based on a true story . Not to be confused with other movies with the same title . Well worth seeing !
 Opening with a montage of candid vacation photos , Black Water -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is a film that unpretentiously tells a story about ordinary people , unexpectedly facing danger . Supposedly based on real events in Australia , the tale is simple , but quite effectively told , as a party of tourists is attacked by a crocodile , while on a fishing tour . The survivors experience fear , doubt , confusion , and despair , as the deadly crocodile seems to show up at exactly the wrong time.Grace -LRB- Diana Glenn -RRB- , her boyfriend Adam -LRB- Andy Rodoreda -RRB- , and her sister Lee -LRB- Maeve Dermody -RRB- are on vacation together . With no definite plans , they decide to take a fishing tour on the river . Boarding a small boat , Jim -LRB- Ben Oxenbould -RRB- their tour guide takes them out on the river . While stopped in shallow water , the boat is flipped over by a croc , spilling the group into the water . Grace and Adam make for a tree , while Lee tangled in some ropes is trapped beneath the capsized boat . Unfortunately , Jim has become a snack for one of nature 's more efficient killing machines . Eventually , Lee makes her way to the tree , leaving the three survivors stuck up on the branches , looking down into the murky water , with the overturned boat floating few feet away , wondering what they should do.To say much more , would spoil it for those who have n't seen the film . With much of the action centered around a boat and a small group of trees , Black Water still holds your interest , and seems to have a high believability factor . The crocodile is very persistent , and a couple of times gets a bit too frisky , but mostly the creature 's behavior seems credible . The actions of the survivors , seems logical and believable as well . Their thinking process is clear , and things play out in a very natural and realistic way . Early on an element is introduced that becomes a crucial factor later , but to story 's credit , it takes some effort and intelligence to play this last card.Black Water is co-written and co-directed by Andrew Traucki , and David Nerlich . The pair provide an informative commentary track , with some interesting background information . The cast and crew worked under some very challenging conditions on location . Actors Diana Glenn , Andy Rodoreda , and Maeve Dermody are all very good , with Dermody delivering a very credible , and surprisingly gutsy performance.Black Water is unspectacular and has a slow pace , but is a solidly effective thriller , with some surprises . For more along these lines , take a look atRogue - Unrated -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , which also takes place in Australia .
 Surprisingly well-made film . Actors and situation tense and credible . Made me flinch a few times , and the pace was slow to add to the tension . Good photography , too . The Aussies can make a really good film when they put their mind to it , and this is one of those films !
 Refreshingly nasty croc-shocker pits three vacationers stranded in a northern Australian swamp against a massive hungry beast.Believable performances , clever utilization of restraint -LRB- sometimes what you DO N'T see is scary -RRB- and the use of real crocodiles add-up to nail-chomping tension and genuine scares .
 Three travelers taking a fishing tour are left in the midst of mangrove swamps of Northern Australia . There is no one to guide them back to the town . The cell phone is dead . No one is likely to come where they are stranded . And somewhere in the muddy water a huge crocodile is hiding , waiting for the chance to eat them one by one . `` Black Water '' is a solid B-suspense movie . Unlike other killer animal thrillers like `` Alligator '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , `` Black Water '' employs a more realistic approach to tell the story of three hapless travelers and one deadly croc , cleverly using the swamp as the backdrop . Obviously this Australian film was shot with a minimal budget , but the film 's atmospheric photography is impressive enough to make us believe the presence of the lurking danger . Sometimes cheap special effects ruin the film in this kind of low budget suspense films , but this does n't happen in `` Black Water . `` The film claims it is `` based on true events '' -LRB- I do n't know anything about the events the film refers to -RRB- , but actually the storyline of `` Black Water '' is pretty familiar to the fans of the genre . Do n't get me wrong . This is not to say the film is bad . The acting is very good , and the film 's direction is steady and solid , but honestly , the story after the first croc attack is not very surprising . Also , some of the dialogues delivered on a tree are just unnecessary . . There are many suspense films featuring wild animals attacking humans and `` Jaws '' always comes top of the list . `` Black Water '' may not be as thrilling as Spielberg 's classic , but it is still entertaining .
 This movie was SURPRISINGLY good I was not expecting that . After reading the preview of the movie I thought ok could be another cheesy D rated movie . But it kept me on edge , the thriller was there and you wanted to see how they were going to make it out of the swamps alive would surely recommend , after a while it 's a movie I would watch again .
 the merchant from which i purchased was awesome . great price , speedy delivery . i will definitely buy from them again . and i love the movie !!!
 It 's rare to find a horror film which draws so much of its drama from the contemplation of its characters . . A tense thriller which received an unfortunate straight-to-DVD release in the US , sporting cover-art so uninspired I 'd be surprised if this movie found its true fans . One major bonus is the lack of CGI in `` Black Water '' - real crocodiles take the place of computer generated cartoons , making the creature scenes all the more real .
 Comparisons to another Australian low-budget horror film , Open Water , are inevitable -- and apt . And , having mentioned `` Open Water , '' I should add that I thought it a brilliant film . Thus , this review should be interpreted in light of that statement.Three twenty-somethings are on their summer holiday shortly after Christmas . They decide to take a fishing trip and engage a small boat and tour guide . While they are anchored in a mangrove swamp , a killer crocodile upsets the boat and dispatches the guide . This leaves the three vacationers to fend for themselves . Most of the time , they do so by sitting in the mangrove trees , which allow them safety from the crocodile if not comfort or a path to rescue.As I noted , comparisons to `` Open Water '' are inevitable . Here are just a few :1 . The casts are mostly unknown to American audiences but do an admirable job .2 . The films rely heavily on an inability to see the animals -LRB- sharks and the crocodile -RRB- , building suspense through what are often simply shots of water .3 . Both films begin with a short attempt to get us to know the characters , but these attempts are not enough ; we only get to know the characters well once they are in serious trouble .4 . There is little gore or overt violence in either film .5 . Both films were made on small budgets.There are other similarities , of course , but I do n't want to belabor the point . In the end , I thought `` Black Water '' was a solid movie , but it tended a few times a bit much toward predictability for my tastes .
 I have a wierd fear of alligators/crocodiles . Living in Florida you pretty much are used to an alligator being in any body of water , Ive even knowingly swam in lakes that have them . I can hold baby ones , touch adults who have taped mouths of course . My fear only manifests itself in my nightmares where I am pursued by one , or many , and dragged underwater . I know thats just symbolism , but its sure as heck feels like a reptilian nightmare.This film inhabits those nightmares , and I was crazy in the head to watch it ... but I still did ! Black Water is an Australian film , based on a true story . The real story involved 3 teens who went for a bike ride by a river and there was a flash flood , the teen boy got pulled under by a crocodile and the other two , both girls , climbed a tree . The Croc paraded the body past the girls all night , and then stuck around so they could n't get down , they were finally rescued and the boys ' body was never recovered.In Black Water the characters are also two women who are sisters and the oldest sister 's husband . They take a vacation , and ironically go to a crocodile farm . The saltwater croc or `` saltie '' is the largest living reptile . The Australian Saltwater Crocodile population is estimated at somewhere between 100,000 and 200,000 adults , and its not uncommon to find one measuring in at 19 feet . Most of the farms were opened up by hunters who were capturing a record amount of crocs , and now using them for products -LRB- meat , purses , belts , etc -RRB- and the tourism aspect brought even more money in . Now they are breeding farms , and no wild crocodiles are brought in , so its turned into a conservation movement as well as an entertainment industry . I bring this up , because now there are fewer hunters and more crocodiles in the wild , and that 's where this film comes in.These three go from the farm , where they observed how crocs can jump out of the water to grab prey , and just how powerful they are in pursuit of a meal , to going fishing down into the mangroves off a main river . While fishing , a crocodile turns over their boat and kills their guide immediately , and they must now find a way to survive its hunt . I love horror movies that take place in one distinct area , in this case a little plot of water , some trees , and a boat . They actually filmed in a real mangrove , with real crocodiles , none of that CGI nonsense that 's hardly believable . I had to keep telling myself to breathe at points , and that it was only a movie.I only have one complaint , and that 's the cover of the DVD , do n't go by how terrible that is , the Australian release had a better one than the Americanized version .
 Never heard of this but it was on FearNet and a freebie so I gave it a try and it was edge of the seat once it got going . A pregnant girl , her bf and the pregnant girls younger sister along with a guide go on a fishing trip in the back waters of northern Australia where they soon meet up with a fiesty and very hungry crocodile.Let 's talk about this crocodile for a moment . With its pronounced furrows above its eyes it resembles Andy Rooney of 60 Minutes . If only it would eat Andy Rooney -LRB- sigh -RRB- . Once they arrive in a tributary called the mangroves , they are immediately up close and personal with the croc who tips over their dinky rowboat and chows down on the guide . The couple scramble out of the water and make it to a tree . The younger sister is trapped under the boat but she soon pulls herself onto the capsized dinky rowboat.The croc has finished his guide snack and is now circling the dinky rowboat looking for dessert.The only gross-out scene involves sound rather than visuals . The croc has risen to just below the surface of the water , victim firmly clenched in its jaws and offscreen all you hear is the sound of chewing and bone crunching . A great example of imagining besting outright blood and guts.The balance of the movie is the fate of the trio in the tree . Will they live ? Will they die ? Who will survive or can they survive?The movie is intense and mind numbingly terrifying.Good movie , not a great movie but well worth a watch and the moral of the story is -- If you ever go fishing in the back waters of Australia , watch out for a crocodile with Andy Rooney eyes .
 BLACK WATERBlack Water is a movie about a group of friends who go out into the water one day with a tour guide to go fishing . After leaving from their mother 's house two sisters and one 's boyfriend head out for a road trip . After visiting a croc farm they decide it is time to go fishing , does n't seem like the right move right ? So after getting a guide to take them out they spend an uneventful day out on the water that is until the boat rocks . Turns out a very big croc was waiting underneath them and pushed the boat over . That was the last time the guide was seen , and the other three make their way up a tree . From here on out the movie is all about these three in the tree and the croc below.I remember watching this the first time and thinking here we go another nature run amuck flick that is supposedly based on true events . To my surprise this movie turned out to be good , much better than I expected . From what I can gather this is based on true events from a group of friends that were swimming or something and one got pulled underneath and was gone while the other two made it up a tree . Whether this is true or not it is still an effective and entertaining flick that all should enjoy . I personally like to think that this is based on some truth that is real close to this event . Do n't get me wrong I do n't like that people got ate alive but knowing that this is true adds a little something to it.This movie is far from the best thing ever made but it is an effective enough film on the level that it does have a bit on tension to it . I like that the filmmakers stuck to the less is more rule and only showed the croc when necessary . I especially like when the camera just looks to the water and nothing ever appears , then right when you are getting the feeling ever thing is ok just the top of the croc 's head appears right in front of someone . Writer/directors David Nerlich and Andrew Traucki did a great job in my opinion on this indie flick about a killer croc.As far as performances go they only add to the tension since the small cast all do great jobs . The guys are good in this the boyfriend goes from a geeky looking dude to trying to be the hero , it does n't work out . But it is the actresses that play the two sisters that steal the show from the boys in this one ; the younger one in particular is great . Add in the atmosphere of the film and you have an enjoyable little killer croc flick there are more enjoyable films on this subject if you want gore or even comedy elements in croc/alligator flicks . But if you want a cool indie flick with a good amount of tension , I liked it . There has been comparisons to a little shark flick you may have heard of called `` Open Water '' , both are based on true events .
 I recently reviewed the awful Lake Placid 2 and now we have another moving about a menacing crocodile , Black Water . Trust me however ; the two films could not be more different in every way possible . Black Water is a true , low-budget diamond in the rough . In this case , low-budget does n't mean any sacrifice in quality . This Australian-produced film is somewhat reminiscent of 2003 's Open Water in that it has a very small cast -- only five actors are listed in the credits -- and is shot in only a few different settings . The fear in Black Water is largely psychological and comes from what you do n't see as much as what you do see.Set just after Christmas , two sisters Lee -LRB- Dermody -RRB- and Grace along with Grace 's boyfriend , Adam , hire a boat to take them fishing and sightseeing along an Australian river . The river waters are extremely high , creating a swamp out of the nearby forest . As the trio cast their lines in the murky waters , their little boat is suddenly overturned by a crocodile who quickly munches their guide as they climb to safety up one of the trees . Their boat lies overturned , just feet away but it may as well be a mile . They find themselves completely trapped , surrounded by water and who knows how many crocodiles.Directors David Nerlich and Andrew Traucki deftly build the suspense as each little splash ; each ripple in the water sends a chill of fear through the three survivors . Adam wants to go for the boat but the sisters want to wait until someone comes along , a prospect Adam insists is useless as know one knows they are even out there . It becomes a test of nerves and resolve as they try to keep their footing in the tree as exhaustion and starvation assaults them , not to mention the constant biting of mosquitoes.Unlike Lake Placid , this film does n't use cheap CGI effects . In an effort to bring the most realism to the production , they 've used real crocodiles , combining them with the actors through blue screen photography which is seamless and often horrifyingly real . Its real progenitor might be considered Jaws , as you do n't see the crocodile a lot , particularly early on , although it does provide some of those signature jump-out-of-your-seat moments . You knew the croc was always out there , lurking about but you never knew where.The cast was superb because they were so completely real and believable . There was not a hint of overacting . Adam did n't try to be the typical macho hero and the girls were n't just helpless bimbos . They all did an outstanding job of conveying the helplessness and desperation of their plight . Nerves become frayed and tempers begin to flare . I can honestly say I did n't know who , if any of them , would ever get out of the swamp.The film was also shot on location in an actual mangrove swamp and provided the crew with only about a three hour window each day as the tide would go out leaving them in a muddy riverbed . The scenery was beautifully shot and while it was made only a mile or so from Sydney , it strongly suggested a primeval remoteness . This is one of those little hidden gems that you hope to find on a trip to the video store . Definitely one to check out.ExtrasThe extras included an audio commentary with both directors , a few deleted scenes and an excellent , 23 minute making of documentary featuring interviews with cast and crew .
 This movie is filled with gore and suspense . There 's lots of action and some scary scenes . I liked it a lot ... good cast and the actiing was also very good !
 This story about being trapped by a crocodile sent chills down my back . I loved the film . It did n't move slowly like some films do . Everything about it was spell binding . I strongly recommend this film to those who love to be scared . This film has very sad moments for me ; but , I thoroughly enjoyed the film .
 Do n't have much more to add to what others have stated so well.Extremely well done , low-budget film that has great direction , acting and subject going for it . Crocodile footage is seamlessly sewn into the scenes requiring actor interaction . Being eaten alive probably sucks , right ? Films like this will allay your doubts and it 's loosely based on a true account .
 Who says you need a 100 million dollar budget to make a good movie . This movie was suspenseful and the actors were pretty good . Not a waste of time to watch.Makes you not want to ever go into crocodile infested waters .
 Black Water is one extremely intense human survival movie . I do n't know how anyone could sit through this and not have to consciously unclench most of his/her muscles before he/she can walk away after it 's over . I can see where comparisons withJaws -LRB- 30th Anniversary Edition -RRB- , Open Water -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , orRoguewould ultimately come up in the discussion of this film , but I absolutely did not expect to see some viewers rating it so poorly . I do n't think the Jaws comparisons carry much weight , and - as far as the other film comparisons go - who cares ? Even if you 've never seen a movie before in your life , you pretty much know how the film is going to play out by the twenty-five minute mark - and that does n't make the film any less thrilling or suspenseful . The only question that really matters here is who , if any , of the characters are going to survive . The plot is one of brutal simplicity - and I mean that as a compliment.Here 's the situation . You 're enjoying a fishing adventure with two family members in a mangrove swamp in Northern Australia when your boat is capsized by a salt-water crocodile . Two of you manage to scurry up a nearby tree , while the most vulnerable member of your party clings to the top of the overturned boat . Forget about your tour guide because he does n't survive the initial attack . The odds are that no one is going to be looking for you any time soon , and there are hundreds of little tributaries to search if someone does come . Your best bet is the boat , but - assuming you can first rescue the third member of your party , there 's no way to get to the boat without venturing dozens of terrifying meters into the water . That water , by the way , is n't black but it is definitely dark -LRB- I imagine they would have called this movie Dark Water if that title had n't already been taken so recently -RRB- - unless the crocodile shows himself , there 's almost no way you 're going to know he 's coming until he 's torn into you with his massive jaws . What do you do?I love and respect crocodiles . They are second only to sharks in the list of nature 's most brilliantly designed killing machines . As unfortunate as the characters ' situation is , I ca n't hate or condemn this salty for doing what he was born to do . That being said , this particular croc is a mean one ; I do n't want to give anything away , so just take my word on this . The big guy 's in total control of the situation , and he knows it - and he has all the time in the world to wait for his victims to make a deadly mistake . You 're not looking at some kind of CGI creation or mechanical beast here , either ; Black Water serves us the real deal . Some people , of course , complain that the crocodile does not get enough screen time , but any fan of classic horror can tell you that less is more in situations like this . Maybe the ending does n't ring quite true , but overall I found this film disquietingly realistic.Perhaps the most horrifying thing of all about this film is the fact that it was inspired in part by actual events . Salt water crocs kill several people a year in Northern Australia , but most of those deaths involve humans doing something they should n't be doing . Here , as in the case that inspired the movie , you simply have a case of three individuals being in the wrong place at the wrong time . I realize I have n't mentioned any of the characters in this film . We may not get to know them like old friends , but I thought there was definitely adequate characterization in play here - and I thought Diana Glenn , Maeve Dermody , and Andy Rodoreda turned in inspired performances . In fact , I 'm going to throw out kudos all around , especially to co-writers and co-directors David Nerlich and Andrew Traucki . I understand that this film had a low budget -LRB- as little as one million dollars -RRB- , but I would never have guessed that for myself . Black Water is an immensely excellent film .
 the cover looks trashy and very B movie like , plus i am not a big fan of horror movies that contain crocodiles , apes , snakes etc. the more i was happily surprised about black water . u can never really tell its low budget and it kept me on the edge of my sofa almost the entire time . u get sucked into the atmosphere ... especially knowing this is based on true events makes it even more chilling .
 The first time I saw this movie on Demand , I was expecting it to be your average man-eating animal movie . Instead , I got one of the best and perhaps the most realistic movie of this type . The movie is about a group of friends who take a fishing trip out into the mangrove swamp of Northern Australia . Soon , however , they get more than they barganined for when an enormous croc flips their boat , kills their tour guide , and traps them up in a tree . What really seperates this movie from so many others is the story is convincing . As someone who has read extensively about crocidiles , I can tell you that everything the croc does in this movie can be done by crocs in the wild . Now perhaps not all at once as the movie depicts , but just about every specific action can be done . Another thing is the acting . The acting in this movie is by far the best acting I have seen in any movie -LRB- much less a horror one -RRB- in a long , long time . You can literally feel the terror of the characters . In addition , the croc is the most realistic looking movie monster in a long time , as it should since they used real crocs for many of the scenes . I ca n't praise this movie enough . Buy it , watch it . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 `` Black Water '' follows an almost identical set-up to the higher-profileRogue , with several people setting off boating along the rivers of Australia , only to have a pleasant , hot and sunny day take a turn for the worse when a large , aggressive crocodile shows up with hunger on its mind . Rogue is slightly better on a technical level , and is a reccommended watch , but overall I thought Black Water was the better movie.The plot is basic but the crocodile is a formidable prescence -LRB- bolstered by impressive special effects -RRB- and the interactions -LRB- and sometimes tensions -RRB- among the human characters are well done and convincing . Probably the most notable thing about Black Water is the very thing that , in mentioning it , has the potential to turn a lot of people off it
 ... Crocodile blues , wo n't you keep on snapping . Now this is a movie that keeps you on the edge of your tree . Three vacationers go fishing in an Australian mangrove swamp unaware that they 're about to become croc food . Simple enough , but what I loved about this movie is that you rooted for the people , not the water dragon . The mother-to-be , her husband , and her sister were all solid characters.Tense music and mood substitute superbly for the reptile 's appearance throughout the film , which is used sparingly . There are no crappy CGI effects , just footage of real saltwater crocodilians ingeniously spliced in . I also love the upbeat beginning , which plays a neat song called Do n't Walk Alone while happy photos of each character set things up.To be fair to the creature , however , the abuse of these scaly giants by man is explained at the outset as these people discuss croc handbags , aphrodisiacs , and other uses for the stalking snappers . So when the toothy beast turns the tables later on , its revenge is understandable AND tragic.This is not for Lake Placid laugh-out-loud cheeky monkeys ! I recommend this for those who like their horror and suspense straight , without any humor .
 Yeah , do not judge this one by its cover . Usually a cover is there to oversell the movie inside , but for some reason this one seems designed to do the opposite - it makes a clever and sometimes genuinely shocking thriller look like piece of cynical no budget rubbish . A great movie that I began watching with low expectations then became increasingly transfixed by . How rarely I get this kind of surprise.p.s . The person saying this movie copied Rogue is wrong , they were made roughly at the same time .
 Black water is the most realistic ` There 's something in the water ' film I have seen.It gives you some pretty good character development so as viewer I cared what happened to them.There must be something about Australia and killer crocodile movies because another good killer Croc movie Rogue was from Australia as well.In this film a married couple and the wife 's sister go out on a fishing trip in a rather small boat and while finishing the boat is over turned and the family get to a tree , unfortunately the guide that took them out was n't as lucky.From here on you have a great thriller as the hungry Croc terrorizes and stalks the family as they try and devise ways to make their escape.The water is so dark and murky that it makes it all the more creepy and scary because we know there is something down there but where and when it will pop up is another story.Who if any will survive , and how will they do it stuck miles and miles away from anywhere populated and a boat that is overturned in the middle of the murky croc infested water?Filmed entirely in one location for most of the film it relies on human emotion , great acting and some very realistic effects . Black water is a gem .
 This is a movie that leaves no questions as who might win , the victims or the croc , It 's mind shattering with sitting on the edge action . The imagination is fantastic sitting on a branch getting eaten alive by mozies and a croc waiting for you to join him below for lunch . No lights to show you were he is at night , hearing him eating hes last victim . it 's a marvellous movie and the croc played his part very well , The actors did a sensational job protraying their roles , Being the victims and making you feel you are there with them . A terrific movie different to all others and something worth having in your collection . A top grade movie and watch it for yourself , if in doubt .
 2007 's `` Black Water '' is an Australian crocagator flick made for only $ 700,000 , which shows you can make a quality movie on a very low budget . Not that `` Black Water '' is anything especially amazing , but it is the most realistic crocagator flick I 've ever seen -LRB- although I have n't yet seen the acclaimed `` Rogue , '' another Australian croc film from 2007 -RRB- . PLOT
 BLACK WATER is another great horror / thriller from Australia . A young married couple and the wife 's sister go for a fishing excursion , only to be tormented , attacked , and used as lunch for a huge , saltwater crocodile ! BW is suspenseful and realistic , in that the croc plays no favourites , and we do n't know who , if anyone , will survive . If you love movies like ROGUE , then BW should be a hit ! Well worth owning ...
 This film was very well done for one with a very small budget , better than most $ 50-100 million offerings . They focused quite well on the dynamics of the relationships between the three characters as they faced the stress of their situation . The director did a good job of showing that no matter how difficult the situation can be , human beings can make it worse . A worthy rental , and for those people who collect films like this , it is better than the Lake Placid sequels .
 Black Water is a surprisingly scary horror film from Australia . I never once thought of Crocodile Dundee.Made on a shoestring , avoiding hokey CGI special effects , and relying on rhythm to scare ; this movie works well . The film opens with an ominous subtitle describing how the crocodile population has grown . As with all good horror films , this one starts out with an innocent couple and the sister in law that go off on vacation . The one big mistake made , Adam the husband , chooses a fishing tour of the back waters . The good part of this mistake , there was nothing fundamentally wrong or stupid about the choice.The horror that will happen is nicely hinted at during a visit to a crocodile farm . The director did an outstanding job of pacing this film . There were good moments between action and most attacks were a surprise . There was only one moment when I laughed , not believing that a crocodile could have possibly done that . Otherwise , the film held true to death rolls and mostly the way crocodiles attack their prey . Early in the film I did find myself looking for the fast forward button , some of the action interludes were a few minutes too long.The acting was not the greatest , but there were no stupid people in this film . Everyone reacted to the situation about the way you might expect most people to act . There was a sense of realism in the film.This film is rated R for strong language . The way MPAA has swung lately , if it had n't been for the overuse of the f-bomb , this film would have been PG-13 . There is a lot of realistic gore , severed arms , a body with no head or legs , and crocodile blood splatters . There is no nudity.The DVD is packed with some very nice segments . The making of featurette is excellent , how they hired two directors to save on insurance for the film , and how the film was not shot on a set , but in a real mangrove swamp . The deleted scenes were interesting , I would have preferred to see them included in the film , and I think the movie would have been stronger.The film is about ten minutes too long , some of the non-action sequences could have been tightened up.This is a low budget , good thriller . The writers and directors avoided the whole Australia stereotype and Crocodile Dundee to their advantage . If you are up for being scared , and do n't mind a bit of gore here and there , this is a decent movie .
 YOU WILL BE ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT THE ENTIRE MOVIE . NO FAKE OR RUBBER CROCODILES IN THIS MOVIE . THEY USED REAL LIVE CROCS . I HAD RECENTLY WATCHED THE MOVIES CROC AND ALLIGATOR . SO I WAS EXPECTING MORE STUPID ACTING AND MORE FAKE , RUBBER , ARTIFICIAL LOOKING CROCS AND GATORS . THIS WAS A SPLENDID SURPRISE . MY WIFE HAD A NIGHTMARE BECAUSE OF THE MOVIE . I JUMPED IN MY CHAIR A FEW TIMES . I LOVE THIS MOVIE . PLEASE MAKE MORE MOVIES THIS REALISTIC . IT IS ALMOST AS GOOD AS JAWS .
 Fortnight -LRB- period of two weeks ... so European ! -RRB- is an independent movie filmed entirely in Des Moines , Iowa early in 2010 on very tiny budget - $ 3,500 . After watching this delightful movie , I got the distinct impression everyone had so much fun making it ! Definitely a labor of love , not of money.The story revolves around a `` sophisticated '' young couple who invite a `` sophisticated '' world traveling couple to stay at their home for a Fortnight . Upon arriving , the world-weary travelers are delighted . Their hosts are not . They spend the rest of the time trying to influence the eccentric couple to move along , well before the fortnight is up . Hilarity ensues ... The film quality , music , and writing are top notch . The humor is abundant and clever . But what sets this movie apart is that it has heart . A big heart . Throughout the hilarity , there are tender and poignant moments . Some even thought-provoking . When the cast & crew are passionate about making a movie with quality material , you get some magic . I think they found it here and I 'm glad I got to experience it . And now I 'm sharing it with you.The Iowa film industry is alive and well , and if this movie is any indication , I would say it is thriving . Bravo to all those associated with this production , you should be very proud.I am pleased to be able to update this review with the news that Fortnight won `` Best Picture '' or Entertainment - Long Form at the Iowa Motion Picture Association Awards on April 23rd , 2011 . For her role as Mallory , Susan Marcum picked up the top prize for Best Supporting Actress , in her film debut ! Congratulations to you all !
 ` Triggermen ' appears to be an independent production that may loosely be described as a seriously comedic thriller . As my review title suggests , it starts out as a classic mob hit contract story where an up and coming South Chicago mob boss wants to rub out his former superior who is ` retiring from the business ' , and is leaving behind successors of which the South Chicago boss is unhappy . These are certainly ingredients for a typical Martin Scorsese / Robert DeNiro wiseguys plot , but it encounters some serious twists by the time it gets to the second reel.The fact , which enables the big twist , is that the pair of hitmen were contracted for an agreed price of $ 100,000 through an intermediary , who the South Side boss 's bad tempered strong arm assistant kills off after arrangements are made for delivering payment , but before the hiring boss or his thug have a chance to see or meet the contract killers . The classic mistaken identity which drives the remainder of the story starts with the appearance of two English con artists who happen upon the first installment of the contract payment , without the contractee realizing the mistake . Eager for more of the same money , the con artists follow their noses and instincts until they latch on to the full $ 100,000 . The connection to ` Pulp Fiction ' is based on the pair -LRB- multiple -RRB- of hitmen , the jumping around between four different threads of the story , based on the actions of contactee , true contract killers , con artists , and victim . The connection is made just a little sweeter by the appearance of Amanda Plummer in a role totally different from her ` Pulp Fiction ' character.Almost all the action is played out in an O'Hare airport hotel . While the movie is obviously done with economy in mind , the actors and director all seem to be on top of their form and produce an exceedingly pleasant entertainment , where the comedic tone is maintained by the fact that only three minor characters get killed with a minimum of violence . The action on the screen would not sustain a Tarantino action scene for more than about 30 seconds.While I am not about to say that this movie is on the same level of quality as ` Pulp Fiction ' or ` Mean Streets ' or any other classic thriller , it is a really pleasant entertainment . The only thing which puzzles me about the movie is the fact that there are ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- producers and executive producers credited for the movie . I guess the large management and financial support staff were needed to pull together the money to do the production and keep down costs.All in all , it 's the kind of movie you are happy to run across , where no expectations are rewarded with an entertaining 90 minutes .
 TRIGGERMEN is in many ways a spoof of the ever-popular big mob crime dramas . It succeeds as entertainment because of a very smart script with heart , because of breakneck direction by John Bradshaw , and because of the unusually talented cast of actors . Two triggermen -LRB- Donnie Wahlberg and Michael Rappaport -RRB- have been hired by a wannabe crime boss in Chicago -LRB- Louis di Bianco -RRB- to ` off ' the current big man -LRB- Pete Postlethwaite -RRB- at Chicago 's O'Hare airport hotel . By chance , staying at the hotel are two ` limeys ' -LRB- Neil Morrissey and Adrian Dunbar -RRB- who are small time con artists waiting to make it big . Also by chance these two bumbling lads get involved in the plot to murder Postlethwaite and it is only when the original triggermen discover the mix-up that the action speeds to a funny , quasi-lethal end . Simple tale , but in the telling of it we grow to really know the characters with all of their quirks and ideals that seem odd in men committed to crime . Their is love interest provided by the always fine Claire Forlani and yes , even by the quirky but talented Amanda Plummer . In all a brisk , taut , warm-hearted action flick well worth your time to enjoy .
 -LRB- Warning
 this movie is not bad . I liked it . It was funny and entertaining . I would say it is worth watching again .
 This is a great movie . It is so funny , I mean really funny ! There are so many great actors . Donnie does such a great job !!!! Him and his funny partner in crime . Then those two English guys . Forget it , I was rolling ! I have watched it over and over . I am buying one for my friend . Take a chance and buy it ! It is definitly a bargain at this price .
 The CSI
 This is a great show , and was offered for a really great price . If you can find it for under $ 65 I highly recommend buying the first 3 season box set .
 This is my favorite CSI-NY episode of all time . This episode 's main dead-girl is awesome , and I 'm not just saying that because she 's my daughter . : -RRB-
 A window revealing the very big world of New York City and the very worst of society being exposed and brought to justice by competent and thorough crime scene investigators . Riveting !
 It 's a good episode , but it shows SG 's as vapid girls with unnecessarily difficult personalities .
 I purchased this DVD last year and it has turned out to be money well spent . Although I am very familiar with Tai Chi in Kuang Ping Yang Style , I was a beginner in Cane . This turned out to be a great routine . It was fairly easy to learn , but at the same time , I find that each work out , the form still requires practice , concentration and is physically refreshing . I can do the full routine in about twenty minutes if I am in a hurry , and take much longer when I have time . Good for breathing correctly , full motion , and some self defense . A great place to begin and also to develop one 's Cane routine . The second Routine is very good , but this should be the first for a good foundation .
 The rental fee for this is very reasonable , buying part one and two for $ 24 is a little expensive , so I am very happy to rent it for 7 days at an affordable fee ! I am senior citizen and do not feel like doing yoga early in the morning , but Tai Chi really gets me moving . The lessons explaining the portions of the routine are easy to follow and helpful in learning the full routine . I missed many of the fine points without the lessons explaining the moves slowly.A physical therapist prescribed cane exercises for me years ago , but the Tai Chi routine is much more interesting .
 DO N'T READ THE OTHER REVIEWS THAT KNOCK THIS MOVIE ! This movie was excellent ! People expect it to JUST BE A FUNNY MOVIE because of the staring actors who play in it . It 's funny at times , but that is not what this movie is about at all . It 's good , it 's real , it 's what happens to way too many people . Just do n't expect to sit down and watch a comedy , because it 's not .
 I think with a combination of eddie muphey and martin lawrence you have a hit their alone , There is no need to write a script for these two as i think they could make anybody laugh for hours by them selves . but the writers have done a great job writing a class film to go with two class actors . this is a film i would recoment to all my friends .
 When I first saw the trailer for this film , I was very sceptical . I simply did n't beleive it would be funny . -LRB- even though I adour every other Eddie movie -RRB- But I made myself go and see it and I loved it . It never dwelled on the fact that they were in their for life , It was constantly funny , especially the out-takes at the end , they were hillarious .
 i could n't stop laughing through the whole thing . `` Atleast he ai n't get my cornbread claude . ''
 This is one hysterical movie/DVD . I have just seen the DVD -LRB- released early in Australia -RRB- and it has many features , outtakes , and deleted scenes . Keeps you laughing for hours on end . Though , well written , a few comments are typical -LRB- and are expected -RRB- of Eddie .
 before i go on to review this movie ... i would like to say ... -LRB- PAH-LEAZE -RRB- TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN ... THIS IS A MOVIE REVIEW PAGE , NOT A TELL ALL HOW YOU RECIVED YOUR PURCHASE OR YOU DID N'T RECIVED YOUR PURCHASE PAGE ! NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR DID IT GET TO YOU GOOD OR NOT , THEY WANT TO HEAR DID YOU LIKE THE MOVIE OR NOT ! THANK YOU ! now i really liked this movie except for martin lawrence annoying role like he did on badboys 2 ! i guest hollywood likes to cast him as the pesterin side kick ! but in other words , it was a decent movie !
 I love the move `` Life '' because I am big on comedy films . In `` Life '' , Ray Gibson -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- and Claude Banks -LRB- Martin Lawrence -RRB- are wrongfully accused of a murder and are thrown on the farm for a lifetime sentence . This film has non-stop laughs that will keep this movie in your mind for days . If you are offended by profanity then this is definitely not the film for you . But if you are like me , you just feel that cuss words add to the humor of the movie .
 if you do n't like comedians than do n't buy `` Life '' ... Eddie Murphy , Bernie Mac , Martin , plus the other good actors that make this movie , nuff said -LRB- and yes I know that nuff is n't a word but you get my drift -RRB- ... here 's a line from the movie that those who have seen the movie will never forget , `` and this goes for all you mfers , you mess with Ray Gibson there 's goin be repercussions and consequences ''
 Very pleased with the product and quick arrival time ! I am looking forward to be able to watch this movie whenever I want ! Thanks !!
 I bought this as a gift 4 my boyfriend , its his favorite movie & he absolutely loved it ! I was kind of skeptical of ordering things online but i was at my last hope to get this dvd since i could n't find it anywhere . It arrived right on time , perfectly brand new unopened , and the quality of the dvd was amazzzing . Ordering this online opened up new doors for me , i will not hesitate to buy something online now , because you have made it such a great experience . Thank you movie mars !!!!
 Great Movie ! Quality of DVD very good . Enjoyed it so much I bought an extra copy as a gift . Great price too !
 Eddie Murphy is probably one of the most underrated actors on American cinema . Even his Oscar nomination for his dramatic role in the award winning film Dreamgirls did n't seem to dispel this myth . However , over the years he has proven himself to be a consummate actor of the highest quality and is again displayed in this little 1999 gem that most of the world ignored at the time it was released . LIFE is a landmark film for Murphy as we watch his character grow and develop through an entire lifetime of mishaps , stumbles , failures , successes , goodness , happiness and deep despair . One of the best films in his long list of endeavors , LIFE is a must see movie for those who appreciate quality of workmanship in cinema . The supporting cast of Martin Lawrence -LRB- who delivers a stellar performance -RRB- , Bernie Mac , Obba Babatund&eacute; , Ned Beatty , and so many more talented character actors , makes LIFE one of the premiere movies in my collection .
 I bought this for my fiancee who had been looking for it everywhere . Makes us laugh every single time we watch it . Never gets old .
 It was shipped promptly . It was just what I ordered . I was pleasantly suprised with how quick it shipped and the price was very reasonable .
 i received this movie quickly and it was relatively cheap ! :-RRB- i would suggest to buy new movies online versus in store anyday !
 Very funny movie . I think Martin is funnier when he is thin . Eddie Murphy is hilarious in this though . All in all , this movie has great characters and a great story . When I first seen it I was actually in tears laughing at certain parts . Life is a must have movie . Well worth the purchase .
 For those of you have seen the movie , I 'm sure you 've laughed out loud when that statement in the title of my review was made and for those who are about to see it ... I 'm sure you 're going to laugh your heads off!I have to agree with the review by Daniel Jolley in that it is a movie with a very strong message but with some seriously funny scenes throughout the entire movie right to the end!The movie revolves around the racial discrimination in the US 's past and the principle of justice and how sometimes justice can take its own time getting there , but it does get there.This movie is one of Eddie Murphy 's greatest works ever and I also found that Marin Lawrence , for change , was not playing an idiotic comedic role where he is just there to get laughs ! There is also a multitude of great actors supporting the lead two actors , for me one of the funniest has got to be Bernie Mac ! Especially the scene where Bernie Mac tries to warm up to Martin Lawrence for all the wrong reasons and then Martin 's reaction once he realizes !! Jingaling !! A great comedy with deep meanings worth the watch ... some profanity -LRB- not glaringly shocking -RRB- definitely worth the watch .
 murphy and lawrence , doing time for a crime they did not commit , getting along with one another , murphy hoping that one day he could own his own night club -LRB- the boom boom room -RRB- and being very high spirited and lawrence doing everything for his self realizing he needs murphy and disagree 's with every plan for an exscape , but after all those years together they become the best of friends and they finally make it out
 Whats wrong with the movie ? Even though it was n't completely as funny as it was advertised does n't mean it is n't a good movie . I thought it was great and the ending was funny and clever . I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Eddie Murphy or Martin Lawrence .
 This film was perhaps the last film that Eddie Murphy was geniunely funny in and Martin Lawrance was a geniunely effective actor . Both comedians truly shined in this film and were funny as hell ! I recall the scene where Murphy and Martain 's character staged a fight and Murphy spelled out SOFT and his taughts against Claude . Funny film and great acting !
 I watched Life last night on DVD and found it entertaining and hilarious . This light hearted comedy takes Murphy and Lawrence from 1930s Harlem to the Mississippi prison system . Through the decades , their antics , hard luck and views on life kept me laughing from start to finish . I would rank this as one the best comedies of 1999 .
 exactly what i ordered . came quickly . i have n't opened it yet to play it because it is a gift . definitely cost effective .
 Careful , lots of tears will be shed by the end of this movie . Instant classic . Must watch this movie now !
 it was what we were looking for very very happy with my purchase it was also very easy to find on this website
 Its a classic , you have to see it if you have not . The acting is great and the comedy is endless !
 Although this film was released less than 15 years ago , it can already be considered a true classic.Putting several comedians together in a film does not always guarantee a hit , but the comedic chemistry betweenEddie Murphy , Martin Lawrence , the late Bernie Mac , and several others , was a recipe for an on-screen masterpiece . Like many Eddie Murphy movies , I 've watched Life with family and friends over and over and we get a kick out of it every time.A hilarious movie with a heartfelt message.Our respect and appreciation to the film 's cast and crew .
 I need more movies like life for me spare time . Whenever i need a good laugh i think about Murphy warning about repurcussions
 Very under rated because of the truth behind the all the comedy . You will laugh from start to end and enjoy a movie I will forever hold in my top 10 .
 was having trouble finding this movie in stores for my boyfriend . he was so happy to recieve this at christmas
 Excellent movie , very good sound and quality . It 's very funny and well acted by Lawrence and Murphy ! Life is one of the best movies I have watched . Recommended !
 This is the best movie of all times . Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawerence were so funny . But we must not forget Bernie Mack rest in peace !!! Loved it !!!!!!!!!!
 No , it 's not an epic motion picture , but it 's one of Eddie Murphy 's and Martin Lawrence 's best comedy together ! If you love stories with timelines and character backstories plus lots of laughs , you 'll love this movie!I hope you 'll enjoy this movie , I can honestly say I did !
 This is one of the all time funnist movies ever . A real classic comedy . I love when they read the letters from home . By the time the get all the bad news no body wants him to read any of their letters again . Its funny . They remained friends to the end .
 Great movie I gave it for a gift to a family member they like very much . They like Ede hes a funny man .
 I doubt there are many people out there who have not seen or at least heard of this movie , so I am not going to bore you with the details . What I am going to do is point out that two of the biggest names in black comedy are in this movie together and they are constantly stealing the spotlight from each other . The one up-man ship alone made this movie funny .
 This movie was sooo funny . Those negative reviewers must be some boring people if they do n't find this movie funny . I 'm not going to write what the movie was about because the positive reviewers pretty much summed it up.But , I will say that my favorite scene was the scene when the look on the white girl 's father 's face when he saw his grandson and he went to the prison to figure out who was the father of his grandbaby and what the older man said and they all roared with laughter . It cracks me up even thinking about it.Let me be fair , there was one thing I hated about this movie and that was the overuse of the n-word . It was sad to see all the people who had died in the movie , but of course like the movie title said that 's LIFE.I would love to have people see this movie on TV , but there will have to be some intense editing and dubbing to block out all the bad language including the n-word . But , that does not stop me from giving it five stars . It 's a laugh out loud movie .
 Ted Demme has done a brilliant job of depicting the power of hope and persistence under terrible circumstances . And he has done it by using one of the most powerful defense mechanisms human beings possess , HUMOR . In a way `` Life '' may be viewed as a methaphor for the struggles of everyday people and particularly African-Americans who in the face of historic injustice and oppression have managed to survive and flourish .
 At this writing , the previous reviews have given you the basic premise of this Comedy/Drama . Circumstances bring two total strangers together . They wind up going to jail serving life sentences . They go throught event which cause them to hate each other but eventually they realize they are friends for LIFE.Thinking of only Eddie and Martin , I initially planned to give this movie only 3 stars . However , I quickly recalled the supporting cast !! H I L A R I O U S !! You had Miguel A. N&uacute; & ntilde ; ez Jr. and Bernie Mac 's characters messing w/Martin all the time . Oh my , did I laugh . And of course , in most of Eddie 's movies , the costume and make-up transformation is always top notch !
 This is a wonderful movie . Eddie Murphy is totally hilarious in this movie . Its basically about two guys -LRB- Eddie and Martin -RRB- who have to serve a life sentence in jail for a crime in which they were framed . Its about them forming a bond of friendship , but as you will see this takes years . Great effects on ageing Martin and Eddie in different stages of their lives . The only bad thing about this film was that it tended to drag at certian points . This type of movie reminds me of Oh Brother Where Art Thou with its southern humor and setting in the past . I highly recommend both of these movies .
 Praises for Eddie . Hats off to Martin . I was worried about the decline of humor in Eddie Murphy films . As well as dismayed at the thought of an hour and a half of Martin Lawrence slap stick . However , LIFE , was truly a funny film . the direction and acting were very well done , complimenting a very funny script . The duo brought to Life a story of `` friendship '' . Proving that no matter how things begin , they are what you make them . A must see . Take the time , take a friend , and be open to laugh .
 Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence team up for a prison comedy underlined by serious social commentary - wasted lives . Ray Murphy , a pick-pocket and con man , and Claude Lawrence -RRB- , a straight-living bank teller , are complete opposites who cross paths in a 1932 Harlem nightclub . In order to pay off their debts to a local crime lord , the mismatched pair travel into the Deep South on a moonshine delivery only to be framed for murder by a racist Southern cop . Sentenced to life in a Mississippi state prison , the bickering duo spend the next 65 years trading barbs and planning their escape , while forming an unlikely but touching friendship . They finally escape substituting dead bodies for their own in a arson-fire - and end the movie together watching a Yankees game together . There are a few good laughs , but it 's not what one would expect from the two comedians - it 's more a friendship movie that develops over time .
 This movie was for my husband and I did n't think I would like it . However , there were several parts where I had to pause the movie because I was missing the next scenes due to laughing so hard !
 Okay , so most people were expecting another `` Beverly Hill 's Cop '' or another `` Bad Boys '' LIFE was n't the all time funniest movie ... but it certainly was n't the all time worst movie , either . I must say , I really enjoyed it!I think that Eddie and Martin make an excellent team ... and I like how the movie takes place in the 1930 's . Anyways , you wo n't find this movie hilarious , but you still may get a kick out of it .
 I love it when Martin Lawerence is n't acting so over the top . If you have nothing to do on the weekend this makes a great rental .
 This is the movie that has , once again , proven to me that these two gentlemen are wonderful actors . Do n't be fooled , this is not merely a comedy movie , it is a heart-warming look at a life long friendship through hardship and pain .
 He is very wrong , runnig whiskey is wrong too . But they are doing 65 to life , for something they did n't do . They where framed .
 They did a wonderful job getting my product here on time , matter-of-fact it was early and the it was brand new . Thank you for the great work .
 Bought this for my bf , he loved it . Great condition . Case had no marks and disc was scratch free . A good buy , for sure .
 Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawerence deliver this movie to a tea , Any time I get sad or just upset and my day isnt going good I put this movie in , I made me laugh and make a little smile on my face . It was a good movie the cast was great as well .
 This was a good movie , it just made me so mad at the injustice inflicted upon them . Still worth watching .
 I thought the company did a great job in getting this to me on time . I enjoyed Life but this was actually a gift .
 Martin and Eddie are solid actors in this film , and the title is very apt given the content . Two black guys are sent to jail simply for being in the wrong place at the wrong time , and being black , the justice system is especially down on them.The movie chronicles their six decades of jail life -LRB- a big part focuses on their first year in jail , but various scenes later show the progression -RRB- It 's interesting to see all the things that happen through the years and how people age and how the pair -LRB- almost -RRB- get several chances to get out of jail only bad luck keeps riding them . It 's also fun to watch the jail change through the years from rundown shacks in the 30 's to the fairly comfortable nursing home/ward for aged inmates in the 90 's . I ca n't complain about this movie - all the actors , prisons and guards/wardens/etc alike do a really nice job in their roles . Two thumbs up !
 I received my copy of Life in a very timely manner , the product was in very good shape . I owned a copy of life in a vhs fomat , dvd is better I will buy again in the future .
 This is a very funny DVD . I love purchasing items from Amazon . They are always in great condition .
 IT SHOWS WHAT USUALLY HAPPENS WHEN A MAN IS IN PRISON FOR A LONG PERIOD OF TIME . IT IS TRUTHFUL ABOUT ALOT .
 This is a great movie but it is adverstised as comedy and it has more drama than comedy . Two of my favorite comedians , Martin Laurence and Eddy Murphy are excellent , but the movie is not as funny and it looks on the cover .
 This was A gift . It was a good surprise . Keep up the good work I received this movie really quickly .
 Very happy with the service and condition of item . Ready to enjoy the movie and have a blast laughing my butt off .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my fiance and he was just so please to get it . He has watched it so many times since then . This is one of his favorite movies and the blue ray disc offers extra features .
 this is my fav movie of all time and i lost my original dvd so ordered a new one online . if you ever want a great laugh this is it !!!!
 One of my all time favorites . I 've watched this movie over and over again and it never gets old . I recommend to anyone in need of a good laugh .
 I 've watched this movie a number of times and it always makes me laugh so hard I cry . Well worth the it .
 I am a fan of Bernie Mack , older Eddie Murphy , Martin L and this movie does n't disappoint , the Blu-ray copy was very good and I enjoyed it -LRB- again -RRB- on this format .
 I love love love it . This movie came so quick . I was watching it almost everyday until someone stole it from me . Must order another copy . It was hilarious and unscratched . I loved it and I highly recommend this seller for future orders .
 Good movie and sound and video quality excellent . Additionally , the price is more than competetive with the cable and satelite providers .
 Life is very sad , how two men are put into prison for life for nothing they done , but its not a movie that you cry over because its very funny . Murphy played a very good Ray Gibson , because he actually became Ray Gibson . Lawerance , he was alright , but to me he still acts like his character Martin Payne , at his show Martin , execpt more serious . So five stars for Murphy , Lawerance 4.5 stars .
 Great Movie , I did n't give it a 5 stars because it reminded me the injustice of the South at the time . Overall a fun movie to watch not the best .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE IT MAKES ME LAUGH SO HARD , ON A BAD DAY AT WORK COME HOME AND WATCH THE MOVIE LIFE AND SEE IF IT WO N'T CHEER YOU UP .
 This is a must have DVD in your movie collection . Those who do n't like this movie do n't get the `` black '' or `` urban '' experience at all !! Trust me if you do you will agree this is one of the greatest comedies EVER !!! Why ? because it is real . . it hits home on some very disturbing points about race and injustice . . with ... and without humor !! Is n't that the story of black America . Over coming through non violent means . Which include laughter , sports , music clubs , dreams and life long bonds !! This film touches on all that . Buy it ... and get one of the black communities -LRB- and whites who understand urban culture -RRB- greatest films of all time ... period !!
 This movie is a true favorite of a lot of troops and SAILORS here serving in Operation Enduring Freedom . We enjoy watching the `` you gon na eat yo cornbread '' sceene .
 I saw this at the movies and ca n't wait to get it on DVD . It is a dramatic movie mixed with comedy which makes it well-rounded . Perfect characters portrayed by Eddie , Martin , Bernie Mac & the other guy -LRB- ca n't remember his name , I think Sparks -RRB- . Plus everyone else . If you did n't like it b/c you were expecting 2hrs of nonstop humor then you missed out totally on what the movie was about .
 This movie is in the top 3 of my chart with Martin Lawrence . He is my favorite actor and putting him with Eddie Murphy is just genius . I really enjoyed this movie and if I had the time i would watch it everyday !
 There are not many movies who manages to be funny and is trying to tell a dramatic story . But `` Life '' is both of it . And the humor does n't take anything away of the drama and the drama does n't make it less funny.I think there is just enough drama and humour to make this movie very entertaining . There is also very good music in the movie which is a perfect mix of music of around 1940 and R&B of this time -LRB- which I really liked -RRB- . I also want to say that this movie is not as funny as the distributors are saying , because this is a story about two men who have to be in jail for the rest of their life 's while they are innocent . And you ca n't tell a story like that while being hilarious all the time.The movie also shows pretty realistic how it was back then for a black man to be in jail -LRB- though , some things are a little bit unbelieveble -RRB- . The movie also has an original -LRB- and VERY surprising -RRB- ending which I wo n't tell , because you have to see it for yourself.And after the movie thee are of course -LRB- almost standard with Imagine comedys -RRB- bloopers , which are really funny !
 thiz movie was funny ! the cast was whoa it was good . if anyone did not like the movie they must not have a sense of humor . whooooooooooooooooowe thiz movie was funny i happen to be a friend of martin lawerence and he let me in to a privet screening ! peace and buttermilk !
 This was an excellent film . The story was well-written and the dialogue was well thought out . The character development , too , of even the most minor of players , was excellent and amazing . Even though the premise of the story is perhaps a depressing one , this movie was handled with just enough comedy and had a happy ending to make up for the scary thought that anyone at any time could be wrongly convicted of a crime . Kudos to Murphy and Lawrence for great chemistry and wonderful acting , and to Baker for great , subtle makeup ; this film is truly a unique classic , and one that will be my favorite until something else is able to top it .
 I found this to be a surprisingly rich movie , not one where you have a yuk a minute but a more human and complex experience . Murphy the consummate scalawag and Lawrence the wrong-place-at-the-wrong-time neophyte get framed for murder in 1930s Mississippi . Throughout the film , they tug against prison life , tug against each other , and find ways to endure their raw deal while hoping to find a way out . Good cast , good story development that keeps you off-balance , very good special effects on aging through 40-plus years , and very good straight performances from Murphy and especially Lawrence . You do n't forget this movie a few hours after you see it .
 This film was an excellent surprise , mixed with varying emotions and a clever plot . The hilarious banter between Murphy 's and Lawrence 's characters alone made the movie worth seeing . Particularly funny was the dialogue between the two in their older years . Regardless of the reviews , if you like these two actors , see it and decide for yourself .
 this movie is da bomb ya 'll i do n't know whats wrong with you all . if you have not seen this movie you need to check if out cause it is funny as hell .
 This film stars both Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence . Even though they are both well known for comedies , this movie is not really a comedy . There are some funny moments , but it 's got a very realistic feel to it . Both Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence should feel rather proud of this film . I believe Eddie Murphy is quite a good and believable actor . I 've enjoyed just about every movie Eddie Murphy did . However , this is probably the best movie Martin Lawrence was ever a part of . His movies are usually all pretty stupid . He is NOT funny but , as a serious actor , he did quite well.I enjoyed this more the second time I saw it .
 I may be biased cause I love Martin and Eddie , but this movie has me in stitches every time !!!
 This movie is worth seening for the one 's that have not seen it . The other reviewer that rated this movie under a 4 star need to see it again and get the plot of the movie . If you ca n't get it let me tell you . The is the way that Afican-American got treated in that time and still is being treated that way . Serving time for something they did n't comment . If you do n't get the plot now that just tells the other reviewer about yourself .
 GREATest Comedy MOVIe of all time ive had 2 copies before this one , but my friend never returns it .
 EXCELLENT MOVIE THAT I HAD ON VHS . SINCE VHS IS NO LONGER THEN I HAD LOST A GOOD MOVIE UNTIL I LOCATED IT ON AMAZON .
 I had a stillborn son on November 6th and for some reason this movie made me so happy . I watched it everyday like 5 times a day . It brought me an odd kind of peace .
 this product came in on time if not earlier . item was descibed exactly as it was in the description . thanks .
 A must have if you are into comedy . Eddie Murphy , Bernie Mac , and Martin are in rare form and this movie will have you in tears with laughter . I just love this movie can wtch it over and over again .
 All i can say is any time you put Martin Lawrence , Eddy Murphy , and Bernie Mack together this was off the chain funny , good story line . Many other favorites of mines appeared in this . Another Keeper
 I was pleased with the purchase of Life and would gladly use this site again and again and again and again .
 Family and truly love this movie . Often when we get together and someone mentions Life we all start reciting lines , even my five year old grand knows the words/lines .
 Very interesting and engaging characters performed by two of the best comics of the last 25 years . Both guys timing is perfect and they are alike and different enough to mesh cooly .
 I really enjoyed this film , Eddie and Martin did a fantastic job and the supporting cast was excellent . you will not be disappointed !
 Yes , this movie has plenty of funny moments , but there is a very real and sometimes rather touching story that takes precedence over everything that happens . You ca n't get through the most serious of situations without the palliative of laughter now and again , and Life actually does tell a serious story . Eddie Murphy proves once again that he is a great actor , and Martin Lawrence was surprisingly good as the more serious of two men sentenced to life in prison for a murder they did n't commit . One night in 1932 , fate brought Rayford Gibson -LRB- Murphy -RRB- , a smooth-talking hustler with big dreams , and Claude Banks -LRB- Lawrence -RRB- a respectable fellow about to start a good job , together in a New York nightclub . For entirely different reasons , both guys have to face the displeasure of the club owner 's wrath ; and so it is that Gibson and Banks end up going on a bootlegging run to Mississippi . One dead man later , and both men are sentenced to life in prison for murder . Since Banks blames Gibson for getting him into all this mess , there relationship varies in quality as the years go by , but gradually a real friendship develops between them . They try to escape several times but end up spending basically their whole lives in prison . Along the way , we meet with several sub-plots involving some of their fellow inmates , but the movie never strays far from the lives of Gibson and Banks . The passage of time is marked by clips of historical events , and some excellent makeup works makes both men look old and worn out as they advance into their senior years.This is not a prison story of hopelessness , however . While no pardon ever comes their way , justice has a way of willing out eventually , and the final ten minutes of the film are just terrific . Since the story does take place in Mississippi in 1932 and beyond , race plays a major part in the film , but it does not define the movie by any means . There are a number of funny scenes , especially those involving pie and cornbread , and Eddie Murphy will definitely make you laugh - Martin Lawrence sort of plays the heavy here to Murphy 's periodic antics . Some familiar faces pop up in the movie
 I 've seen `` Life '' twice thus far , and I must concede that it has to be one of the best films to ever cast Eddie Murphy . He and Martin Lawrence are just as emotionally poignant as they are downright hysterical in this memorable comedy/drama of two Prohibition-era guys from Harlem NYC who inadvertently become framed for murder in the Deep South while on a bootlegging run for the local crime boss they each owe debts to back home . They are soon enough sentenced to life imprisonment in a Mississippi chain gang where they share a `` Felix and Oscar '' - esque relationship that spans 65 years through thick and thin times -LRB- including numerous escape attempts -RRB- . However in the end , they literally become friends for life as they come to terms with their imprisonment . The make-up done by 6-time Oscar winner Rick Baker to transform Murphy & Lawrence from young to old over the course of so many years is the true showstopper of `` Life '' . I would n't be the least surprised if Mr. Baker garners Oscar # 7 come 2000 ; he and Murphy have been quite a dynamic duo since `` Coming to America '' . A definite must-see !
 I did enjoy this movie , even as I enjoyed Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy 's more popular and critically acclaimed work . They are a pair of convicts , one of whom caught up after being `` along for the ride '' , but jailed nonetheless for life in the South some fifty years ago . They do persevere after , through and despite any number of bad -LRB- some unbelievable -RRB- circumstances . Life in prison makes them close.It is very different from my other favorite prison movie , Cool Hand Luke . Like C.H.L. , the brutality of prison life is left mercifully for other films . There is one scene common to both , though , with the prisoners resolving their issue boxing in the prison yard with typical results.As they age , their mutual disappointment makes their friendship ebb and flow from like to dislike and back -LRB- of course -RRB- . Conservative Lawrence -LRB- yeah , him -RRB- not only blames the typically hustling Murphy for getting him into the situation in the first place . Murphy wants more assertiveness from his sidekick , vowing not to die having given up hope like his Father . As we know they must though , they find some hope , some enjoyment , and even some meaning in their circumstance.Another reviewer hit the nail on the head
 If you 're expecting a staight-up comedy movie , then you probably will be disappointed . This movie mixes drama and comedy in the most perfect way . Anyone that says this movie is not good , obviously missed the whole point of the movie . The movie takes place during the 1930 's ... the set and costumes were great . I feel that the chemistry between Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence was superb . Kudos to Rick James as his roll of ` Spanky ' ... he played the role well .
 This movie is perhaps Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence 's Sistine Chapel . That is a bold statement but this movie is so funny and such a good , well made movie . There are endless funny moments in this movie . I might be being biased because I love timeline movies a lot -LRB- ex . FORREST GUMP -RRB- . This movie will also make you cry from sadness and laughter . I laughed out loud many times and -LRB- ALMOST -RRB- cried from emotion.The movie has an all-star cast as well which can sometimes be disastrous -LRB- ex.NOTHING BUT TROUBLE -RRB- . It hits every angle possible and could not have been done any better for what it was . And that is one great , funny movie that is one of my all-time favorites .
 Definitely a wonderful movie , Life , brings to the screen the story of two New Yorkers , during Prohibition and the Great Depression , as they make their way to a small rural town in Mississippi , in order to stock up on some moonshine , which in turn is to be delivered to a NYC speakeasy.The setting is the early 30 's , specifically 1932 , and it is a film about human relations , hope and second chances , but most importantly about how trust , friendship , endurance , and inner strength , can lead out of situations , which might seem bleak or desperate at first glance.On the negative side , the only setback was the scene with the baby . They could have found another way to show the strong sense of solidarity that had developed.Needless to say , Eddie Murphy , Martin Lawrence and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least!The film combines drama and humor , making it one of the best of its kind , and one that can be watched over and over again.Life is sure to provide for an evening 's entertainment .
 This movie is one of the best films I 've ever seen . It has its funny , even hilarious moments - but it 's not a comedy , by a longshot . It 's one of the best , most heartwrenching dramas , and was all the more pleasant for being completely unexpected.The plot concerns two men , who were framed for a crime they did n't commit , and their lives in jail after they are sent to prison for life . It does a wonderful job of subtly showing the racial tensions and interplays in the time period and also showing the changes that come about later on in the time and how it affects their lives in the prison.Get this movie . You wo n't be disappointed .
 In the mid-1990s , two inmates bury the burned bodies of two lifers at Mississippi 's infamous Parchman Farm ; a third old-timer relates their story . They 'd served 65 years for a murder they did n't commit , framed by a local sheriff while buying moonshine whiskey for a Manhattan club owner to whom they owed money . In flashbacks we see this odd couple thrown together -LRB- Ray is a fast-talking con man , and Claude is a serious man about to start work as a bank teller -RRB- , the loss of Ray 's watch -LRB- sterling silver , from his daddy -RRB- , the murder and trial , the hardships of Parchman , and the love-hate relationship of Claude and Ray as they spend 65 years bickering and looking for a way to escape . I found this movie funny and inventive . Eddie Murphy and his worthy partner , Martin Lawrence successfully produce a comedy worth watching . `` Life '' , you wo n't regret watching it .
 I ca n't believe the poor reviews of this classic movie . Even the 4 and 5 stars are saying it was just OK . Just because Eddie was n't `` Buckwheat '' & Martin was n't `` Shanaenae '' does n't mean the movie has to be put down . This was a very good , intelligent & well done film . It shows the acting skills of Lawrence in a big way . He plays the `` straight '' man very well . It had a lot of history in it as well , if one paid attention , that is . You just ca n't please everyone . I 'm not going on too long , because one would have to have a logical brain & appreciation for good comedy/drama . Apparently , I 'm alone around here . And , for people to say the only good thing in it was Rick James ? I hope you folks are 13 and 14 years old , and heard about James through parents , or something . Otherwise , I 'm worried about you . I mean , watch the damn movie . Pay attention to the story and what is being told .
 I loved this movie . The characters are great and to see people age during incarceration was quite a journey.Lots of hidden metaphors about making bad judgements , the company one keeps and the horror of entrapment . Makes one want to live their life on the outside joyfully.A fan
 One of my all time favorite Movies to watch , especially If your a martin lawrence and Eddie Murphy Fan .
 This movie will definately go down as a classic . It never gets old . This movie is so heart felt but at the same time you can never stop laughing . Martin and Eddie give one of there best performances . Bernie Mac is also unbelievable . Black movies do not get enough credit ! This movie is one of the best black comedies period ! `` You gon eat yo cone bread '' I bust out laughing just saying it . ONELUV
 This is one of the funniest movies I have seen . Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence are a funny team .
 I ordered `` Life '' for my mom , when I told her she can get great deals on Amazon , she did n't believe me . Until we received the DVD . It came sealed and it looked brand new . Keep up the great work . We will only use Amazon FOREVER !! Thank you .
 I cant tell you how much I love this movie . This is my favorite movie.This movie is so funny . We all make fun of the things they say . Its great humor but ya feel sorry for them too cause they are innocent . I think everyone should own a copy of it.Thanks for listening .
 This movie had me in stitches ! Eddy Murphy alone is bad enough . But Eddy and Martin Lawrence together ? haha These are two great comedians ! I dont know how they got that movie completed without busting a gut !! BUY IT !
 this movie shows you how a bunch of prisoners become close friends . I was n't expecting this sort of movie when i rented it . I thought it was going to be a typical eddie murphy story but i was very wrong . poeple who hate eddie murphy can enjoy this movie . To bad he tries to be like in his other movies allthough this clearly does n't fit in the story . another bad thing is the ending . It is n't appropriate for this movie .
 I dont know why everyone else is saying that this movie is no good just because it isnt a `` straight up '' comedy . They obviously missed the whole point of the movie . This is a movie about two guys - Murphy and Lawrence - who are framed for murder and sentenced to LIFE in prison . I loved it because of the mix of drama and comedy and because of how realistic it was . Do n't get me wrong - there were some funny parts . -LRB- for example , when Martin Lawrence runs to steal the pie , and after taking the first bite , has to scream because it is too hot -RRB- Also , the special effect makeup could n't have been better .
 Funny , Funny , Funny from beginning to end . That 's all I can say .
 This movie blew me away . It immediately became one of my all-time favorites . This is some Old-School film making that keeps you glued to what 's going on in the movie . Really a special movie .
 Received MOON in the mail and finally got around to watching it . The premise of the movie was quite interesting .
 I am science fiction nut . Always was and always shall be . This was one of the great ones , right up there with The Day the Earth Stood Still . The ending was a shocker.Thanks for the quick response from the seller sending this awesome movie .
 Do n't read the spoilers for this film . If possible , do n't read anything about it . Just watch it . I liked everything about this film
 I 've heard nothing but great things about Moon from both critics and us regular movie watching folks , so I 'm happy to say that the hype did not let me down.The movie starts off slow , but then the mystery element kicks in and keeps this baby moving right along . It plays out like an extended Twilight Zone episode , but in this case , it 's like one of the great episodes . There are also a lot of similarities to 2001
 1 -RRB- I like science fiction movies that look like my video games .2 -RRB- I do n't care for movies that require me to follow the story line .3 -RRB- I hate it when I have to pay attention to the stuff in the movie that 's not cool explosions and stuff .4 -RRB- I did n't understand 2 -RRB- , but I understood 3 -RRB- . If you answered yes to any of the above statements , you 're gon na hate this movie.Otherwise , you 're in for a real treat .
 What a strange and beautiful movie . I really enjoyed this movie . This movie is not for a non-thinker . This movie will confuse and annoy some , but for others it will be a real treat . I was over-joyed by the end of this movie which is touching but not in a mainstream way . The movie played out like a symphony of gorgeous music . I would recomend this movie to anyone with a brain and a heart .
 Shot in just 33 days for a paltry $ 5 million by first time director Duncan Jones , MOON is as much of a breakthrough for this unknown director asDistrict 9was for -LRB- relatively new -RRB- Neill Blomkamp . Yes , it 's THAT good.Clocking in at only 97 minutes , the film also gives a sense of urgency to a situation that easily could have been snooze inducing . Instead , Moon will have you on the edge of your proverbial couch , cheering on its main protagonist -LRB- s -RRB- and asking tough questions about big business , genetic research , and what it means to be human.Sam Rockwell -LRB- Frost/Nixon -RRB- is in almost every frame and pulls in an Oscar caliber performance -LRB- although I doubt he 'll get nominated since this is n't a big budget flick and hit only a limited number of theaters before going to DVD -RRB- . Rockwell plays Sam Bell , a lonely man . In fact , he is the only man at a moon-base that collects Helium-3 , a valuable energy commodity that gets shot back to Earth . Sam 's only companion is a Hal-9000-ish machine called Gerty -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey , Recount -RRB- who 's sole job is to protect Sam . But not for long , because Sam 's three year contract at the lunar base is coming to a close and he 's ready to return to his beautiful wife and daughter back home . But an accident injures Sam and he awakens in the infirmary with Gerty caring for him.Memory gaps and surprisingly good physical condition -LRB- after such a bad accident -RRB- allows Sam to get back to work quickly . But he soon discovers a stranger trapped in a vehicle , and this stranger looks a lot like Sam.As the two Sam 's fight , argue and eventually gain an understanding of what they are , a terrible realization hits them both . It is a poignant , graphic and horrible moment that will have many a hair standing up on peoples ' necks when they see what has happened and what lengths a corporation is willing to go to in order to minimize expenses.The time spans are fascinating and leave much open for discussion . How long can one truly last living alone on the moon ? How much radiation exposure would you get ? And how long , genetically , was Sam designed to last ? None of the answers are readily available , but most viewers will be asking themselves these things long after the movie has finished running its final credits.Congratulations must be given to director Duncan Jones for chasing after Sam Rockwell to do this role ; he was , no doubt , the absolute perfect person to do it . Also , the miniature moon-scape scenes were phenomenal and never looked cheap or forced , as did the lunar station.The music was the perfect mix of creepiness and forlorn so that you really do n't know how to feel about Sam and his predicament at the end . Empathy is there for sure , but what good it does is anyone 's guess.Looking for a great independent film that you wo n't soon forget ? Shoot for the Moon .
 An excellent work of fiction and an excellent story . This film incorporates the feel of a major studio by using outstanding written accomplishment to obtain a quality production.The story takes all of the good things out of a series of other sci-fi films , such as 2001 , Outland and Aliens but avoids the dark and confusing linage of those that remain , such as Bladerunner and Prometheus.You wo n't have to figure anything out , but will be glad and horrified at the same time by the film 's conclusion .
 Moon starring Sam Rockwell and the voice of Kevin Spacey is a well done story that , like any good science fiction , is not really about the science and technology , but is using those elements as a springboard to explore human nature . Rockwell truly carries this movie in that he is practically the only actor in it , and I was impressed , and admittedly surprised , at how good a job he did pulling that off . I do n't want to offer any spoilers , but this movie will provide a sort of slow-motion twist . Not a twist that you get all at once in a big &#34; ah ha &#34; moment , but one that is just sort of not there one moment , there the next , and then the story continues , exploring that understated revelation almost -- but not quite -- to the point where the viewer might be like &#34; yeah , I get it , I get it ... &#34; But I definitely recommend it if you 're in the mood to sit down and watch something that requires some attention . Maybe do n't watch if you 're in the mood for non-stop action , though .
 Came quick and in one piece . Great movie . . great service ... It would be nice to get this kind of service everywhere you shop .
 How is it that I did n't see this moving until just a couple of weeks ago ?? Absolutely beautifully done . At first you think you know where this is going , the typical sci-fi one man in space against machine and then there 's this amazing twist that really brings this film to the next level . I laughed , I cried , it was way better than Cats . ; -RRB- Seriously , well worth the watch .
 It was easy to dismiss Moon as a2001
 Once in a while , and more frequently in this genre than most others it seems ; a film comes along with a very modest budget -LRB- in this case $ 5M -RRB- , a limited cast , and a whole lot of heart . In the case of Moon , director Duncan Jones continues on in the tradition of works like Danny Boyle 's Sunshine or perhaps even more appropriately , Neil Blomkamp 's District 9 . However , its inclusion in the oft-suspect category of independent science fiction entertainment is by no means synonymous with cheesy rubber masks , shoddy sets , or below par CGI ; in fact quite contraire . Moon manages to accomplish a surprising deal of well-written plot structure and melds it with consistent , appropriate and believable visuals -LRB- whether special effect shots or otherwise -RRB- . Amidst the current trend of bloated CG-overloaded `` blockbusters '' that attempt to make up for their lack of substance with flashy visuals , Moon is a refreshing diversion to say the least.The tale centers on Sam Bell , the only man living on the moon in an undisclosed future date -LRB- but based on the technology , certainly the foreseeable future -RRB- , who is nearing the conclusion of a three-year contract to work for Lunar Industries.As the lone employee stationed at their lunar facility , Sam 's primary job responsibility is to harvest and periodically ship -LRB- via rocket -RRB- to Earth supplies of helium-3 ; the clean and apparently extremely abundant fuel source used by future society.In addition to the loneliness Sam experiences in complete isolation , there apparently is no direct communication link available between the lunar station and Earth . Fortunately he does experience a good deal of daily interaction with GERTY ; an artificially intelligent computer / robot that tends to his daily needs -LRB- voiced brilliantly by Kevin Spacey -RRB- . While the viewer is treated to a heartfelt demonstration of Sam 's almost singular desire to complete his contract and return to Earth to be with his wife Tess and their infant daughter Eve , things start to get very interesting when with only two weeks to go , he gets into a rover accident at one of the mechanical harvesters and is rendered unconscious.To continue on with the plot summation would not only provide critical spoilers -LRB- something I despise personally and make a practice of avoiding in my critiques -RRB- but it would also jeopardize some of the most spectacular moments of the prose whereby the viewer , through the bewilderment of the lead character , discovers that all is not as it initially appears.What is revealed as the layers of mystery are rolled back like the skin of so many proverbial onions is actually a subliminally sad account of the cruelty of the human mind and the frailty of the human body . And while there is undeniable hope to be found in the tale 's conclusion , it comes with the bittersweet lacing of the would ifs , could ifs and what-nows that are left for the viewer to ponder once the credits roll . This fact alone is nearly a guarantee that the film will continue popping up in your thoughts for days , maybe even weeks after viewing . In fact I 'm thoroughly convinced that this is one of those rare pieces that , like a fine wine , requires a lengthy period of digestion -LRB- processing -RRB- to fully appreciate.Sam Rockwell 's performance of lead character Sam Bell is remarkable upon first impression and perhaps even more so upon examination of the unique capture process in the film 's `` making of '' documentaries.Speaking of , the single disc DVD boasts a surprisingly robust extra-feature set including two full-length commentary tracks -LRB- one with Writer/Director Duncan Jones , Director of Photography Gary Shaw , Concept Designer Gavin Rothery and Production Designer Tony Noble and the second with Writer/Director Duncan Jones again and Producer Stuart Fenegan -RRB- , `` Whistle '' a Short Film by Duncan Jones , The Making of Moon , Creating the Visual Effects , Science Center Q&A ; with Director Duncan Jones , a Filmmaker 's Q&A ; at the Sundance Film Festival , and like a whole lot of Sony trailers.About the biggest complaint I 've encountered surrounding the project would have to be gripes that the prose is n't action-packed , particularly comedic , or even that the pacing is a bit tedious . While I can not dispute all such claims , I can assure that the cleverness of the script is solid enough to command even the most restless viewer 's curiosity . Coming in at a runtime of 97-minutes , there is no fluff or unnecessary plotting to cloud the potency of the tale.In all it is very easy to recommend this piece of independent science fiction as it represents the culmination of all that is wrong with big budget filmmaking these days by contrast . The fact that Sony Classics was wise enough to recognize this reality is hopeful of things to come in and of itself . Duncan Jones deserves credit on having written and directed a wonderfully entertaining motion picture that will , hopefully be only the first of many such future developments .
 `` Moon '' stars Sam Rockwell as Sam Bell , an employee of a moon-based energy company called Lunar . Sam lives in an isolated base that controls three massive `` harvesters , '' which travel across the surface of the moon to collect rocks containing Helium-3 . His only companion is a large robot named Gerty -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- who looks like a copy machine suspended from the ceiling . Gerty also has a screen that displays emoticons to express his feelings . With his three-year contract nearly up , Sam is preparing to return to earth and the loving arms of his wife and new-born daughter , both of whom we see in video calls . However , Sam has an accident while trying to attend to one of the harvesters , and he wakes up confused in the infirmary . Gerty tells him that he was unconscious for only a short time ; however , Gerty is acting rather oddly -LRB- his emoticon 's eyes do that darting back forth thing that cartoon characters do when they lie -RRB- . Is he lying?First time director Duncan Jones -LRB- AKA Zowie Bowie - the son of David Bowie -RRB- helmed this indie sci-fi flick with a meager $ 5 million dollar budget , or roughly the amount `` Avatar '' spent on bagels for the craft services table . Nevertheless , the film 's look and effects are quite believable . Scenes on the moon were filmed with models overlayed with CGI , which gives them a fairly realistic look . Written by Jones with Nathan Parker , The plot has some predictable elements -LRB- a meddling evil company , a lying robot -RRB- . However , the story manages to hold some surprises and intelligently explores Rockwell 's predicament . To borrow a line from his father 's first hit single , Jones `` really made the grade '' with his debut.Jones wrote the movie for Sam Rockwell . I 'm not a fan of Rockwell 's work but he definitely brings something different to the role as a twitchy astronaut who -LRB- to borrow from another song -RRB- finds that `` it 's lonely out in space . '' -LSB- Actually , now that I think about it , Elton John 's `` Rocket Man '' is much better description of `` Moon '' than is `` Space Oddity . '' -RSB- One of my favorite parts of sci-fi films is the robots , and I loved Gerty and his emoticon face . Spacey 's vocals strike the perfect balance between a human-sounding robot and still sounding vaguely ominous -LRB- apparently his vocals were altered slightly -RRB- . Another major strength is the haunting score by Clint Mansell , which manages to highlight and elevate key scenes without being the least bit intrusive . I enjoyed `` Moon '' and was happy to read that Jones is planning a follow-up of sorts called `` Mute , '' which will explore another story set in this timeline.The DVD is packed with extras including two commentaries with the director -LRB- one with the writer/producer and another with members of the technical crew -RRB- and several behind the scenes making of flicks .
 I have seen a lot of movies this year and `` Moon '' is one of the few that I truly and thoroughly enjoyed . I do n't even know where to begin with my praise . It is hard for me to believe that this movie was made on the meagre budget of only 5 million Dollars ! Most Hollywood directors would have a laughing fit and say it is impossible to make a movie with pocket money like that , but `` Moon '' does n't look cheap . Not one bit . It is a very sleek movie . The SFX are not used to dazzle but to enhance the look and turn the already wonderful set of a lunar base into something that really sits on the moon . It is re-freshing to have a SciFi movie in which the SFX take a back seat . The score by Clint Mansell is a beautiful understated affair that fits perfectly to the tone of the overall story . No . This movie is not cheap . It is elegant and Duncan Jones and the whole production team need to be congratulated for this amazing achievement!For Sam Rockwell the movie is a tour de force . This is a one man show and it could have gone all horribly wrong with a less talented actor , but his acting just blew me away . I am hoping against hope that this movie will have a wider release . So far it has been only shown on various film festivals like the Viennale , Sundance or Tribeca and only had a wider release in the UK . I really do not want to see this movie to become an insider like `` The Fall '' . It really deserves recognition . It does n't happen very often , that a movie this good comes along and Sam Rockwell and Duncan Jones should receive at least some awards . I will cross my fingers .
 Moon is probably the best `` true '' science fiction movie to come into theaters in many years . What do I mean by true ? Well the science fiction genre has many facets to it . You have the space opera -LRB- Star Wars , Fifth Element , etc -RRB- , the stellar exploration -LRB- 2001 , Destination Moon , etc -RRB- , the monster movie -LRB- Cloverfield , Alien , etc -RRB- , cyber punk -LRB- The Matrix , Ghost in the Shell -RRB- , and a few other categories that all make up the sci-fi genre . What many fans call a true science fiction is one where the story moves beyond the confines of a futuristic setting or technology . When a science fiction concept is placed in a situation that really gets you thinking is that these fans are hungry for , and Moon is the perfect meal for what they crave.Moon is not an action film so do n't expect Bruckheimer-esque explosions or flashing guns . Moon is a drama at the highest sense of the word . The unfolding story is dramatic . Dramatic in a what they can really mess with your head if you really stop and think about it . Moon is about a single man working in a mining facility on -LRB- of course -RRB- the moon . Just when he is about to finish his three year assignment everything he knew falls horribly out of control . There is of course a plot twist that brings this about , but the masterful way director Duncan Jones presents it makes the twist itself less surprising than the implications that it represents . We are talking a major screwing around with your thoughts and emotions . I do n't want to ruin it for you and I really recommend you NOT to try and find out before you see the movie . It really will spoil the effect for you.Speaking of effect the movie has a top notch production on both sets and special effects . Moon 's budget is reported to be a minuscule $ 5 million , however the movie looks like it was made with ten times that amount . The sets are very convincing and make you believe there can actually be a moon facility . The style is very much like Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 or the first two Alien movies . Absolutely no computer generated special effects are in this film . The sets are really built . The moon and the buildings/vehicles on it are actual models . So much is done with practical techniques and the results are more impressive than many CG-heavy films made today . In other words eye candy.There is essentially one actor in the movie and that 's Sam Rockwell . Playing the character that has , oh lets say 99.9 % of the screen time , Sam has to really carry the movie all on his own . This he does with gusto . Rockwell makes this movie just as much as the impressive sets and excellent script . You also get Kevin Spacey 's voice as the station 's computer , GERTY . You can think 2001 's HAL with a bit more personality and charm.This movie has such a wonderful combination of style and substance . Add to that the fact it 's an independent film made with a budget that would n't even pay for an A-list actor . If this underdog story can get any more endearing I have no idea how . Moon made it 's money in worldwide box office sales and never was shown in much more than 250 theaters . So odds are you may have missed this film 's theatrical release altogether . Now you have a perfect opportunity to see this amazing film for yourself . Here are the extras on the Blu-Ray : - 1080p 2.40:1 Anamorphic Widescreen - English , Italian and Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1 - English , Italian , Spanish and Hindu subtitles - Two commentaries with Director Duncan Jones on other production staff members - `` Whistle '' a short sci-fi film made by Duncan Jones back in 2000 . It 's a rather cool concept about a high tech assassin , but the story is also a bit disturbing as well as predictable . Masterfully executed by the way . - Documentary `` The Making of Moon '' has a good deal of interviews with Duncan Jones on how the movie came to be and what his influences were . From this feature and the Q&A ; 's it seems the biggest influences are Silent Running , Outland and Alien -LRB- in pretty much that order -RRB- . Serious sci-fi fans should be able to pick out those influences easy enough from the film . - Documentary `` Creating the Visual Effects '' delves into not only the digital and CG effects , but also the practical effects like models and forced perspective . I was surprised to see what was computer generated . - Featurette `` How Did They Do That
 Spoilers !!! This movie does absolutely nothing new in the sci-fi genre . Let 's look
 There 's always a danger when you find a movie that you just LOVED - the natural inclination is to go out and want to share it with everyone . MOON is an usual film in that it will probably hit the viewer in one of two ways . If someone stumbles on it and watches it free of distractions -LRB- and likes their movies challenging -RRB- it may strike you -LRB- as it did me -RRB- as an incredibly emotional , tricky and original film experience . However , if someone reads TOO much about it in advance and watches it out of ` obligation ' to a fan , they may have the reverse experience . MOON is a subtle , emotional and intelligent film , filled with tiny moments that may give you chills as you also scratch your head and even question what your eyes just witnessed . If you stick with it , you 're likely to find it a rewarding , sad but heartening story that raises some interesting notions about man 's place in the universe . Part optical illusion , part waking nightmare but always warm and involving , the core of the film is the story of a man struggling with his mortality . Sam Rockwell gives an Oscar-worthy performance -LRB- SHAME on the academy for ignoring him this year ! -RRB- as intelligent and sympathetic as anything I 've seen in years . And do n't be turned off by MOON 'S comparison 's to 2001 -LRB- in case you 're not a fan of the Kubrick film -RRB- - it may be similar in design or ` tone ' , but this film is as personal as any ` earthbound ' tale you 're likely to view . I now add MOON to my list of favorite all-time films - sharing my list with features like Robert Altman 's ` MASH ' and ` Long Goodbye ' , Robert Duvall 's ` Tender Mercies ' , George Romero 's ` Dawn of the Dead ' -LRB- 78 -RRB- and Terrence Hill 's ` My Name is Nobody ' . -RRB- How 's THAT for variety ? ... and THANK YOU , Sam .
 Moon is exactly what the Sci-Fi genre needed in 2009 . Duncan Jones did n't need tons of glitz , glamor , and special effects to hold the viewer 's attention through all 90 minutes of this amazing film . Moon is both compelling and thought-provoking , without being preachy about the subject matter . Sam Rockwell did an amazing job developing his character and displaying pretty much every emotion imaginable , without seeming forced at all . I would 've liked to have seen the family situation given a little more time , and I was n't blown away with GERTY 's role in the film . Why would a billion/trillion dollar corporation completely blow the programming on the one robot that is essential to their sustained success ? There are obvious similarities to HAL in `` 2001 , '' but with a more generic and `` acceptable '' conclusion . This bugged me a little , but not enough to jade my overall view on the film . The ending could 've been given a little more time to develop and `` finalize '' the whole situation , but it still worked . Overall , Moon is a highly enjoyable movie , and hopefully a sign of stellar films to come from rookie director Duncan Jones .
 Moon is an excellent movie , one of my all time favorites , but is not for everyone . If you are the kind of person that sees a movie once and hates to see it again , then Moon is not for you . Move on and stick with afternoon soaps . However , if you can watch a movie over and over again , and enjoy it more each time , then Moon is right up your alley . Moon must be watched more than once , and from start to finish . If you break it up into pieces , or multitask at the same time , you 'll miss out the movie 's depth and detail .
 This movie sucks you right in . You feel very alone as does the main character . It 's a very sad movie , and an original story .
 Moon -LRB- 2009 -RRB- - is the film debut of Duncan Jones , aka Zoui Bowie , the eldest son of David Bowie . This is a very good independent film in the genre of space science fiction/drama with the well crafted elements of mystery and thriller . Of course , the film immediately brings to mind such classics as 2001
 MOON is a beautifully crafted , well-acted play unfolding on a delicate framework of simple music perfectly suited to the desolate mood of the story . It 's about a man who suddenly finds himself in a lonely place doing a tedious job for a big impersonal agency . He ca n't recall his decision to be there . When he wears out , he is replaced with another just like him . He is everyman who finds himself in an empty place doing meaningless work for a system that does n't care . The movie ends suggesting escape is possible . In real life , however , there is no escape .
 Great in every sense of classic Sci-Fi ! From the beginning , where your immersed in the setting & characters , remember in good sci-fi the computer is an entity not to be ignored / as well as that other `` personhood '' - The Corporation , ... Sit back a prepared to have a mind expanding adventure ! ... to the moon 's darkside - ... but thats not all , there is even another darker side to the ` Moon ' . OUTSTANDING !!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!
 While at the video store , I pulled up my Amazon iPhone app and read reviews for movies that were on the shelf - but that I had not heard of . I wanted something that was not mainstream - but would surprise me . I came across Moon and then read these reviews . The rating was higher than a lot of other films and the reviews here seemed very favorable ... So I gave `` Moon '' a shot -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . It was GREAT . Thank you Amazon reviewers for giving this film its due credit . Because of you , I was able to enjoy it too .
 I think Sam Rockwell is an excellent actor . Not only is he about the only actor in this movie , he carries off multiple roles.I do n't recommend knowing anything about this movie in advance -- especially do n't watch the trailer ! It gives away too much in what is a movie with many twists and should actually keep you guessing . It is fairly predictable if you watch the trailer , but , Rockwell 's fine acting carries the movie . Kevin Spacey has a voice only part in the movie.As you watch the movie -- and again , Rockwell 's multiple roles -- you will forget that you are watching the performance of only ONE actor . It 's very easy to forget as he plays them so well . Many may disagree , but I felt this performance was at least Academy Awards nomination worthy . I believe Sam Rockwell is one of the most under-rated actors in Hollywood.The DVD has some fine extras that enhances the movie experience overall , but do n't watch them first .
 Last month I watchedPandorumabout a couple of guys seemingly stranded in deep space that find themselves in a very confusing situation . And I suggested that Pandorum was reminiscent of the classicTwilight Zoneseries . While Moon 's story is completely different and unique , I would venture to say that I was again reminded of The Twilight Zone , and it is about a guy in space -- on the Moon to be exact -- that finds himself in a very confusing situation.Moon is a one man show ... well , that 's not exactly correct , but you 'll have to see the movie to see what I mean . Sam Bell played by Sam Rockwell has a three year mission on the moon to oversee a mega corporation 's mining operation that runs mostly on autopilot . While the autopilot of the mining operation keeps production flowing , and the base where Sam is housed has a mainframe with the AI of ... well ... of Kevin Spacey , Sam is needed to perform tasks that only a human could complete . But what if something unexpected happened to Sam?When I first heard about this movie I wrote it off as one of those films that was sure to be a psychological drama about a guy that go nuts from an extended solitary mission in space . Okay , Moon may ultimately have a tad bit of that , but by far Moon is a movie with much much more . Rockwell 's acting is great . The movie never gets boring and is in fact quite suspenseful at times . Simply put
 my boyfriend wanted to rent this movie off of redbox . at first , i didnt want to watch it . i 'm not much for space themed movies , well , besides star trek or star wars . he wanted to see it so i was a good girlfriend and agreed . i figured i 'd just zone out or get through it somehow , but that wasnt the case.while this film isnt action packed , it keeps you wondering about small discrepancies in this space man 's daily life . ultimately , i found myself trying to figure out the answers and appreciating the outcome . its worth watching
 The Bottom Line : Moon is a smart science fiction film with impeccable special effects -LRB- and on a limited budget too -RRB- , an Oscar-worthy performance by Sam Rockwell in the lead , and a screenplay that constantly goes in different directions than you think it well ; whether you 're a SciFi junkie or merely someone who appreciates good cinema , check out this film .3.5 / 4
 Great move for those who are sick of the shallow plot standard Hollywood fare . Witty , smart , fun . See it now .
 At last , a return to that 70 's vibe when sci-fi meant thought provoking , and not whizz bang gee whizz displays of special effects . Here , the illusion of a future world is perfectly maintained , but effects are very low key , and the emphasis is in drawing you into the tale , and even more into the character 's head.Sam Rockwell gives an amazing -LRB- set of -RRB- performances here , as the man on the last few weeks of his 3 week stint alone on the moon with only Gerty the robot -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- for comfort . When he has an accident , his reality starts to get challenged and he questions who he is and how much of what he knows is truth . To say more would give too much away , but suffice to say the film 's success is partly due to the slow burn but absorbing script , but at least as much again to Rockwell 's performance , never less than convincing , and by the end , you may well want to go back and watch it again to grasp the nuances of what is going on.The set itself is low key , and even one might say familiar , with elements of the sparse whiteness of 2001 , and also the lived in but blocky 70 's style of Space 1999 or even Silent Runnings , for those that remember that far back . It 's interesting to remember that the director 's father is David Bowie , and wonder how this might have influenced his visual choices , remembering Bowie 's sci-fi outing in The Man Who Fell To Earth . Clearly the visual style owes a lot to past visual styles , but that does not mean it does not have it 's own originality . Gerty is no HAL clone for all his similarities , but an intriguing pseudo-anthropomorphised functional robot who is Sam 's only companion as the movie begins . The music is similarly sparse and atonal , but it 's simplicity suits the frame of mind being conveyed and the bleakness of the setting.All told , this is no crash bang wallop special effects display - far from it , but it is nonetheless one of the best sci-fi stories around in years , because it actually IS a story and not just links of set-pieces . The resolution may irk you , or it may satisfy you , and certainly given how languidly the plot moves throughout the movie , it 's a shame the ending is so quickly wound up with a few too many questions lingering . . but whatever your impression on viewing , you 'll undoubtedly be thinking about it some days later.Recommended thinking man 's low budget sci-fi .
 If you love science fiction , and you were raised on Blade Runner , 2001 , and the like , you will love this.It 's rare that sci-fi makes me cry , and this movie caught me off guard.I do n't want to spoil it , but there is a scene when Sam is in his Harvester , on the Lunar surface , with Earth in the background ... . Let 's just say I had a lot of empathy for Sam 's plight.I was not expecting how good or affecting this movie was , and now it has a place among my favorites.Do yourself a favor and rent or buy this movie .
 Moon is a great film and Sam Rockwell gives a great performance . I wont go into detail about the film because I dont want to spoil anything for you but just know that this film is a good buy . The blu-ray quality is awesome as well with great picture and sound . If your a fan of science fiction or good movies in general you will not be disappointed .
 I had to search for this film when it was in theaters and was BLOWN AWAY ! The production value is of a $ 100 million blockbuster -LRB- only cost $ 5 mil to make -RRB- . Sam Rockwell DESERVED the best-acting oscar - and when you see this amazing/touching sic-fi masterpiece you WILL agree ! And a STEAL for less than a movie ticket !
 I could n't find any new releases I liked so I tried Moon . Seemed like the least bad movie of the options out there . Boy was I wrong . This movie is now among my favorite movies ever made . Do n't expect big space battles , high-tech special effects or big screen names . Give it a chance though and you wo n't regret it ! I never saw it coming !
 i loved the concept here , it made me sad , but more aware of alot of things , like where technology is heading . this is a good movie to watch that makes you think
 While Kevin Spacey does an excellent job playing a &#34; Hal &#34; like computer , essentially Sam Rockwell is the only actor in this movie . In combination with the excellent soundtrack , he is easily able to capture your attention for a few hours . For first time watchers there are a few good twists in the movie . I 'm still not sure how much replay value there is in this movie , but it 's still worth picking up for the price as I doubt you 'll be able to find it anywhere to rent . One last thing that some of you may not know is it was directed by Duncan Jones who is none other than the son of David Bowie !
 I kept looking for Rod Sterling 's credit at the end , because thats what this felt like watching Moon . It starts out and your sure you know where its going . but nope . it has its own life . I got this DVD just to see what it was like . saw its trailer on another DVD , it got my interest .
 This is a very , very good SF film , one of the best made in this beginning of XXI century - I watched it with pleasure and I was pretty impressed by it.This is very much a one man show , about a man named Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- who supervises alone a robotic helium3 mine on the hidden face of the Moon . He signed the contract for three years and as the time passes by he starts to wonder if he did n't overestimated his capacity to endure loneliness and isolation . He misses greatly his family as he receives only occasional messages from his wife left on Earth -LRB- the communications suck most of the time , no matter how hard he tries to fix them -RRB- . In fact his only `` companion '' is central computer GERTY , a very powerful AI communicating with voice of Kevin Spacey . Still , as the end of his contract approaches , Sam soldiers on . Then , one day , something unexpected happens ... `` Moon '' is a slow paced , low drama film - but it is never boring , even for one minute . Sam Bell is a brave fellow with whom it is easy to identify and sympphatize and GERTY is a pretty rare thing in SF films - a really nice and even compassionate artificial intelligence ... Their conversations and other interactions are a pleasure to watch . The scenario is strong and quite moving . The ending , always the most difficult point , is also pretty good , although I personally would change the last 15 seconds of the film , to make it even better and even more powerful - but it is a purely personal point of view . Special effects are definitely NOT the center of this film , but they are very honest.So all in all this is , let say it again , a very , very good SF film , in which tension is masterfully created by a smart scenario and smoothly delivered with deceiving calm by the compassionate voice of a very nice computer ... I am very happy that I bought and watched this DVD and it is definitely a keeper ! See `` Moon '' , listen to GERTY and enjoy !
 Sam is counting the days until he can go home . His contract with Lunar Corp is almost up , and if he can just hang on a little while longer , he 'll be on his way back home to earth to be with his family . After almost three years alone and isolated , he can hardly wait . But things are n't what they seem . After an accident with one of the lunar rovers , things start to unravel and suddenly - he 's not alone . The movie has an interesting and cynical premise that -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- is quite believeable . The story is smart and engaging , but what fascinated me more was the environment the filmmakers created and the special effects . This is an indie sci-fi movie whose effects rival 2001 and Alien even though it was probably made for a fraction of the price . There are n't any spectacular explosions or monsters , but there is such attention to detail and great work with models that I found the idea of a single-manned mining station on the moon completely plausible . Really good movie . The extras on the DVD are also cool to watch , if you have access to them .
 Great Movie - Excellent Soundtrack I put this with my all time late night sci-fi favorites . On par with Blade Runner , Dune , and Solaris . Quality of soundtrack is on par with the greats i.e. Solaris and Blade Runner . Excellent movie and had to watch a few times to completely get the gist of it .
 The film was viewed on a 50 '' Panasonic Plasma and BD35 Player . The AQ and PQ are both crisp and clean . Unfortunately I missed the film on the festival circuit , but am glad I finally had a chance to see it . Sam Rockwell does an absolutely fantastic job playing dual `` roles '' , and the special features which discuss the technical aspects of achieving such shots , as well as the entire look of the film , with a relatively small budget , are very interesting . If you 're interested in film at all , from its technical aspects , you may like to investigate the featurettes , especially on the visual elements . Another striking element of the film is its score . Though simple and repeating , for me , it matches the isolation , repetitiveness and loneliness of Sam 's character , as well as his predicament , very well . The twist in the film is not necessarily shocking but blends into the story seamlessly and further elevates the film as a modern sci-fi film with a quiet , yet powerful temperament . It 's not your typical `` trapped in space , with a creature '' type film , and without giving anything away , it is an interesting character study , psychologically , as well as visually . The film was shot for 5 million , and for its objective of shooting a sci-fi film with interesting visual elements , I found it to be very visually appealing . Definitely check this one out , it may surprise you .
 One Man Play in Outer Space , is what it is . And the Moon looks great , as do the effects Directing and Production . Looks simple , plays tough . Actors work the story . Story works you . Effects grease the drama and Sci-Fi has a new entree . BD is a pistol . Pic and sound tops .
 In the spirit of Kubrick 's 2001 , this methodical space-based science fiction film is a mind bender . Sam Rockwell has perhaps his best performance yet in a near solo performance along with the felicitous , colorless voice of Kevin Spacey . A fresh science fiction film that I 'd recommend to nearly anyone.The Blu Ray itself is well produced with good extras . I was n't blown away with what was included , but the extra content was nice and added to the experience .
 This is a great movie , a lot of realistic emotion and very good acting , I have n't seen a movie this good sinceThe Thirteenth Floor .
 Moon is one of my favorite movies of all time . Sam Rockwell 's performance truly is amazing . The story , dialogue , the music and the hybrid of miniatures and CG are all fantastic . The Blu-ray has great picture and sound quality and some decent extras including a short film by the director , Duncan Jones .
 What a sleeper of a sci-fi movie ! It 's way cool , way intense , way intelligent , way well acted and way Spacey -- Kevin that it who plays the voice of Hal ... I mean , Gerty.Basically , it looks like Kubrick 's 2001
 Moon is definitely one of the more interesting films I 've seen lately . It 's actually easy to understand from a storyline point of view , and that 's not something I normally encounter with science fiction movies . Normally while these type of movies roll along , I 'm left sitting there totally confused and uncertain what 's taking place on screen . Not at all in this case.Let me state that I 'm by no means an expert when it comes to outer space-type movies . Most of the time I ignore them because they make little to no sense to me -LRB- because they require too much patience to absorb the finest of details -RRB- . Moon is an obvious exception.It 's about a man who goes to the moon to gather enough resources -LRB- fusion energy -RRB- to bring back to earth . However , he 's apparently stuck on the moon for 3 years waiting for assistance to come , pick him up and take him back home to his loving wife and daughter . A good portion of the storyline deals with his ability to accept being away from home for all those years . It concerns the emotional side of him and tests his patience and level of frustration on numerous occasions.A good chunk of the storytelling deals with this robot/computer that 's capable of interacting with the man extremely well . It constantly guides the man to make the correct decisions by floating up and down the hallways of the lunar base . This robot plays a BIG role in the storyline - it 's constantly around . The fact it 's able to show emotion and especially sympathy is another fascinating element to the storyline.Eventually the storyline kicks in even more and the subject of cloning occurs . Now THIS is when some obvious confusion will take place for the viewers . Why ? Because the main character has a twin clone , and he shares the role of lead character . The question then becomes `` Which one is the man we 've been seeing all along ? `` I will say this - the storyline is n't as confusing as it seems with one glaring exception - the final 10 minutes . I 'm not really sure what actually happened there . It 's not enough to encourage me to lower the rating , though.Overall , the acting is solid , the storytelling is compelling enough to keep your interest the entire time , and it 's just an overall solid movie .
 Released to coincide with celebrations of the 40th anniversary of man 's landing on the Moon , this indie sci-fi debut time film of Duncan Jones -LRB- David Bowie 's son -RRB- , has a retrospective feel to it as if it 's not only looking back over the last 40 years of man 's space flights , Jones is also adept at quoting filmic references from all the films in this genre : Silent Running , Outland , Alien , Solaris and 2001 . Sam Rockwell plays a lone astronaut space-miner , Sam Bell , engaged in extracting highly valuable Helium 3 from moon rocks to be shipped back to Earth to fuel the energy-starved planet.Sam 's isolated posting is about to come to an end.His only company has been Gerty -LRB- voiced by Spacey -RRB- , the base 's Hal-like robot , which is a mobile computer.Sam ca n't communicate directly with Earth as the communication satellite has apparently broken down , but he receives taped messages from his wife Tess and little daughter Eve.A terrible accident on the lunar surface leads to a disturbing discovery that contributes to his growing sense of paranoia and dislocation so many miles from home.His 3 year term is almost over but he is undergoing hallucinations . Is the strangeness only in his mind or is it actually happening?He 's physically degrading , coughing up blood , losing teeth. , he suffers memory loss , wakes up in the infirmary , not knowing how he got there.He thinks he 's seen a clone of himself.This is old fashioned sci-fi in the best sense of an ideas-and-character-driven vehicle.Forget CGI , flashy action or time warps , it questions who is or is n't fully human , and explores empathy in forms of alien intelligence.Gerty is softly spoken , therapeutic or is he?What would you do if you found out you were a clone?Rockwell differentiates his differing-yet-similar personae.Sam finds he 's both less alone and yet far more alone than he ever imagined . Rockwell 's performance is a tour-de-force . The scenes between Sam and his daughter and the other Sam have lots of heart . The interior of the base is appropriately low-tech and lived-in ; scenes set on the moon 's surface are functional but perfectly adequate . Jones overcomes the limitations of his $ 5 million budget to witty use
 My how time flies . Duncan Jones , son of David Bowie , is now a film director . The man who fell to earth comes to mind . Very interesting story where the plot comes before the technology . If you like tension , dialogue , and thought provoking scenes , this is a film for you . I hope we 'll hear more from Duncan and maybe his famous Dad will pop up soon .
 If you like drama , this movie is for you ! Chock full of twists and turns , it challenges the idea of what happens in sci-fi dramas.Sam Rockwell is top notch in this movie - lots of complexity and different personalities . He really makes the movie shine . Moon is similar in tone to Sunshine , but was made with a far smaller budget -LRB- you ca n't tell though ! -RRB- .
 Let me first say that I 'm not a huge fan of sci-fi . I enjoyed Star Wars -LRB- when I was a kid -RRB- , I enjoyed X-Files a bit , but for the most part it 's just not my thing . That said , this is an amazing film . It 's a slow paced thriller that is intelligently written and filmed . It truly does n't even really come across as a sci-fi , yet fans of the genre will greatly appreciate it . It 's beautiful to look at and has somewhat of a timeless quality about it . I almost saw this in the theater and now I wish I had . Truly amazing!The DVD package could have been better , but it does include a short film titled `` Whistle '' which also `` blew '' me away ... a very good extra on the DVD.Whistle alone is worth the price of the disc . And Moon ? One of the best movies I 've seen across all genres and my favorite sci-fi yet . Do NOT miss this one !!!!!
 MOON is an film about a man who works on a station somewhere on the moon , harvesting Helium 3 -LRB- Some sort of futuristic super fuel for fusion reactions , he says . This is n't explained very well , but it 's not necessary for the plot . He could be on the moon doing just about anything dangerous -RRB- . He has a companion robot named Gerty that helps him out and keeps him company.I like this film more than any recent one I 've seen , and has rapidly assured it self a place on my shelf as a favorite . It is a little philosophic , but not overly so . It 's easy to understand , and the lead character , Sam Bell , seems to be about average in most respects so he 's relatable . Without giving too much away , he has a psychological crisis when he finds out about who he really is.MOON has that sort of `` believable '' spacey feel to it , and is not unlike 2001 A Space Odyssey . I found 2001 -LRB- ... etc -RRB- to be a bit dull , but this film is better paced . The robot , Gerty , is also more believable than Hal is . When Gerty is upset , or when he tries to reach out to Sam , it feels genuine despite how non-human he looks -LRB- Gerty is in no way humanoid , I mean , he 's got arms and an emotion display , but that 's about it -RRB- . By the end of the film , Gerty feels nearly as human as Sam , which is interesting to me because the film is n't focused on Gerty yet it features him in such a strong light.I 'm disappointed that this film has not received better press coverage . It showed up , and it was great , and now it 's disappeared . This is a great film , and I hope that the development team produces more like it in the future .
 This was a fast-paced thriller with a surprisingly satisfying ending . It was also the story about the goodness in one 's self .
 In reading the volume of negative and average reviews here and elsewhere I think everyone -LRB- that is interested in this film anyway -RRB- should give this a watch in Blu then check out the supplements , especially those parties that have some nagging questions about the unexplained elements.The BD is transferred eloquently , with all of the shortcomings -LRB- in my view the sets and props added the exact `` atmosphere '' the director was shooting for and explains in the Q&A ; and commentaries -RRB- captured in original production being preserved perfectly here . Yes , the surface sets and CGI used with the harvester 's moondust look noticeably bad , but there are plenty of plot points and a performance strength to make up for it . The clarity in most of the film is competent , with almost a pinnacle in seeing an `` invisible '' prop - the shower scene his polyclear bikini is obvious . The sound is a valid DTS with some variant usage off screen -LRB- reference the scene where GERTY is talking live to command -RRB- . The supplements are thorough and include : * Commentary by four of the staff . See below . * Commentary by two of the staff -LRB- director Jones and producer Fenegen -RRB- . I much preferred this one , it had a great deal more material that I enjoy about logistics and behind the scenes stuff . Plus only two guys were talking or interacting which is better than four vying for talk time on a quiet film like this . * Whistle , a short film by Jones , 28 minutes . A decent little piece for being a first time project . * Making of , 16:18 minutes . A lodef interview laden set with all of the main staff and cast . * Creating the effects , 11:09 minutes . Gives some good insight on the robot -LRB- Gerty -RRB- , the moondust , vehicles and such . * Science Center Q&A ; , 20:48 minutes . Jones being interviewed by a group of people in March 2009 . Roughly 20 questions ranging from hidden themes , subtexts , a sequel , unanswered plot points and assorted fun stuff . For those having issue with certain outcomes , or mysterious story lines - this actually answers almost all of them - Jones ' demeanor was much more relaxed here than in the Sundance footage . * Sundance Q&A ; at Moon premiere , 11:15 minutes . Rockwell shows his grace in letting it be all about the staff here , but I felt this was his film hands down - wish he would have talked more . * BD Live , nothing new , just the standard 100 points for registering your disc at Sony.A solid performance film for Rockwell , hope he gets some acknowledgment down the road . The BD is not stellar as the original product was not there to reference , but still a worthy watch - an owner for me not a renter . The MPAA rating is incorrect as it should be R for brief nudity , language and one sexual situation as I found playing it in the store had a couple people all fussy -LRB- I do n't care about the language but I guess Rockwell 's behind and him working his wife in bed caught a few eyes , whatever -RRB- . Enjoy .
 What a surprise this was . Flying on a plane to South America and saw this film on the plane of all places . Why is n't this getting wide release in the U.S. , I do n't know , but it is awesome . Anyone else notice the Selk ` bag Sleepwear System he was wearing in the movie ? Awesome!Selk ` bag 3G Adult by Musuc
 The character development is so strong that Sam Rockwell role has proved what a top level actor he is . This is one of those rare movies where you can connect with the character so much that you want him to be real , because while you 're watching him he seems real . It 's absolutely beautiful acting & writing.The story is incredibly simple but it 's presented in a way that it keeps unfolding itself throughout the entire movie . There is a twist , but the twist is early in the movie -LRB- which is rare -RRB- . The rest of the movie is the character facing the reality of the twist , going through emotions & realizations that are gripping in a very subtle & true way.This is not a thriller , it 's not a movie you just watch for entertainment , it 's very engaging . I can not recommend it enough for people that enjoy quality story-telling .
 I was completely blown away by this movie when I saw at the theatre earlier this year . First time director Duncan Jones has crafted a masterful sci-fi classic in the same league with Blade Runner , 2001 , Solaris , Alien and Silent Running . Yes , it 's that good . What 's more amazing is that he did this on a $ 5 million dollar budget but you would never know that by how it looks . The lunar landscape is amazing ! Sam Rockwell gives one of his finest performances in this film and the story is engrossing . How I rank my favorite movies is if they move me in some way and also would it be something I would want to watch again . For this film it is yes to both . Every movie I saw this year I kept saying to myself is it better than Moon and I keep answering no . This was my favorite movie of 2009 and I hope -LRB- although it wo n't -RRB- that it is recognized by the Academy .
 I enjoyed this sci-fi movie about a man at a mining outpost on the moon . It has hints of the movie `` 2001
 A good movie entertains and makes you think . A very good movie keep you thinking days and weeks later.This is a very good movie .
 `` Moon '' was directed by Duncan Jones based on his original story with screenwriter Nathan Parker . It stars Sam Rockwell as astronaut Sam Bell who is near the end of a three year stint as the sole employee on a lunar base on the moon gathering a clean energy resource that helps Earth 's fuel problems . With only the company of a robot GERTY voiced by Kevin Spacey , Sam 's loneliness has gotten to him and he begins to hallucinate.This movie rests almost entirely on Sam Rockwell and boils down to a one-man show . His character is isolated in this moon base and after a discovery , he begins to doubt everything he has believed to be true in his time there . He plays multiple versions of himself overtime with and without facial hair and injuries and somehow keeps it all straight.Rockwell 's performance as Sam Bell is masterfully done in a way that few people could ever accomplish . I am in shock that he was n't nominated for an Oscar for this film . It is a true test to his power of endurance , skill , nuance , subtlety , and raw emotion and he carries it through with flying colors . Bell 's biggest goal is just to get back to his infant daughter and his wife whom he left back on Earth . With two weeks to go , every event seems blown up in scale to hindering his return . Their presence is always in the back of his mind and he is often reviewing time delayed tapes sent from his wife and dreams about her as extra motivation to persevere.This story feels like a blend of the claustrophobia and psychological mind games found in `` Sphere '' -LRB- especially with the added element of Kevin Spacey 's voice -RRB- with the extra isolation of space like in many movies like `` Apollo 13 '' and even `` Alien '' . Kevin Spacey 's GERTY has a smiley face icon on one of its panels that changes expression to try and interact with and take care of Sam Bell . It walks the fine line between being suspiciously enigmatic and occasionally sweet as Sam 's company . Spacey 's dry , comforting , and emotionally even tone really builds suspense as the audience tries to figure out what the robot 's true agenda might be.Visually , the moon looks amazing , almost as if it could have been shot on location . The design of the stations and vehicles seems very realistic . This science fiction is a well-thought out puzzle that unfolds slowly over time . It has an older feel with the pacing and themes and as always , sometimes technology can get the better of us . The transitions are seamless and the story amazingly well told and engaging . Some of it is heartwarming , some is disturbing , but all the ups and downs are worth it . I really ca n't go into it any further without giving away major spoilers suffice to say this is one of the BEST movies of 2009 by far and I am so glad I finally got to see it . Please see it if you have n't !
 If you took Harlan Ellison , Arthur C. Clarke , and Stanislaw Lem , put them in a room , made them watch `` 2001 '' and `` Sniper 470 '' -LRB- just to set the tone -RRB- , then gave them a single typewriter and said , `` OK , guys , come up with something ... '' `` Moon '' could be that movie . Yeah , it 's THAT good.I like movies that do n't mistake `` great special effects '' for `` great science fiction . '' This movie went straight to the top of my all-time-favorites list . Thoughty , speculative , and original .
 Despite the fact that this was filmed in just 33 days , Moon is an excellent motion picture . As others have noted , it was at first easy to believe that Moon would be all too similar to 2001
 The concept of the movie is really cool ... but there never really seems to be an overwhelming climax . Granted there is a climax , it just seems like it meanders along . Like the title says , rent it ; not one of my finest purchases .
 An entertaining space mystery , horrifying yet genuinely moving . Kevin Spacey is great as this film 's version of HAL.In the future , most of the Earth 's energy needs are met by one corporation mining some wonder material on the moon . The protagonist is the sole human operator needed , scheduled to be rotated out soon.On a trip to check out a mining location , he has an accident . This sets off a strange cascade of events , which he has to unravel to understand his situation . And it 's a doozy.Production values and effects are good enough , Rockwell 's performance is great , and the whole thing is worth a watch or two .
 I 've decided after switching to bluray to limit the amount of movies I purchase , not because blurays cost more , but because of the 200 plus dvd 's I own . So I bought Moon because I wanted a movie that I thought would have good acting -LRB- it does -RRB- , good dialog -LRB- check -RRB- , and a story that really drives the movie . Moon will not blow you away with it 's special effect 's or cgi , it will keep you watching because Sam Rockwell does a superb job in this role.Buy it or rent is you wo n't be dissatisfied with this movie , especially with 1080 .
 This is one of my favorite movies ! Produced with a budget of just $ 50million -LRB- which is not a lot in the film world -RRB- , the makers of Moon have delivered an excellent sic-fi piece that rivals the much bigger budget productions .
 Well-written , well-acted , well done ! Character is totally believable and you sympathize with him completely . As the story progresses u r drawn closer to him . When the surprise hits , you r fascinated w how they will resolve the situation . Only MINOR flaw was the last scene - i wish they could have spent a minute more on our hero 's fate . It is a GOOD flaw that we are so interested ! Do n't miss this very enjoyable , different and interesting movie !
 This movie was a blast to watch . Not what I expected , course I really did n't have much of an idea what to expect , going in.Very suspenseful , and you REALLY connect with Sam Rockwell 's character through the course of the movie . Very well shot and well-written .
 I enjoyed this movie -- not because it made me giggle , but because it made me feel something . There are some plot holes big enough to drive a lunar harvester through , but they do n't distract from the over-arching theme . Pretty well done . Kevin Spacey did a bang-up job voicing the ` bot ; his smooth voice translates well into monotones .
 It 's nice to see a movie with a new idea and acted well . Huge fan of the movie and have been recommending to friends since I watched it .
 This is a great movie . Sam Rockwell shines in it ; acting alongside himself . Kevin Spacey voices the robot GERTY with a monotone voice and emoticon faces which actually creates an interesting character . If you like Sci-Fi and suspense this movie is for you .
 We really love this movie and just had to own it . The shipping was fast and the quality was just as expected for a bluray purchase .
 Sam Rockwell is great in this , what else do you need me say ? Well , okay , it 's cheap too , buy it .
 I really enjoyed the movie . It had three good plots all in one . Mining the Moon should be considered . It was a entertaining movie .
 Congratulations to Zowie Bowie ! , what a great movie you have come up with.Fed my imagination as a child with Gerry Anderson and such shows as UFO and Space 1999 , I think Duncan may have also.This movie is so moving , Sam Rockwell is excellent and totally beleivable as his clones.The soundtrack completes the package . I have only ever bought one soundtrack in my life , and that was `` Brokeback Mountain '' So praise to Clint Mansell.Go on buy it ... you will watch it more than once !
 In the not-too-distant future , Lunar Industries is surface mining the Moon for Helium 3 which is used to generate clean fusion energy on Earth . It 's a very significant operation that provides around 70 % of the Earth 's total energy requirements . Nonetheless , a solitary human is deemed sufficient to serve as a custodian on the Moon base . His name is Sam and he 's nearing the end of his three-year contract . The long and rather dull Moon duty has apparently begun to warp his noggin . Fortunately , he has the aid of Gerty , a HAL 9000 type talking computer with a robot arm and a simple emoticon display . So far , so good . However , things are not quite as they seem . Lunar Industries has gotten a bit too clever with its employees . A cover up is involved which is exposed later in the movie . There is a bit of violence , but no light sabers , weirding modules , phasers , pulse rifles , ion cannons , or even a good old fashion revolver . Nothing more lethal than an Exacto knife that is mostly used for whittling . There are no aliens or exotic animals in this movie . For Sci Fi fans , Moon contains various elements from classics such as 2001 Space Odyssey , Aliens , Dune , Star Wars , Solaris , and maybe Gattaca . It also has a component of One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , with Sam being both the Chief Bromden and the Randle McMurphy characters . Except for one fight scene , Moon is generally on the softer side of science fiction , much more like Solaris than Star Wars or Aliens . In the end , Sam wants nothing more than to return to Earth and see his lovely wife and daughter again . Let 's hope a Blade Runner is not there to greet him .
 After reading some reviews by others , both positive , and negative , I decided to see this movie.I absolutely loved this movie , and my only regret is not watching it sooner.This movie is total Brain Candy , meaning it makes you think.Eye Candy is nice , but Brain Candy is more addicting , and much better for you.This movie truly does require that you pay attention.If you miss a little , you will actually miss a lot.As stated in other reviews , this movie is `` slow '' as in Silent Running , and 2001
 Good science fiction films are rare , great science fictions films are ever rarer -- so do yourself a favor and see this movie!I loved the atmosphere of this movie which captured the old school feeling quite well . They even threw some original `` Solaris '' stuff in there which impressed me . The film was satisfying , as it was not just a soap opera in space -- science was an integral part of the plot . Plus , it was scary , which is a must for me in a science fiction film . They even included the requisite robot character , but made the character fresh and new . The emotives were a fantastic touch , BTW.The humorous moments sprinkled into the film were well done and much appreciated . In fact , the last line in the movie is humorous ; a clever and intriguing way to end the film.These guys must have watched every good science fiction film ever made to be able to create this movie so effectively . They even worked in elements from movies that I liked , and are good , but that are not considered `` great '' or canonical such as `` Total Recall '' . These guys knew what they were doing and this movie shows it .
 I really just wanted to put up the stars and leave it at that ... but ok fine ... its a good movie ... if you read the story line and though it might be something you like , I will tell you - correct ! it will be something you will like ; it will not disappoint . Now if you need to see action action action , I 'm assuming you can tell from the storyline that this isnt for you . if you didnt figure that out yet , Let me tell you . This isnt for you.now I 'm done ...
 Moon -LRB- 2008 -RRB- - I just want to add my five star vote . This was science fiction cinema at its best and produced for a mere 5 Million dollars ! If you like sci-fi films you must see this one .
 If you like Sci-Fi , The Moon , Astronomy , Space , Stars , Nebula 's , Black holes , Dark mater or Dark energy , Drama , Action and Visuals or twisted plots , watch this !!!! Best Movie I 've seen in a long time !!!! Serious ! : - O
 In a not-so-distant future , Earth 's energy is being supplied through extraction of Helium-3 from the Moon . Sam Rockwell plays Sam Bell , a space miner whose job is to make sure that the massive mining machines keep running and to ship the fuel they extract back to Earth . He 's at the tail end of a three year stint , and ca n't wait to go home -- and Gerty 3000 , his robot companion whose design and mission is a significant twist from that of Hal 9000 -LRB- of2001 - A Space Odyssey -RRB- , seems worried he is beginning to lose focus on the mission . It turns out Sam has much bigger issues to worry about.The German philosopher Martin Heidegger wrote that in an age of technology , where everything is treated as a resource , we ourselves become just another means to an end . We think of technology as our servant , but humanity itself becomes another means to an end , a cog in the globalized technological machine.Director Duncan Jones has created a profound yet simple and small science fiction film that thematizes questions regarding the impact of technology on human life , how it affects human relations to each other , even what it means to be human . The film feels like a return to some of the most intriguing science fiction of the seventies and the eighties , films likeSoylent Green , Silent Running , Alien , andBlade Runner , even if it is working on a smaller scale than the last few of these . -LRB- It 's worth watching more than once for its inclusion of clever references to many of these films - the script and the setting include a number of subtleties , that are likely to be missed on first viewing . -RRB- The production team obviously made the most of a small budget , and managed to create a very realistic moon base , and very convincing machines and subtle use of special effects . Of course , the most impressive component of the film is the performance of Sam Rockwell , who almost singlehandedly carries the entire show , and gives a delicate and nuanced performance throughout . This is excellent independent science fiction . Highly recommended .
 I 'll just echo other positive reviews . I almost wish I had n't read the reviews first , because they had me looking for certain things in the movie . This is the type of movie that you need to go into without any ideas of what it 's really about .
 Sam Bush -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- is in the last two weeks of a three year contract , mining fuel that can only be found on the dark side of the Moon . He talks to his plants and has his cubicle bed surrounded by pictures of his wife and daughter . The three years of isolation is taking its toll . He 's seeing things , and losing his concentration . When he gets into a lunar rover to investigate a problem with one of the land strip-mining machines , he accidentally crashes , only to wake up in the infirmary with GERTY 3000 -LRB- voiced with HAL 9300 coolness by Kevin Spacey -RRB- . But something is wrong . Sam thinks there 's someone else with him . And there is ... another Sam . Has Sam lost his mind in the isolation and aftermath of the crash ? Did he die and just hallucinate what is happening ? Is there a conspiracy of clones ? Is he really being rescued , as the messages from Earth suggest ? Thus is the premise of Duncan Jones ' -LRB- aka Zowie Bowie -RRB- `` Moon . '' Rockwell plays himself and himself , trying to reconcile all that is happening to the twin hims in hopes of achieving wellness before he can go home . It 's Science Fiction with very little science , only a lonely miner and his robot friend trying to figure out what is going on in their isolated outpost.To that end , there are obvious parallels with modern classics likeSilent Running -LRB- isolated man battles himself after greedy corporation screws everything up -RRB- and2001 - A Space Odyssey.Rockwell plays the everyman of Sam Bush very effectively as he unravels the mystery of his predicament . It 's also nice to watch a science movie where plot-lines are not connected by an endless series of explosions or CGI aliens -LRB- in fact , the special effects are largely retro in nature , something I found refreshing -RRB- . Jones provides us with an ambitious debut as a director , as well ... and given that the only two pop songs he inserted into the movie were ever popular `` Walking On Sunshine '' and one hit wonder Chesney Hawkes ' `` The One and Only , '' says a lot about him not taking easy choices.After all , how simple would it have been to call up Dad and ask for `` Space Oddity ? ''
 I do not want to spoil any part of this movie for you . It is excellent . Well acted . Great plot . Super effective story telling .
 Moon is a fantastic movie that is a must see for every sci-fy enthusiast or anyone who has lost faith in the genre as a whole .
 This was very good . It was n't clear at the beginning where the plot would go . The ending was very surprising despite being very plausible . This was a nice surprise considering most SYFY have common plots . It is NOT a shoot-um-up show . It did keep me interested and was thought provoking . Bottom line I do n't resent the money I spent , or the time spent watching it . I do recommend it for seasoned SYFY watchers .
 Excellent movie , great price and quick delivery - no complaints , smooth transaction!Sam Rockwell is a fantastic actor !!!
 2001 was great but if this movie came out the same year , this is the one you would remember ... . Do n't read the other reviews , just watch it ...
 this movie is so great . blu ray extras were sufficient and cool . buy this movie , you will have no regrets
 I saw this movie a few days ago , and find myself still thinking about it . That raised it from three stars to four in my book . Sam Rockwell 's performance was terrific , the setting was good -LRB- although I 'm not sure anyone has surpassed Alien -LRB- 1979 -RRB- for the look and feel of a lived-in space setting -RRB- , and the end wrapped things elegantly.What kept this from being five stars for me -- and is actually why I keep thinking about it -- are the fundamental plot problems , but thinking about the solutions is what 's fascinating . The main one being that there 's really no reason at all for setting up the station as a one-man operation , and plenty of really good reasons why you would n't make it a one-person operation -LRB- especially given the technology they had at their disposal -RRB- . The other thing keeping this from five stars -LRB- for me -RRB- was the poor definition of the AI voiced by Kevin Spacey . HAL in 2001 was a brilliantly realized , conflicted character ... Gerty felt more like a confused character , deflecting sometimes , helping at others , but I never had a good feeling for why Gerty 's internal conflicts were inspiring the actions they did.Even with its flaws , though , this is an intriguing film worth watching and worth thinking about afterwards .
 I am a Sci-Fi movie fan . I also like indie flicks and a creative non-recycled storyline . ` Moon ' checks all of those boxes.Sam Rockwell -LRB- Charlie 's Angels -LSB- movie -RSB- , Matchstick Men -RRB- delivers his best performance to date.If you liked ` Moon ' try ` Cube ' or ' 2001 Space Odessy ' ... avoid ` Saturn 3 '
 Who can resist Kevin Spacey , i.e. , Space Out ? Although you only hear him speak , this movie is worth it just to listen to him . Very funky one-man-show . Do n't expect a lot , but do expect to be entertained .
 Dont read what this about in advance and you will have a great time.I watched it with low expectations because the actor seemed not familiar but I like the moon so I thought I would give it a shot . I ran across trailer by accident . There were nice surprises and twist and turns and I came away thinking . Where has this movie been hiding . Everything was a cool surprise and I never knew how it could possibly end until the end and then I was pleasantly satisfied . The Cover of the dvd looks horrible though .
 Moon is the first feature film by Duncan Jones who went on to create the more high profile Source Code . Like Source Code , Moon is built on a Science Fiction high concept but is crafted into a relatively low key and human narrative.The human in this case is astronaut Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- who is completing his long and solitary contract on the dark side of the moon . Sam has been isolated , his only real time contact is a robot named GURTY -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- , for nearly three years and the time has begun to take its toll on his body and mind . His confusion leads to an accident and which starts him down a path of increasing strangeness.Mr . Rockwell does an excellent job of holding down this basically one man show . He helps create a character that is at times his enemy and best friend . Its a careful role as he must keep the audience on his side while still being a little bit of a cipher.As he did in Source Code , Mr. Jones seems comfortable deploying his twist early on and letting the audience and story grapple with the implications for the rest of the film . The result is that the viewer is not asked to believe in the core premise so much as enjoy its outcome , which works with the creative scenario to heighten the oddness of the film.Moon is strange , intelligent , and unexpected in its own right . However , coupled with Source Code we seem to have a promising young film maker who is well worth watching .
 The critically acclaimed ` Moon ' made on a budget of only US$ 5 million is science fiction at its best . The film is dramatic and novelistic in style , character - and idea-driven rather than action-based . In this respect it resembles ` Blade Runner ' , Tarkovsky 's original ` Solaris ' and Kubrick 's ` 2001
 If you like sci-fi , you have something new to watch.Is it original ? YIs it exciting ? NDoes it eventually become smarter & escape?Well , you 'll just have to watch & see. ; -RRB-
 PLOT SPOILERSIt was an excellent movie on all levels . There were some scientific stuff going on that was not brought out . Clones are not as good as the originals . They tend to have defects and die young . It is not a perfected science . In this movie we see some of the aspects incorporated but never stated
 Yes , this is another movie of which we could draw parallels between this and several other movies that we seen and know and love . Yes , we can pretty much guess what is happening . However , this movie does have its own story and plays out in its own way . It is well worth watching.Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- has been working a three-year stint for Luna industries . He is overseeing the mining and collection of clean energy on the far side of the Moon . In two weeks , he will be going home . He is starting to hallucinate . While concentrating on one of his hallucinations is involved in an accident . While recovering he overhears is a conversation between his caretaker robot and the Corporation . He is beginning to think the Corporation has other plans for him.So is Sam Bell still hallucinating ? On the other hand , are we just paranoid ? On the other hand , does our clean energy company have a dirty little secret?Watch this well paced movie and find out -LRB- maybe -RRB- . Finally , we have a movie that that not have a lot of drum beating in the background ever time the action picks up . You can tell the miniatures are miniatures . However , it does not distract.I only saw the Blu-ray version so I can not compare to others . The voice over commentary is not that informative . The BD live is no really that alive and the other DVD extras are humdrum .
 if you like those movies that have quiet overtones with minimal cast -LRB- THE WORLD , THE FLESH AND THE DEVIL -RRB- then you will enjoy this movie . the movie has a surprisingly good twist in the middle , carrying you through until it explains itself . overall , a simple quiet paced movie that is excellent to watch by yourself while laying on the couch late at night . this movie deserves at least a one time viewing . and it belongs in your collection for when you are in the mood for the genre i just described . buy it .
 Unfortunately , Science Fiction cinema , and literature have always had a somewhat difficult relationship . The literature has always been a rich field of ideas and thought experiments of every shape , but the cinematic forms tended towards the schlocky and gimmicky , with a few notable exceptions . In the literary world of speculative fiction , in which thousands upon thousands of short stories and novels have explored virtually every possible scenario in potential and alternative futures for humans and other types of creatures , there is a vast library of tropes that are commonly interwoven time and again in different configurations as a kind of exploration of the realm of possibility . Yet rarely has this been the case with cinematic Science Ficton . This film , however , happens to resemble the literary tradition more than the cinematic norms . There are no chases , and there is only one fight . But they do take a couple of very common tropes of speculative fiction and explore them in a very evocative and lyrical way -- and in the process , ask some very profound questions about the nature of human rights , the social contract , community , competition , and collaboration ; the nature of corporate labor , freedom , and the kind of complex problems that might go along with the ability to clone humans the way we clone apple trees.What happens when you reduce the meaning of a human being to the work they are capable of doing , or the job that needs to be done ? What of their dreams ? Their longings ? Their hopes ? Does any corporation care about the anxieties of their workers ??? What about the customers of those corporations ? Like you . Like me . Do you care about the hopes of the Chinese laborers who probably built the parts to the computer you are now staring at ? Do you care about their safety ? Their dormitory conditions -- or their separation from loved ones ? I 'm not sure why we should -- except that it makes me squeamish to think my purchasing power supports a system of slave labor and environment degradation that circles the globe.I wo n't say much more , but , even though there is very little that is strictly original here -- in literary speculative fiction there is literally nothing new under the sun -- nothing that has not been thought of before -- and probably 60 years ago at that -- however , they do acknowledge their indebtedness to to certain traditions in a playful and respectful fashion . Also , kudos to both the set design and the cinematography , which were very authentic feeling and believable . Every work of science fiction can unravel if you tug at any of the threads too hard -- you almost always have to accept a few basic premises -- but , having done that , the story should hold together consistently and logically within that framework -- and Moon does that , to a surprising degree , considering how often cinematic science fiction disappoints . This film deserves to be more widely known and is worthy of praise from even the most die-hard critic of speculative fiction . I would have loved to see what Harlan Ellison would have had to say about Moon back when he was still reviewing films for the Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction . It rekindles my hope that maybe someday film makers will become educated enough to begin harvesting the nearly infinite fields of plenty that literary science fiction has ripened during the past 70 years . There is no excuse for any more ignorant schlock ever again . This is an example of how it can be done , folks .
 Grab your tasty beverage and some pop corn . This has elements of classic sci-fi but in a refreshing perspective . A must see for those who enjoy the genre and request more out of a film than trillions of pointless action scenes .
 I loved this movie . This movie is about a man sent to work on the moon by an energy company called Lunar to harvest Helium3 which is used in the future for energy . Sure , it has some flaws such as some plot issues but it was lovely overall and philosophically rich . Like the director , I also studied philosophy in graduate school and I pickup up all the references to the debates in personal identity and the ethical dilemmas associated with that complex issue . The movie also conveys the loneliness of the central character and his predicament skillfully and palpably . I really began to identify with his longing for his family on earth and the sadness that came with finding out that he will never have the life he remembers as being his own -LRB- see the movie to see what exactly I am talking about -RRB- . Rockwell did a good job of acting and the scenarios portrayed the isolation , loneliness , and helplessness his character finds himself due to the predicaments of being on the moon away from normal human contact . There are also quite funny moments -LRB- many involving the robot Gerty -RRB- . There is a very original twist at the end on how the relationship between the main character and his robot companion turns out that is very different from what many might expect and how the relationship between man and machine for Hal 9000 , Gerty 's 2001
 Beautiful film . Wonderfully shot , haunting score . I 'm particularly pleased with the use of practical effects , bringing a slightly more real tone to the scenes . Rockwell does a marvelous job portraying his character 's multifaceted idiosyncrasies With equal parts stoic precision and comedic timing . It 's not easy interacting with another you . Spacey as the charming and thoughtful robot voice was amusing . One of several nods to classics such as 2001
 Director Duncan Jones pays homage to previous science fiction classics such as 2001 , Silent Running , Outland and Alien , and does so from the same type of `` grown up '' science fiction perspective . His first film , Moon , does just that , offering a psychological edginess to one man 's experience out in space . In the film , Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- is completing a three year contract for Lunar Industries , where he lives on the moon and collects samples of helium3 , a source of energy . He has virtually no contact with humans other than via video messages from his wife ; GERTY -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , a robot , is his only companion during this time . Sam feels a sense of cabin fever and claustrophobia as the time winds down , and begins having strange hallucinations as his time is almost up . While exploring out on the moon , he has an accident . The aftermath of the accident is where the film gets tricky . He wakes up in the infirmary talking with GERTY , but sees what appears to be another version of himself in the room . Realizing that he is not hallucinating this time , Sam begins to uncover secrets about Lunar Industries and events back home.Some may take Moon to be standard sci-fi fare , but I think Moon has its own approach to understanding the effects of isolation on an individual , and what it means to be human , and develops its own answers for these issues . Sam 's searching for answers out in space involve being exposed to emotionally-draining truths and revelations . Moon is an intelligent , thought-provoking movie that you can step back after watching and reflect upon . At points , the film investigates the claustrophobic feeling of not only being `` closed in '' and isolated from society , but from doubting one 's own identity or where one is at in the universe , spiritually , psychologically , or physically . An unsettling perspective is realized throughout Sam 's point of view , and Sam Rockwell does a superb job of capturing a wide range of emotions
 Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- is just another worker on the dark side of the moon . He 's there to man the lunar base , and to make sure the mining machines function properly . Sam is alone , except for the base robot / computer , Gerty -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- . All is well until an accident occurs during a routine check , plunging everything into chaos . MOON is a superior science fiction effort w / a memorable central -LRB- almost sole -RRB- character . Sam 's isolation and loneliness are palpable . He is supposed to be nearing the end of his 3-year mission . Of course , that would be too simple ! If I had to compare MOON to any other film , I would say that SILENT RUNNING would be it 's closest relative . Both films deal w / solitary figures in bleak situations . In space ! Highly recommended ...
 Earth 's energy needs are met with the mining of the moon . The process is so mechanized , only a single person is needed to operate the mining station . Sam Bell , played by Sam Rockwell , is two weeks away from the end of his three year contract staffing the station , and he ca n't wait for it to end . `` Three years is a long time , '' he confesses in a message to his handlers on Earth.Sam 's only companion is GERTY , an AI presence on the station transported around by overhead railings . GERTY -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- also stands in as a cook , a hairdresser , and a medic . To give Sam a `` sense '' of GERTY 's mood , GERTY flashes a `` happy face , '' `` frowny face , '' or something in between on a little screen.Sam knows he is tired . When he begins to see things on the station , he recognizes his mental exhaustion . And when one illusion causes him to wreak his `` lunar tow truck , '' the story gets very complicated . He is rescued . But ... there is only him and station-based GERTY . So who is his rescuer?Sam Rockwell 's appearance and actions throughout mimic a person who lives in isolation . He talks to his plants , is consumed by his hobbies , and yet demonstrates great competence at his job . Sam wears a worn and dirty pressure suit , shaves when he feels like it , and is happy to have GERTY do the `` housework . `` After things begin to happen , Sam Rockwell , the actor , does a tremendous job staying in character for the rest of the movie . I ca n't picture , for example , Harrison Ford or John Travolta starring in Moon.I 've watched this film twice , once on the big screen and again as a DVD . It 's great both ways . Highly recommended .
 Sam Rockwell does an excellent job . In what is nearly a one man show , he manages to keep your interest while the story builds . Really good science fiction .
 Ok , ok , ok , this movie may not contain the most innovative plot . Heck , it might not even be that original . What this movie does , does and very , very well , is portray the feelings of the main character . This character is a lonely miner stuck on the moon . A man without any human interaction and working under a false assumption that he is himself . Through the movie he finds that what he thought was true is a lie , and then must deal with the emotional fallout of this realization . This is what this movie portrays so , so very well . So well , in fact , that you will feel his suffering and anger . Get this movie and see emotions on display with little being held back .
 Most of 2001 a Space Odyssey bored me to tears . That is until the final story . I loved it . Sam Rockwell in Moon tells a similarly eerie tale but with a faster pace . It begins with Sam on a highly automated mining base on the moon . It 's so automated , he 's the only employee there . He 's near the end of his three year contracted hitch when something goes amiss outside . He treks out there in a vehicle to investigate and crashes . Later he wakes in the infirmary , a very HAL-like explains that he 'd been critically injured and he needs to rest . But Sam wonders about the wreckage outside . The robot forbids hims to inspect it . Sam slips out , finds the crashed vehicle , and a survivor ... himself . From then on it gets wonderfully creepy and a bizarre mystery unfolds .
 I absolutely loved this movie and think it 's fantastic . I did n't know anything about it before I watched it and was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it . I appreciate the homages to other films -LRB- Blade Runner , Alien , and 2001 among them -RRB- and think that this ranks certainly in the top ten sci-fi movies I 've seen . And Sam Rockwell 's performance is spectacular ; the film is essentially his and his alone and he does a masterful job at negotiating the main character.This is a beautifully shot film , with a slow pace that builds up over time to create a stellar film .
 The moon has long been a fascinating neighbour in the universe with the Americans being the first to land there during the Apollo 11 mission when Neil Armstong was the first man to walk on the surface in 1969 . Duncan Jones ' directorial debut Moon sees our neighbour in the cosmos not only conquered but being harvested of its valuable resources to be sent back to Earth to replenish wilting supplies . Amidst this seemingly straightforward procedure is an intriguing sci-fi thriller that offers a fascinating puzzle.Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- , an employee of Lunar Industries , is on a three-year contract on the moon to oversee the harvesters that are drawing helium from beneath the moon 's surface . Sam 's job is to maintain the harvesters and to send canisters of helium back to Earth once they are filled . Sam 's is a lonely task with his only companion at the lunar base being an artificial intelligence system known as GERTY -LRB- delightfully voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- whose moods are transparent via a yellow face on its screen with the movable mouth revealing its current state of mind . Sam maintains irregular contact with his employers and with his wife , Tess -LRB- Dominique McElliott -RRB- , and the daughter he has never met , Eve . The film opens with Sam just two weeks from the end of his contract but with the luxury of returning home to his family so close , Sam 's mental state suddenly becomes frighteningly fragile and he is faced with a staggering revelation about the lunar base.Despite the communications with Earth this film is largely left to Sam Rockwell to carry alone though the presence of Kevin Spacey , in the guise of a robot , does help prevent monotony setting in . Sam 's daily activities are largely mundane and routine but with the end of his contract so close he begins to have strange hallucinations . First he sees a girl eating at a table , then while driving on the moon 's surface to inspect the harvesters he crashes his vehicle after seeing someone standing outside ! Waking in the infirmary Sam is informed to rest for a few days by GERTY and becomes suspicious when he eavesdrops on his companion talking to a board of directors from Lunar Industries who insist Sam can not go outside again . Sam manages to trick his way out of the lunar base and after locating his crashed vessel from earlier he finds a wounded astronaut aboard who looks identical to him ! The two Sams begin with a dislike of one another but gradually band together in figuring out what is happening on the moon and at the lunar base.To say any more about the storyline in Moon would give the game away but this is a perplexing sci-fi mystery as the two Sams do some exploring of the moon 's surface and discover some unwanted truths . GERTY is something of a mystery , a seemingly helpful assistant that obeys both Sam and the directors of Lunar Industries but I found myself suspicious of it as the film progressed . Kevin Spacey 's voice works brilliantly with the artificial intelligence , seemingly bereft of any emotion , just retaining a calm tone throughout even when trying to stop Sam from doing anything outside of Lunar Industries ' authorisation . Good as Spacey is , it is Rockwell that rises to the challenge of being forced to dominate the film and even in playing two versions of Sam there are obvious differences between the two . Watching one continue with seemingly no problems while the other slowly deteriorates into physical and mental collapse was tragic but at the same time enthralling.The only downside to Moon is the length of the film . After a good build up to Sam 's encounter with another version ofhimself the pace seemed to hasten about halfway through and the ending felt a little rushed with a potentially satisfactory outcome being hinted at rather than shown to us . That may seem harsh but it should n't deter anyone from giving this one a try . For a debut effort this is impressive stuff and it was made on a limited budget which makes the shots of the moon 's surface all the more impressive.Moon is a mind-boggling sci-fi mystery that begins slowly but soon gathers pace and although you may figure out the answers before they are revealed this will still keep you guessing how it will all turn out in the end . With stellar performances from Rockwell and Spacey this is an impressive debut from Jones who could be set for a fabulous career if he can maintain this standard .
 I have watched MOON a second time and it is still the great movie that it was when I first saw it.It 's amazing what you can do on a small budget.Some people will be annoyed at the many references to other scifi films but that is only a small point.Yes , the acting is superb but you also need a great director to make the film a winner.It is superbly directed so it is a must see film . Warning-don ' t watch the trailer or extras before seeing the film as too much of the secret is given away.I hate it when they tell you too much in the trailer.Also avoid the Director 's interview in the extras . You cringe listening to him say ` um ' every few seconds.Can ' t he give a talk without continuously saying ` um ' before every sentence.He must hold the world record for the number of times he uses this word in an interview.I hope he reads this review and learns from it .
 MOON is a moderately-far-future Science Fiction semi-action/adventure/mystery , which relates to the life of a solitary spaceman , on a `` three year mission '' , manning a Helium-3 mining outpost on the far side of the Moon . Things start off routinely enough ... but , after a bit , things become anything but routine.MOON is a perfect movie for DVD purchase ... you can watch it again and again - indeed , you really need to watch it several times to pick up on all the subtle nuances .
 Such a well made movie with a low budget . Not your typical `` Michael bay '' explosions sci-fi type of movie . I heard good things about it and decided to buy it . Well worth owning .
 Very good movie ! Good acting -LRB- Gerty included -RRB- . Good plot . Liked the score , the set , even the E-Lunar branding.Imagine working late in the office and calling your loved one to say good night . Now imagine this magnified 1095 times ... This is not an action movie . It is best watched on a quiet evening without interruptions . Snuggle with your loved one or you may feel very lonely.May cause tendency to reflection in impressionable individuals . In extreme cases , philosophical questions may pop up . Recommended treatment is exposure to ordinary TV programming.Could you be your own friend ? -LRB- 1095 = 365 * 3 -RRB-
 Spooky . I thought I had figured out what was happening , and so there was no big surprises due , but I was wrong . I had figured out what was discovered somewhere around the middle of the film , but not how it would play out to the end . Not even close . I was probably some confused by tastes of 2001
 In its depth , a kind of `` 2001 '' for the 21st century . No , it ca n't beat Kubrick 's 1968 `` Get Your Ticket To That Wheel In Space While There 's Time '' masterwork , but it 's a rarity in current SF films as it does n't pound you into the floor with 120 dB soundtrack and over-the-top CG . It actually makes you think . The Blu-Ray renders the lunar imagery as I could imagine -- crisp , stark , bright , empty . Rockwell 's a fabulous actor , too ! A must for serious science fiction collectors .
 wahey !! Its finally stopped asking me if Im over 13 !! Watched this the other night , unsure of what to expect . Its a sort of futuristic retrospective , redolent of all the films others have mentioned , and also of Space 1999 , and other Anderson-esque type offerings . Spacey is dull and emotionless at the best of times , making his work here as Gerty excellent casting ! Rockwell is excellent as he has little to go on here , carrying the film by the strenght of his perfomance . The premise is realistic , although one couldnt imagine any corporation no matter how stingy , only manning the operation with one bloke , of course WE know why this is the case , but even so ... . also the reaction of the characters to each other -LRB- trying not to give spoilers -RRB- is unusual , in the same situation , I would have spent the next 3 years WTF-ing and not so quickly fall into the rapid acceptance of their situation the characters do.Plotwise , -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- , my other main niggle would be the lack of explantion of the ilness suffered by Sam 1 . It shows all the hallmarks of radiation sickness which would be a believable by-product of his activities on the moon , as exposure to solar radiation or even mining by-products could explain this . The Director alludes to a Bladerunner type limited lifespan , but this is a much more Deus-et-machina explantion than the former , in my view . . anyway . . Ok , you can open your eyes now , yes , excellent low budget , well put together work , feels almost like you could present it as a stage play , good score , holds the attention even though there is a lack of aliens , explosions , chase scenes etc. . Go ahead and try it . Watch is with Silent Running or Dark Star and compare and contrast !! K
 In a time when most sci-fi flicks are littered with special effects to replace a good story , Moon is a great and surprising relief . This movie has a solid storyline and top-notch acting by Sam Rockwell . If you want a movie that captivates the mind , and also makes you feel a bit alone , this is your movie .
 At some point in the near future , astronaut Sam Rockwell comes face-to-face with himself and his own past and future while getting ready to return to earth after a three-year stint as an industrial miner on the moon , where he lives alone with an artificial intelligence . Over the last three years , normal communications with earth have been interrupted by a solar flare , meaning he can only receive pre-recorded messages . When a mining accident leaves him with choices to make about staying or returning to earth , he must weigh considerations about seeing his family and new-born daughter against his other values.Imagine combining stylistic elements from 2001
 what can I say . I suspect this is a movie you either love -LRB- like I do -RRB- or hate . I can not pinpoint exactly what attracts me to this movie but I have watched it several times and love each viewing . To many it is probably slow . I did n't necessarily like 2001
 The product description calls this a cerebral sci-fi film . I could n't come up with a better label . So , let it stand.Energy companies do n't have it easy these days . Whatever goes wrong with their honest attempts at making a buck and solving the Earth 's biggest problems will be thrown back at them through accusations and interrogations and committees.Lunar Industries does something great
 The Lunar Industries corporation has given the world cheap energy thanks to a helium-3 mining operation on the far side of the Moon . Helium-3 is mined by massive automated harvesters and freighted back to Earth . The operation is controlled by a single moonbase , Sarang . To keep costs down , the base is manned by only one man at a time , helped by the base 's artificial intelligence , GERTY.Sam Bell is nearing the end of his three-year stint on the Moon and is looking forward to returning home to his wife and daughter when he starts experiencing odd hallucinations and mood swings . Whilst driving out to repair a harvester , he is involved in an accident . Recovering back at the base , Bell is confused by the way GERTY is treating him , and the lengths the AI is taking to ensure he does n't leave the base ... Moon is the directorial debut by Duncan Jones , an old-school SF film very much in the vein of late 1970s/early 1980s movies such as Silent Running , Alien and Outland , including a very small cast , a strong visual look and some superb model work , with very little CGI present in the film at all . An absolutely brilliant Sam Rockwell is the only actor with significant screen time , although the Kevin Spacey-voided GERTY has a reasonable amount to do as well.Moon has a strong theme of isolation . Bell is alone on the dark side of the Moon , without even Earth on the horizon to look up to . The communications satellite is broken , meaning that communications with Earth are long , pain-staking and tedious . The fact that Bell is starting to hallucinate and see things is understandable given his sense of loneliness , but , as with all good SF movies , we are asked if there is something more to his visions than just good old insanity . Moon rewards at least two viewings , as the director expertly sets up some clues as to what is going on before the big revelation -LRB- which interestingly is n't a last-minute twist , but happens fairly early on with the rest of the story dedicated to exploring it in greater depth -RRB- . The movie poses some interesting questions on duality , our sense of self , and what defines a person . In this regard it is the best SF novel that Christopher Priest never wrote . The atmosphere is taut and claustrophobic , with occasional moments of black humour that work well . Jones uses the viewers ' likely experience of previous SF films against them
 I had been curious about this movie for awhile and was glad to have the opportunity to watch it.The key to the movie is Sam Rockwell who is effective and convincing as Sam Bell who is the only Moon based employee of a large corporation with a mining operation on the moon . Sam 's `` companion '' a computer named Gerty reminds one of `` 2001 A Space Odyssey ; '' there is a major point of deviation in the ending with Gerty responding very differently from the HAL computer during the climax of the story.The story starts as Sam is nearing completion of a three year contract and is more than ready to go home and see his wife and little girl . The suspense begins to build very nicely when it appears he 's not alone on the Moon and then hints begin to be dropped as to what might be actually going on and finally suspicions are confirmed by the end of the movie.If you are a science fiction fan I think you will definitely enjoy it ; I found it interesting and worth the time .
 WOW ! This film is a real sleeper . . I happened upon it via my Netflix on-demand subscription , and thought I would check it out given that Kevin Spacey was in it.I was very surprised to see an intelligent script , deep character development , excellent acting , and a generally engrossing movie.Duncan Jones -LRB- director and writer -RRB- is brilliant , and I ca n't wait to see his next project!Eoghan Odinsson , Award Winning Author of `` Northern Lore
 Initially , Moon might seem like a remake of2001 - A Space Odyssey - it even has a HAL-like computer called Gerty - but it takes a different turn . In fact , after the first half-hour , Moon is more about lunar technician Sam Bell 's mysterious origins than space exploration . The plot is surprisingly thick and takes some unexpected turns . I wo n't spoil it , but it 's definitely pretty cool.I love the ambience of the movie . The sterile , white setting really does seem like a realistic portrayal of man 's future in space . The eerie silence -LRB- there 's not much soundtrack -RRB- adds to the effect . Soon into the movie , you 'll feel like you ' r right there on the moon base.Overall , highly recommended . This did n't seem to get much attention in theaters , but it 's definitely one of the better and more original releases of 2009 .
 The Dark Side Of The Moon , The Future
 I watched this movie with several friends and we philosophized about its greater implications for several hours . Kevin Spacey does a smashing job !
 Moon is a sleeper moive , great idea and well played , if you are not a thinker and want blood and gutts this one is not for you
 I do n't understand why Sam Rockwell is n't more famous than he is . He is a better actor than George Clooney , and more charming than Brad Pitt . This is one of those movies that just about anything I could say about it would be a spoiler , so I wo n't say anything else but this -- if you love movies , this is one you need to see .
 Not as action packed as Alien or Avatar , Moon is a hard-to-define but worth-it space movie ! Do not watch it if you want action , explosions , gore , violence , etc. , but if you want a deep movie that will make you think , wonder , and truly `` feel '' for the main character , this is your flick . Sam Rockwell has totally earned my respect after this movie , and Kevin Spacey 's cold , robotic voice has never been better utilized than here . This is certainly one of the best low-key movies that I have seen in years , and is criminally underrated !
 Sam Rockwell was the crazy guy in Green Mile and others and he is very talented . His role in Iron Man 2 is key to it 's overall success . This movie shows even more of his abilities and is very interesting and rewarding to watch . I 'm becoming a real fan of this actor .
 This movie is close to , if not a complete masterpiece . Sam Rockwell delivers a stunning performance that will make you laugh , hurt , and possibly cry . Clint Mansell delivers a moving and fitting score which is well worth hearing and fits the atmosphere of the movie perfectly . The first time director , Duncan Jones -LRB- son of David Bowie -RRB- , really outdoes himself . I am looking forward to seeing his future productions .
 If ever there were a debut with an elephant in the room this is it . And , here , it 's an elephant which no-one seems to want to acknowledge
 The info says that effects look cheap on this movie , that 's not really the case it 's got decent effects and the moon outside scenes actually look pretty good . The blu ray version really brings out these effects to good effect too . But Sam Rockwell puts in a incredible performance by any standard . This is n't a slam bang science fiction movie -LRB- which are great too -RRB- it 's a intelligent thinking persons movie and It 's very well done . The story is a good one and it is not a slow movie at all . In fact this movie moved quite quickly for me . And Kevin Spacy really was able to make his character of the robot come to life . That 's hard to explain but his voice acting was incredible . The robots actions made sense and even the main character comes to see that this machine is more humane than the men who placed him on the moon . I have no doubt that fully sentient machines will evolve in the future and we will by then see them as more than machine in someways.Kevin spacey and the people who designed this robot have really done things right . The director too ; hopefully will keep on making more movies as he can really bring out alot of nuances in a film . This is n't a movie if you are looking for a action sci fi movie but it 's story would do well on the now gone classic show ` the outer limits '' -LRB- one of the few shows that both versions are highly regarded , the classic 60 's one and the excellent 90 's one -RRB- . This show also was in my opinion easy to understand and to relate to and that helps.Anyways this is a fine movie and it is a worthy addition to any sci fi fans library especially on blu ray . This has a short film as a bonus and other features such as ` the making of ' etc as well . A good flick that is better than some a movies due to it 's acting , and it shows how good a upper class b movie can be .
 Sci-Fi is often mixed into other genres . Action , horror , adventure . And plenty of good films continue to be made in all three . But pure thinking-man 's sci-fi is a truly rare commodity , and as such Moon stands out.The story is simple but no less profound in its implications because it is . The cast is small but the acting superb . The film was supposedly made on a relatively small budget but it never shows.I 'll let others speak to the plot and simply say
 `` Moon '' just entered that long list of movies , includingAlienandThe Island , in which the Evil Corporation treats human material as a consumable . You wo n't find bam-pow action in this movie . Instead , this thoughtful movie sneaks up on you and opens its secrets to you one by one.I do n't want to give away the movies revelations , since plot drives this movie rather than action or effects . Each new discovery unfolds more of the plot , down to a few lines captured from radio broadcasts at the very end.Although somewhat claustrophobic , `` Moon '' carries itself beautifully . It echoesSolarisin some ways , but replaces a mysterious external force with an all-too-understandable human one . I recommend this highly . -- wiredweird
 This film is more of a psychodrama than most sci-fi , and though it does have elements of 2001 , SOLARIS , and OUTLAND , it is n't a clone of any of them . Sam Rockwell delivers a superb performance as an astronaut in the ` near ' future , that may , or may not be going nuts , and may , or may not be alone during the last few weeks of a 3-year hitch , harvesting helium on the darkside of the moon . There are no big shoot-em-ups , no CGI-heavy effects , and the action is more internal than external . It may not be quite a classic of the genre , but it is definitely worth seeing a few times .
 Here is an intelligent sci-fi movie which will lead you to ask questions about certain areas of morality and existence . It includes a couple of main plot twists which occupy the majority of the movie . The appeal of this movie is n't the special effects or cinematography like many sci-fi movies -LRB- although both are perfectly adequate -RRB- , but the characterization and emotional turmoil of the main character , Sam Bell.For the past 3 years Sam has been alone at a station on the moon where they supply a significant portion of the Earth 's clean energy . It 's a worthy cause , although you eventually question the goodness of the company running the operation . Sam 's only companionship is Gerty , a computer which helps him run the station . Does Gerty have Sam 's interests and well-being in mind or not ? While Gerty is reminiscent of HAL from `` 2001
 Director Duncan Jones came up with a smart plot and a fine production with a low budget , but good enough to earn a place within the classics of the genre , and there is no question he intended a homage to2001 - A Space Odyssey . Sam Rockwell delivers an outstanding performance , but unfortunately it is not possible to go into the details without spoiling the story for those that have n't seen it yet -LRB- just like telling howThe Sixth Senseends , so you got to see it -RRB- . Despite the slow beginning , the story takes quite an unexpected turn -LRB- no spoiler again -RRB- , and Jones delivers quite an interesting movie , with less than a dozen actors and without the need of fast action or breathtaking special effects . This is a US$ 5 million film and Jones choose to make limited used of digital special effects , so they built a real size prop in the studio for the entire interior of the lunar base , and the exterior lunar landscape and vehicles and equipment were shot using good old miniature models , complemented with just a bit digital imaginary . Considering this is technology from the 70s the end result is amazing , and quite a reminiscence of the TV seriesSpace 1999 . I watched the DVD version on a 50 '' flat screen , and it is unbelievable the movie has such good image and realism without the taking full advantage of the latest digital SFX technology . My only complaint has to do with the images of Earth in the Moon horizon . I think they could have been better , as they look like old NASA pictures.Together withDistrict 9andAvatar , these flicks are the best of the 2009 sci-fi crop , and surely good candidates to become classics of the genre , so do n't miss it . As usual , this kind of movies are not a commercial hit in the box-office -LRB- Moon barely covered its cost -RRB- , so other than sci-fi buffs , I do recommend it also for lovers of good cinema in general . And finally for those curious about Duncan 's previous work , the DVD version I bought came with a short film directed by him called `` Whistle '' , interesting but not on par to `` Moon '' .
 This is Sam Rockwell 's film , make no mistake of it . There is rarely ever anyone else on-screen , and his role is complicated enough that he has to run the gamut of emotions in a very short frame of time . I can think of very few actors who can pull off this performance , and Rockwell is at the top of that list . Duncan Jones 's directing is superb , and Nathan Parker 's screenplay is almost flawless , but without Rockwell , this film would merely be a well-thought , intellectual mess.Rockwell plays Sam bell , an astronaut approaching the end of his three-year solo term on the moon . The time 's been getting to him , however ; he 's been all alone except for the company of a robotic construction -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey , and his voice is so perfect for the role , one wonders how he has n't done this before -RRB- . Sam begins seeing things ... and then he 's involved in an accident , and when he comes to , things just are n't the same . To say more would be to ruin the experience . And yet , here 's the great thing about MOON
 Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Roackwell -RRB- works on the moon for a company called Lunar Industries . In the distant future , the Earth 's natural resources are all used up . Lunar Industries has decided to farm the dark side of the moon for He3 which is then sent back to Earth to use to run the planet . Sam Bell 's job is to make sure all the equipment is running well . At the beginning of the movie we join Sam , who has 2 weeks left on a 3 year stint . The only source of comradery that Sam has , is his robot GERTY -LRB- voiced perfectly by Kevin Spacey -RRB- , who seems to be a distant relative of HAL from 2001
 This film was a nice little surprise . I missed it entirely when it hit the theater and only rented it because I saw a review on the web . Shot for only 5 million , this is a nice science fiction thriller . For the Transformers crowd , there are no big explosions or lasers . This is a character driven story with the only face you really see is Sam Rockwell . A few faces appear on monitors , and you get the voice of Kevin Spacey -LRB- very HAL -RRB- . It is hard to describe the movie without giving anything away . Earth has exhausted its resources , but on the moon they can mine Helium-3 which is a great energy source . Sam is alone on the moon for the last 3 years overseeing the automated mining operation . He is two weeks away from going back home . But then things start to go wrong and questions arise . Really a good performance by Sam , especially considering he had no one else to play off of . There were a couple of little plot holes that I noticed , but it takes away very little from a wonderful story . Anyone interested in a character driven story with a sci-fi touch , then this a great movie to pick up .
 `` Moon '' , the 2009 sci-fi independent film written and directed by Duncan Jones is a multi-award winning film which was shot for $ 5 million . Featuring a screenplay adaptation by Nathan Parker , composer Clint Mansell -LRB- `` Blood
 Moon is probably the best `` true '' science fiction movie to come into theaters in many years . What do I mean by true ? Well the science fiction genre has many facets to it . You have the space opera -LRB- Star Wars , Fifth Element , etc -RRB- , the stellar exploration -LRB- 2001 , Destination Moon , etc -RRB- , the monster movie -LRB- Cloverfield , Alien , etc -RRB- , cyber punk -LRB- The Matrix , Ghost in the Shell -RRB- , and a few other categories that all make up the sci-fi genre . While all are considered sci-fi what many fans call a true science fiction is one where the story moves beyond the confines of a futuristic setting or technology . When a science fiction concept is placed in a situation that really gets you thinking is that these fans are hungry for , and Moon is the perfect meal for what they crave.Moon is not an action film so do n't expect Bruckheimer-esque explosions or flashing guns . Moon is a drama at the highest sense of the word . The unfolding story is dramatic . Dramatic in a what they can really mess with your head if you really stop and think about it . Moon is about a single man working in a mining facility on -LRB- of course -RRB- the moon . Just when he is about to finish his three year assignment everything he knew falls horribly out of control . There is of course a plot twist that brings this about , but the masterful way director Duncan Jones presents it makes the twist itself less surprising than the implications that it represents . We are talking a major screwing around with your thoughts and emotions . I do n't want to ruin it for you and I really recommend you NOT to try and find out before you see the movie . It really will spoil the effect for you.Speaking of effect the movie has a top notch production on both sets and special effects . Moon 's budget is reported to be a minuscule $ 5 million , however the movie looks like it was made with ten times that amount . The sets are very convincing and make you believe there can actually be a moon facility . The style is very much like Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 or the first two Alien movies . Absolutely no computer generated special effects are in this film . The sets are really built . The moon and the buildings/vehicles on it are actual models . Everything is done with practical techniques and the results are more impressive than many CG-heavy films made today . In other words eye candy.There is essentially one actor in the movie and that 's Sam Rockwell . Playing the character that has , oh lets say 99.9 % of the screen time , Sam has to really carry the movie all on his own . This he does with gusto . Rockwell makes this movie just as much as the impressive sets and excellent script . You also get Kevin Spacey 's voice as the station 's computer , GERTY . You can think 2001 's HAL with a bit more personality and charm.This movie has such a wonderful combination of style and substance . Add to that the fact it 's an independent film made with a budget that would n't even pay for an A-list actor . If this underdog story can get any more endearing I have no idea how . Moon has made its money in worldwide box office sales and never was shown in much more than 250 theaters . What 's even cooler is as of this writing Moon is still being shown in a few theaters . Better still in the month of October it 's been increasing both it 's theater count and box office draw . Amazing for a movie that was released in June.Despite Moon 's longevity in the box office odds are you may have missed this film 's theatrical release altogether considering how low the theater count has been . Now you have a perfect opportunity to see this amazing film for yourself . The DVD release I know more about is the U.K. release , which comes about a month before the U.S. release . Here 's what I found what is coming on the U.K. DVD : - 2.40:1 Anamorphic Widescreen - English Dolby Digital 5.1 - English and Hindu subtitles - Two commentaries with Director Duncan Jones on other production staff members - `` Whistle '' a short sci-fi film made by Duncan Jones back in 2000 . - Documentary `` The Making of Moon '' - Documentary `` Creating the Visual Effects '' - Science Center Q&A ; with Director Duncan Jones - Filmmaker 's Q&A ; at the Sundance Film FestivalThere is also a Blu-Ray release that has a couple extra features and more audio/subtitle options . As for if the U.S. release being the same as the British release I see no reason why it would n't considering how incredibly easier it would be to port that release -LRB- aside from changing the region code -RRB- than to produce a completely different compilation . Keep an eye out for announcements around the holidays , folks.If you are a science fiction fan , a true science fiction fan , then you absolutely must see this movie . Trust me . It 's right up there with Blade Runner , 2001 , Gattaca and other great sci-fi dramas . If you like dramas I think you should check this movie out too , and do n't be afraid of the fact it 's in outer space . The story that you get from this `` space '' movie will be far greater than you reluctance to trust in a good sci-fi drama . For the rest of you if you love a good story that will make you think and do n't mind it not being your standard popcorn movie I say give it a shot . You wo n't be sorry .
 `` Moon '' is that refreshing but rare treat -- a solidly entertaining science fiction film that does n't fall into the traps of corny special effects and cardboard acting so unfortunately associated with the genre . The film breaks down the genre with a simple , character-driven story that could almost be executed as a play ; the cast of characters and number of sets are at an absolute minimum . This should not discourage you from seeing it ; to the contrary , `` Moon '' is a taut , tense thriller that grows in intensity as the film progresses and builds to a fever pitch.The plot revolves around Sam Bell , a man whose long shift of duty at a lunar base is coming to an end . And then something strange happens . Do yourself a favor and read nothing else about the film before seeing it ; to summarize the plot any further than I have is to do the film a disservice . Give yourself to this film and enjoy the ride ; the twists and turns it takes are absolutely worth it . Everything about this film is spot-on . Sam Rockwell 's acting is impeccable , the direction is tight and sharp , and Clint Mansell 's score brings a haunting atmosphere to this dark and compelling film.Science fiction is not a particularly successful or popular genre , and sometimes it is easy to understand why . Too often science fiction films focus on the special effects and the technology and the aliens , and not on telling good stories about real people . How refreshing to see a film like `` Moon '' that employs the use of such great talent to a genre that , quite frankly , could use the help . Whether you 're a die-hard sci-fi fan or a skeptic to the genre , give `` Moon '' a go . It just might restore your faith .
 I dont buy many movies , and there are fewer that I like to watch repeatedly . I have watched this film at least a dozen times since I bought it . It is an intricate story made on a shoe string budget -LRB- from what they say on the behind the scenes chapters -RRB- , I cant say enough good things about this film . Well worth the money .
 I rated this movie 5 stars because it delivered more than expected when I picked it up . While it is a science fiction film , there are no aliens or monsters or viruses running rampant . What this film is is a drama and/or mystery . This film is intelligently done and very well acted . The special effects are few , basically moon vehicles on a moonscape . Pay attention to what is going on and you watch the plot unfold and the protagonist disentagrate . I liked this move and would recommend it , although it lacks action and is n't a thrill a minute roller coaster ride .
 I love the basic idea here -LRB- wo n't spoil it with details -RRB- , but by the time it was revealed and started to flower , we were rather bored . It then got very interesting and thought-provoking , however , so if you can wait for about 45 minutes there is a fine payoff . If it had been revealed early on and then played out with more time , I think this would be a truly classic film.Rockwell certainly is good here , though of course I ca n't really detail that comment without spoliers!I was overly reminded of 2001 and Blade Runner a little too often , especially the latter towards the end here . But , those are fine progenitors to have , so fair enough . The director is to be complimented for such a fine job on a pretty small budget , in any case , and for getting a great performance from Sam.In short , if you like character peices and/or sci-fi , this is well worth checking out.The blu-ray is excellent , btw , with a nice transfer and a bunch of good extras , including two commentaries , a few little docs , and a rather good short film by Jones , quite decent in its own right , with some very fine footage of Swiss locales and an interesting plot.All in all , a nice little package for a unique film .
 WARNING ! SPOILERS AHEAD ! WARNING ! SPOILERS AHEAD!THE FILM
 I did n't have a clue what was going to happen in this movie and that is how I like it ! Granted , the film-makers borrowed from other films and stories but it is done with such fine acting , writing and direction that the thought did n't occur to me till after the film was over . Yet , I still loved it . If you want to see how someone who cares about telling a story on film and can engage your interest , check this out . If you hate science fiction or like to have everything spelled out to you along the way in the film so you do n't have to think then this film may not be for you . The budget is rather modest but they do the best job you could ask of any film-makers . Not a masterpiece but a movie worthy of your time . Even if you dislike it , you will have something to think about .
 Duncan Jones makes an auspicious feature film debut with `` Moon '' , which draws on the sci-fi flicks of Jones ' youth in the 1970s and early 1980s for its tone and existential themes . Sometime in the near future , Earth relies on Helium-3 fusion for much of its energy supply . The He-3 is collected by Lunar Industries from a mining base on the dark side of the moon . The Sarang Mining Base has a human staff of one , who is responsible for maintenance of the harvesters . That man is Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- . He is assisted by a creepily polite robot named GERTY -LRB- voice of Kevin Spacey -RRB- . Sam 's 3-year contract will be up in 2 weeks , and he ca n't wait to get back to his family on Earth . But Sam starts seeing things . He has an accident while tending to one of the harvesters . It begins to look like things at Sarang may not be what they seem.GERTY is reminiscent of HAL of `` 2001 '' fame . `` Moon '' is n't coy about alluding to other films , but the allusions are more often used to create an expectation in the viewer that will later be challenged than to simply imitate . `` Moon '' goes in a different direction . It was made on an impressive $ 5 million dollars , shot in only 33 days , and spent a year in post-production . A tiny budget for sci-fi , but it looks like a lot more . There are 400 effects shots , but most of the moon scenes are done with miniatures . Miniature models always look better than CGI , especially since they can now be cleaned up digitally . Sam Rockwell deserves praise for being able to carry the film with no one to talk to but himself . `` Moon '' has some lose ends that do n't add up , but that does n't distract from the unique environment and suspense that make it so appealing.The DVD -LRB- Sony 2010 -RRB-
 I had read about this movie at wikipedia and thought it sounded interesting so I ordered it . It came in yesterday and I watched it this morning . It was all that I hoped it would be . It 's true that if you liked Solaris you will like this . Sam Rockwell did an excellent job . I enjoyed the movie from start to finish . The acting was superb and the plot holds your interest . I find it amazing that this movie grossed so little world wide . It must have been poor marketing . I seldom recommend movies here but this is one I do . ENJOY !
 I 'm not going to issue any spoilers because this movie is best walking into without any idea of what the plot is , because you 'll be more surprised and on the edge of your seat wondering what 's going to happen next . I know i 'm using two references to compare to Moon , but that to some people might be likeSphereand2001
 Moon will be deemed a science fiction classic in the years ahead without a doubt . The stunning Duncan Jones featurette was quite a well written , well-directed , and a very well-acted movie . The Clint Mansell music score is wonderful . The lunar and space visual special effects are a part of the movie 's triumph . It is unfortuante that so many have to wait to get this on DVD . It merited a much stronger promotion in theaters . I strongly recommend the DVD purchase to those who think in near-term futuristic terms.Sam Rockwell 's performance as a lunar-miner astronaut is outstanding . He carries the movie almost solo and keeps you wondering throughout . Kevin Spacey 's voice as the robot Gerty provides a strong supporting charcter . Yet the notion of lunar mining for He3 is realistic along with the sinister plot -LRB- that I will not disclose to readers and potential viewers -RRB- . This is a movie most sci-fi fans will want to watch more than once . Moon is a movie I will gladly share with friends and associates because it is such a creative and innovative piece of art set in the not-so-distant science and energy technology potential of mid-21st Century . It is worth every penny to add to the BlueRay library . Again , I strongly recommend this astounding Duncan Jones masterpiece . Whether you buy or rent or borrow , do take the time to watch and enjoy it . There is a lot of ` take away ' from this 1.5 hour film.I also recommend the Clint Mansell CD for the music as well .
 I still ca n't figure out how come after years of disappointing , mind numbing sci-fi movies -LRB- Star Wars new series included -RRB- , here come District 9 and Moon made almost at the same time!If you are a fan of washed out big budget blockbusters , this is not a movie you will enjoy.If you are looking for an intriguing , thought provoking , well acted , spooky sci-fi you will be delighted !
 Great movies , like most great art , are the result of thousands of great decisions . In the case of Moon by Duncan Jones
 This took my surprise re
 Obviously this was a low budget movie , but it the plot is anything but cheap . The characters , there 's only one human character -LRB- or is there ? -RRB- and then the computer that is our hero 's sole companion are done very well . There is a lot of emotion in the story .
 So I wandered over to a friend 's house and they had an interesting looking movie playing called Moon . On the surface , it looked very similar to 2001
 This movie is awesome . SPOILER WARNING !!! however it seems a wasted opportunity as they could have made it more thrilling by elaborating on his hallucinations . For example , at the beginning , they should have shown fellow crewmates that Sam would interact with -LRB- making the audience believe that they are real -RRB- and sometime soon it would be revealed that they are all his hallucinations.Then they should have introduced the clone into the mix without giving right away that he is a clone -LRB- as its done in the movie -RRB- and lead the audience to think that the clone is also imaginary.Until , the clone figures out whats going on and embarks on a mission to `` wake up '' the original Sam to make him realize that the clone is infact real and all other crew is hallucinations .
 Those who assume that all science fiction films have to be about explosions and monsters find this one boring . No doubt they would find Kubrick 's 2001 boring , too . Go buy a light sabre , lads , and play together on the stairs.If , however , you like taut atmosphere , spare acting , tight direction , claustrophobic settings and a plot that you have to work out for yourself - you will love it , too .
 If you 're a fan of Blade Runner , 2001 , Silent Running , Outland , Alien , and the countless other dystopian sci-fi films that relied more heavily on ideas than laser guns , this is your flick . Sam Rockwell give 's the performance -LRB- s -RRB- of his career . As a directorial debut , Jones knocks it out of the park . My one minor gripe was Kevin Spacey , who voiced a Hal 9000 type computer
 Duncan Jones , director and co-writer of Moon , has a lot to live up to . His father is legendary glam rocker and consummate performer David Bowie . While not exactly following in the footsteps of his old man , when you 're the heir of such talent and originality a lot is expected of you . Add to that the weight of making a movie that nearly completely surrounds one actor , and the chips do n't exactly seem stacked in your favor . Duncan Jones , though , handles the pressure admirable and creates a modern sci-fi masterpiece.Astronaut Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- has been on the moon for nearly three years harvesting Helium 3 to send back to Earth to help solve the energy crisis , alone except for the moon base 's computer GERTY -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- , and unable to make live transmissions to earth due to a faulty satellite . Nearing the end of his service , and preparing to return home , Sam gets into an accident with a Moon Rover when he goes out to fix a harvester . After being treated , Sam goes to check on possible meteor damage , but things start to go awry when Sam finds a crashed Moon Rover with a barely living Sam in it.As I 've stated before , in my opinion science fiction is at it 's best when it 's trying to relate to the world around us . Duncan Jones , and first time screenwriter Nathan Park , create a believable future in which an energy crisis on earth dictates the need for another energy source off planet . In so doing , the premise leads to an indictment of the corporate world 's lack of sanctity in human life . The screenplay is masterfully written , creating real characters that you feel for , in a very real world.Among what really makes this film pop is the visual style and the special effects . Duncan realized the Moon base in a visual style reminiscent of the Nostromo in Alien , giving us something to latch on to in science fiction . Also adding to the realism , just like in Alien , is that fact that we 're not seeing an amazingly clean , bright future , but a real , and somewhat gritty future . For a film made on the cheap during the writers strike over a period of only 33 days , the special effects look more real than most of big blockbusters that have come out this past summer . One of the reasons for this is because rather than use CGI to render the outside scenes and special effect , Jones chose to use miniatures and visual effects lending more realism to scenes that could have possibly looked cartoonish and taken away from the gritty dramatic feel of the rest of the film.What really shines through in this film though is the acting . Sam Rockwell is a real tour de force playing two sides of the same coin . Playing the Sam who has been on the Moon he plays a calmer more plaintive version of Sam , and in playing the new Sam to arrive on the Moon base Rockwell plays him as an arrogant hothead . Never at any point do we get the feeling that these two characters are talking to air , or that they are n't in the same room , Rockwell 's interactions with himself always feel genuine and believable , which is hard to attain , especially when practically the whole movie requires him to act against an actor who is n't there.This is one of the rare films I do n't have anything bad to say about . I highly recommend this film if you like science fiction , but unlike most sci-fi that comes out nowadays , this is n't an action packed extravaganza . This is a great character study with subtext that you can grab hold of . But even more than that , it 's a very entertaining ride ! 5/5
 The one and only drawback of a truly great movie , like debut director Duncan Jones ' Moon , is that it is a film which unravels in a way that makes it difficult to talk about without giving away significant plot points that are better left unsaid for any viewer . In fact , I 'll say now that while I certainly do not plan to give away key details , I still caution potential readers here that the film is likely more effective if you know absolutely nothing about it at all going in . Duncan Jones is an English filmmaker who is young enough that we can expect many more intelligent and engaging films from him in the near future . He is also the son of musician David Bowie , of who I am a huge fan.Moon is a film that stars a nearly solitary Sam Rockwell in what is actually more than just another great performance in a nearly immaculate acting career ; this is Rockwell 's best work and it would be a shame if he was not nominated for the Oscar for best actor . Rockwell 's character is the everyman Sam Bell and he is accompanied throughout the movie by his kindly robot friend voiced by Kevin Spacey . There was a time when Spacey was the best actor in the business so it 's nice to see him at least voice a character in an inspired film like this . Anyway , all these elements I knew going in and I thought I was going to watch something like 2001
 `` Moon '' does precisely what a good Sci-Fi should do
 In addition to the masterful acting and great performances , I really have to credit the writer -LRB- s -RRB- of this script with the important philisophical and societal statement they make about the future psychopathic behavior of the privatized corporation controlling deep-space exploration and operations.What we see portrayed in the film is really horrific . That a for profit company could master the science of manipulating human beings , duplicating them , and treating them like robots . And making those robots think and feel they are human , only to violate , crush and shatter the existence of each and every one , on schedule , without end , from here to eternity.There is a seemingly endless list of the evil and psychopathic behavior the modern corporation is capable of and actively pursues and accomplishes . Most of these were categorized neatly and convincingly in the documentary `` The Corporation '' in 2004 . But the scary and probable future evolution of this evil in society is chillingly and effectively portrayed in this fictional film . - a robot with an all too advanced human interaction -LRB- custom designed emoticon faces and voice tones , no less -RRB- specifically designed to manipulate a human so completely as to isolate them from the rest of humanity and micromanage them to a optimal production point from their birth to their death - a mass produced human droid mix making individual REAL human beings irrelevant . Why use real human beings , or give them any shot at these positions when robots are so much safer , cheaper , more consistent and of course , most importantly , more obedient and expendable ? - A completely manufactured life story and identity in a series of videos , and other stimuli , to hypnotize a human like being into thinking and feeling real when they are not.The level of psychopathy and evil described here and portrayed in the movie is so massive , so unthinkable , it is really quite stunning.But at the point near the end of the film that you catch on that he 's not really human , he 's not really going home , this has all been an expertly manufactured charade , for the sake of production and profit , you feel spiritually violated , disgusted and horrified at the inhumanity corporations have made us collectively capable of.Folks , this is a scary and all too realistic future glimpse into our society , the way it is and the way it is headed with corporations running things with unchecked power . If humans are irrelevant for space exploration and fuel missions , why stop there ? What 's to say that what was going on down on earth during the same time period of that film was n't even scarier ? What other professions , functions , geographical regions , etc. did corporations -LRB- or in our current tense WILL corporations -RRB- decide individual humanity does n't or should n't have a role in and shove us aside?What if it 's decided that more perfectly manipulated and manufactured humans are the only ones fit to serve in Congress , to be policemen , to be teachers ? And each one with an iphone in their pocket , and an earpiece talking to them with Gerty 's voice , guiding them along the perfectly optimal corporate manipulated path to make their makers rich?This also brings to mind the movie `` Surrogates '' with Bruce Willis . Gee , if we can all be perfect , better , and invincible , living through a robot who can be or look like anyone we want , why leave home , why leave bed ? Just let THEM do it all for us!Modern technology has accomplished some awesome things , but we are on the threshold with run-amok technology with no limits and no checks , of losing our humanity , our privacy , the quality of our lives , and genuine freedom.This film helped give an excellent glimpse into that scary future , and I hope among the other revered qualities of the film , this topic and that glimpse are discussed and taken seriously.Oh and on an artistic note , the music score by Clint Mansell is the perfect musical accompaniment to the insanity the main character is put through . A seemingly progressive upbeat piano melody , reminiscent of hard work and progress , haunted and interrupted by occasional off key aberrations signifying the insanity of the situation , eventually overtaken by the spooky space tones , signifying the realization of being perfectly controlled , isolated and eventually discarded . Bravo .
 I did n't know what to expect , but this turned out to be a very well done little movie , with plot twists that you would never anticipate . Go see it .
 Moon -LRB- 2009 -RRB- Drama , Mystery , Science Fiction , 97 minutesDirected by Duncan JonesStarring Sam Rockwell and the voice of Kevin SpaceyDo you remember a time when science fiction movies relied on a strong story rather than showy special effects ? That 's what Moon achieves . Most of the acting is performed by Sam Rockwell , although he interacts with the voice of Kevin Spacey and a couple of other actors.The setting is the far side of the moon and Sam Bell -LRB- Rockwell -RRB- is mining for Helium 3 , which supplies 70 percent of Earth 's energy needs . His only companion is GERTY -LRB- Spacey -RRB- , who resembles the HAL 9000 computer from 2001
 When people hear the term `` science fiction '' they immediately think of an adventure genre , like fantasy or westerns , with an outer space setting . There is nothing wrong with such movies that set out primarily to entertain , and I enjoy them as much as anyone else . But largely ignored since the 1960s , the heyday of social consciousness and space exploration , is the sub-genre of hard science fiction . Hard SF focuses as much on the technical details of the `` science '' aspect -LRB- often ignored to a degree of outright implausibility in outer space adventure stories -RRB- while at the same time using the concepts of exploration and technological innovation to ask poignant philosophical questions about the human condition.Roger Ebert called the movie Moon `` a superior example of that threatened genre , hard science-fiction , '' and I could n't agree more . The movie was directed by Duncan Jones , the son of David Bowie , and it 's masterful . I 've watched it five times now and its mind-bending premise addresses one of the most sensitive scientific advances of our time , and explores the steep impact such innovation has on the very definition of what we consider human.I do n't want to go into too much detail about the plot for fear of giving too much away . The basic premise is simple . A man named Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- is stationed on the Moon for the purposes of monitoring a Helium-3 refinery . He is the only person manning the station . His only companion is a robot named Gerty -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- . Due to a communications tower failure , he can only communicate with his wife and daughter , and his employers , on a time delay message delivery system . This causes extreme isolation for Sam . He looks forward to the end of his three-year stint on the lunar base , but suffering from exhaustion he begins to experience hallucinations and ultimately crashes in an accident . Sam awakens some time later and is restricted to the base by Gerty in order to recover from his injuries . However , Sam eventually manages to convince Gerty to let him out of the base , and Sam returns to investigate the crash site where he discovers someone eerily familiar.It is rare to find a film in the genre these days that elicits the type of emotional reactions that are usually reserved for fine drama . There is nothing wrong with Star Wars , the Fifth Element , or Avatar . Action-oriented science fiction films , despite their decided lack of emphasis on actual science , are entertaining and can impart lessons in their own right . However , they often sacrifice poignancy and aesthetic quality for the sake of box office receipts . 2001
 I 've seen this movie twice now . The last time was not a month ago . Now I want to see it again.For me this movie is great because a number of things of course.I really love the interior . If I would to build a new house , this is what it would look like on the inside . It 's so , `` Space '' . . The way they made the `` characters '' interact with eachother is outstanding . VERY nicely done . You have to look very closley to find any flaws there.Thumbs up guys , you 've done a gret job!Glenn from Sweden
 Moon is something of an oddity to be sure . In the realm of the science fiction film genre , many films usually occupy the sub-genre of alien invasions/contacts , interstellar travel , etc. . Now and then however , a few films will pop up in the genre that akin more to the kind of hard science fiction that 2001
 `` Moon '' is brilliant ! This is how the story goes
 This is an interesting and thoughtful character study of a lonely man on a lunar mining outpost . He finds out after a while that ... spoilers ahead ... he is simply one in a long line of clones of the original Sam Bell , who apparently died some time ago . The clones are of course not supposed to be aware that they are clones , nor are they to know that there are many more just like them . This is the central conflict.More could have been done with the emotional complications that would ensue if any of us discovered multiple copies of ourselves . We would feel threatened and frightened . Sam shows some of this , though not quite enough.Still , this is a fascinating look at loneliness and corporate exploitation .
 I really enjoyed this film a lot . I was worried that it was just going to be a re-working of the 70 's film `` Silent Running '' , but after the first 15 minutes or so you realize that this is a very different story . Sam Rockwell is great in the film as he pretty much has to carry the whole thing . As others have mentioned there are a few plot problems , the main one being why someone would be stationed all alone in a situation like this in the first place . Overall though I did not have too many issues with these things for the most part . I wo n't give any of the plot away , but if you like thoughtful science fiction that is not an action picture I would think you would like this .
 Normally it does n't bother me that much if I run into a spoiler or two before I see a movie , but I knew just enough about Moon to know I did not want this one spoiled for me ! And oh , am I glad I stuck to that . While it 's definitely possible to guess at some of the movie 's secrets , it still makes a difference to have them revealed at the right time . And even if you guess at some of the twists , I think some of the ways in which the plot works itself out will still surprise you.Most of the movie revolves around Sam , who 's manning a lonely station on the moon , and the calm computer that watches over him -LRB- Kevin Spacey , in some ways doing his best HAL impression , but managing to do quite a bit with the part -RRB- . It 's hard to imagine a movie that mostly consists of a guy in a room , but that 's much of what we have here -- and not only does it work , it 's riveting ! That 's the brilliance and quality of both the acting and script .
 MOON is one of those rare gems of a movie that do not come along very often . Unexpected would be the word that describes the feeling I had when I first saw it . I did not expect such an excellent movie . Many films that have far larger budgets miss the mark , but MOON nails it dead on . The performances by Sam Rockwell and Kevin Spacey are nothing short of tremendous . The obvious nod to 2001
 Judging from the advertisements , Moon seemed to be about a man going slowly insane on , well , the moon . I assumed it was more of a movie like Event Horizon , where a lonely person stumbles on some mind-blasting truth . Fortunately , I was wrong.Actually , that 's an accurate description of the film - it 's jut that the mind-blasting truth is eminently relatable and human . Moon 's a lot more complicated than it looks.Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- is the sole inhabitant of a moon base dedicated to mining Helium-3 for Lunar Industries . His companion is GERTY -LRB- Kevin Spacey -RRB- , a ceiling-hung robot that expresses itself through emoticons . For three years , Sam has overseen the various mining robots , worked on his wooden models , talked to his plants , and longed to be reunited with his wife Tess -LRB- Dominique McElligott -RRB- and daughter Eve -LRB- Rosie Shaw -RRB- . With his time up , he 's ready to go home . The catch is that Sam perceives everything through a filtered lens - even his transmissions to Earth are delayed . Sam is n't just alone for three months ; he 's alone without any synchronous human contact.Red herrings abound . It 's easy to focus on the HAL-like robot GERTY , a major character and foil for Sam . How can you trust something that sounds so benign as Kevin Spacey ? Ironically , GERTY is one of the most human characters on the base.Moon 's twist is n't in the revelation of The Truth , but in its implications . Moon questions who Sam is , what he represents , and what makes him - and us - human . We are , the director seems to say , defined by our memories , and that 's enough to fuel us in our daily grind . Sam is every worker who has been at it for years , always waiting for the next big break , the next reorganization , the next lotto ticket that will get him out of the crappy dead end job . It 's a lot like Memento , high praise for a film that cost just $ 5 million to produce.The fun is in watching Sam deal with the truth of his situation and how he rises above it -LRB- or succumbs to it -RRB- . Moon is littered with clues , making it worth another view . This is a tightly crafted , smart film that takes a single science fiction element and explores it thoroughly .
 Sam Bell has a problem . There 's a guy on the base that is his identical twin -- and he 's an only child.This would be a good tagline for Duncan Jones ' MOON.This Clone/Outer Space tale is very well made , very well-acted and original enough to hold your attention.Sam Rockwell puts in an amazing performance playing multiple clones with different levels of awareness and experience ` being awake ' . The plot unfolds at a nice pace and secrets are not revealed haphazardly ; but precisely at the right moment , where they will produce the most UMPH for the buck . Sam Bell has a robot helper named GERTY who is voiced excellently by Kevin Spacey.The special effects of showing the actor Sam Rockwell standing next to and interacting with himself as another clone were seamless . No cheesy split-screens here - you honestly can not tell that he is not there with himself . Awesome technology and artistry . Which brings us to the music - a lovely , eerie score pumps up the emotion of the film and really adds atmosphere to this alien landscape.Funny note
 I just watched it on DVD today . I do n't how this movie missed being a sensation . I guess because it is n't dominated by special effects at the expense of story like Avatar . Sam Rockwell was amazing and not only was the story captivating and engaging the production design was just about perfect . This is one of those rare sci-fi movies where the special effects supports the story rather becomes the story .
 This is purely a review of the film movie and is no way indicative of the quality of the Blu-ray release.This movie was amazing . Definately the best movie I have seen in the last year . Sam Rockwell 's acting in this film is purely amazing . I wish this film had gained a wider distribution because I believe a lot of people would be talking about it . Jones ' writing and directing are very good as well . Theres nothing bad I can say about this movie . BUY BUY BUY
 Here is a job you might be interested . Three years in a lonely mining station on the moon , harvesting and sending to Earth helium-3 , new energy resources for the futuristic society . You are totally alone during the time and a super-intelligent computer GERTY will maintain the entire facility and also take care of you.Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell , terrific as always -RRB- is the current worker . His three year stint is coming to an end and he is looking forward to meeting his wife Tess left on Earth again . But Sam realizes something is not right about this mission . He is not feeling well these days , and there are a few other things Sam is yet to know about the isolated station he has been living in.The visuals and narrative of `` Moon '' harkens back to an old-fashioned style of sci-fi films like Douglas Trumbull 's `` Silent Running , '' films made with a low budget but whose creators had a lot of imagination . The interesting stories have a message or two about our society , which is thought-provoking , but not preachy . Incidentally , `` Moon '' is directed by Duncan Jones , son of the star of `` The Man Who Fell to Earth . '' `` Moon '' is part mystery and part sci-fi , but the film 's success is due to the dramatic tension between the characters including the computer GERTY -LRB- voice by Kevin Spacey -RRB- . Maybe not the most scientifically accurate film , but `` Moon '' offers an interesting story and unique visions of the future .
 Going into `` Moon , '' I had a preconceived idea of what was going to happen based on the first five minutes . I thought this would be another paint-by-numbers predictable SF movie , another `` Carnival of Souls '' in space . Instead , `` Moon '' delivers an original movie , with a bit of `` Carnival of Souls , '' `` Blade Runner , '' and even `` Outland '' thrown in the mix.What really makes the movie is the actors . In a film where we 're stuck in a moonbase with two characters for an hour and forty minutes , the actors had better be good and had better be well-written . The script , and Rockwell and Spacey , deliver . The `` two-man show '' is one of the most difficult bits of drama to pull off , and they manage to do it very well . In another refreshing turn , the ending is happier and more optimistic than I had expected . I do n't need a happy ending every time , but I also do n't need every movie to have a downer 70s German film style ending either . While this is not a hugely effects-driven movie , most of the effects look great , as if they were part of a much higher-budget movie . My one geek quibble is that , the entire movie , everything takes place at Earth gravity , which is fine . To do otherwise would have cost 20 times the money . But at the very end , all of a sudden there is some lunar gravity reflected in how a person moves around the lunar surface in a spacesuit . That 's no reason to not watch the movie , but it 's jarring enough to take you out of the suspension of disbelief and make you think about the gravity and not the movie.The pacing of `` Moon '' is deliberate , perhaps too much so . I would have cut 10 minutes or so out in order to get this down to the magic 90 minute mark . However , `` Moon '' does n't go on overly long or wear out its welcome.SF lovers , and probably the population at large , will enjoy at least renting `` Moon . ''
 Moon , a pensive and spare sci-fi film , may not have much cross genre appeal - it 's too slow and opaque for that - but , for those who enjoyedSolaris -LRB- er , the book -RRB- ,2001 - A Space Odyssey -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- -LRB- uh , the movie -RRB- and other thoughtful sci-fi classics , this will be a treat indeed.Unfortunately , much of the plot is best kept secret , as there are great narrative moments which hinge entirely on the revelations encountered by Moon 's solitary protagonist , Sam Bell -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- . Sam , bedraggled , lonely and infinitely bored , is just nearing the last two weeks of his three-year contract on the moon , where he manages an energy harvesting base station . It is the near future , and Lunar Industries has solved Earth 's energy crisis with a new source of clean fuel
 This was a great movie ! It 's a SciFi movie with an outstanding `` emotional twist '' . Sam Rockwell carries the entire movie by himself and is worth watching from beginning to end.The movie moves quickly through the story and never leaves you bored .
 I have no idea why this movie was never seen in theaters . While you have some of the more boring high-budget films out there , this one slipped through the cracks because it 's an independent film , but it does n't seem like it . Sam Rockwell does an incredible job of portraying different aspects of the character , and Kevin Spacey really puts a lot into his vocal work for Sam 's only companion , a robotic assistant.The special effects here are top notch , but it 's the story that takes center stage . There were several times when I thought I would know what was going to happen , but the story would turn from there . I honestly never saw the ending coming , and that made it much more satisfying .
 From The New Leaf , my blog on books and the occasional movie
 This is a really inventive film . If you like a good mystery this film will deliver . As it says in other reviews , it is not an action film . It is more of a psychological thriller .
 So you have a movie script that ultimately calls for two primary actors , and two others just for garnish here and there . Think you can swing it ? Worked for the White Stripes , why should n't it work for movies ? It absolutely works for Moon . Sam Rockwell 's progression into paranoia , mental breakdown , conspiracy , physical breakdown proves that in this day in age of movies that cost more than the GDP of 50 % of the nations on Earth , that you can still make an absolutely rock solid low budget flick.I would not say it is for everybody . you must be able to deal with a quiet , emotional and psychologically driven story with relaxed pacing and little REAL action to be able to grasp this movie , as it is in no way shape or form an action or horror film . It is however a very rewarding experience in absolutely minimalist story telling , as in giving one character immense depth with almost nothing to play off of . It is a fantastic example of script writing , and character development .
 It 's so refreshing when movies like this get made and remind us we are not zombies pre-programmed to only be entertained by cliches.Moon makes you wonder , detach yourself from comfort zones , makes you paranoid , and it actually makes you think a rarity really on the CGI era.A man assigned to work on the Moon alone for a long period of time , his only companion a machine -LRB- clinically voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- . Just as his time to leave arrives strange things happens and he starts to have hallucinations.There is n't really too much action going on in Moon , most of the changes are internal , involve a human 's self awareness with society , our need for it and the detachment science brings to it .
 this movie was great , the main character was fantastic , this film will keep you at the edge of your seat wondering what will happen next
 This movie is now on my top ten list of favorite movies of all time.This film serves as a reminder to hollywood that films with characters , even the same character , repeated -LRB- you 'll `` get '' this reference as the movie progresses -RRB- , are better than films with nothing but skin , body fluids exchanged meaninglessly , and more skin shown as disguised porn , which means porn sold as a movie or television show.True filmmakers , as this incredible director and writer have shown us , need not 200 million dollars to make a movie that allows for great interest and fascinating developments . A truly gifted filmmaker , such as the one who made Moon , will -LRB- we can only hope -RRB- hold true to the vision of a contribution to the dialogue of what we stand for , and who we are , defining us via the dialogue is what art is , and should be . And the term `` art , '' as used here , means the creation of that which sustains the soul and nourishes the mind . This goal need not be pedantic ; this goal need not be puritanical , but it does need to nourish the need for creative mileu which bathes us in questions that turn over us day after day.More than two weeks after seeing this movie , I 'm still thinking about it . Major kudos to all who participated , down to the last sound guy or lighting guy , unappreciated yet whose contribution and caring , so made this a fabulous movie.One can only hope that this director , and the actor sam rockwell , will continue on the trajectory of a path , done so well as to embarrass all of hollywood for pumping out so much trash , when opportunity for such as this indelible and moving movie , is available to them.No nudity . No gratuitous sex . No drugs . Some profanity . Sheesh . What must Hollywood think?Thanks so much for making this movie , and showing all the coming up directors and actors that there is greatness that can be achieved , with relatively little money . -LRB- believe this movie was made for only five million ... -RRB-
 I LOVE this movie ! This ranks with Cube as one of the best all time under appreciated Sci Fi movies ever made . At times reminiscent of Silent Running , 2001 , and Outland ; this movie is surprising , fresh , intelligent and moving . Rockwell is amazing in any movie , from Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy , to the evil `` Billy '' in The Green Mile . Ca n't help but wonder at its limited release ... too few special effects , or too strong an anti-corporate message ?
 Tired of watching the same action , romantic comedy , horror movie over and over again ! Do yourself a favor and check out `` Moon '' ! Sam Rockwell is phenomenal as Sam Bell ! He once again brings the perfect blend of quirky , funny & dramatic that he is well known for - Choke , Confessions of a Dangerous Mind , Snow Angels , Matchstick Men & The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy!Sam Bell has a three year contract to work for Lunar Industries . Fuels are in shortage on Earth and his responsibility is to harvest and periodically send back supplies of helium-3 , the current clean and abundant fuel used on Earth . There is no live communication link between the lunar station and Earth , his only interaction & friend is with GERTY -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- , the intelligent computer whose function is to attend to his day to day needs.With two weeks to go , he gets into an accident at one of the mechanical harvesters and is rendered unconscious . Injured , he awakens back at the station in the infirmary , he assumes assisted by GERTY . GERTY tells him that a rescue team named Eliza will come to the station to repair the wrecked harvester . After his recuperation , he takes an unauthorized trip back to the broken harvester , where he makes an unexpected discovery . Bell begins to doubt his sanity , then his true identity , then the company and GERTY 's willingness to do what is best for him.Great storyline , characters , acting & a one of a kind psychological thriller!If you enjoyed `` Moon '' , check out some other great space thrillers - Sunshine , Solaris , Sphere , Red Planet , Mission To Mars!Highly , highly recommended!Enjoy ~
 I anticipated for this to be released on Blu Ray , never showed to my local movie theater . I quickly picked it up at Best Buy , just watched it.Wow , have n't seen an engrossing film like this one in a while . After reading many reviews , the director pays a lot of homage to 2001 Space odyssey and many other thought engrossing sci fi movies . At first to be honest , thought this might be along the lines of Solaris , the original movie and the George Clooney remake which was engrossing , slow paced but thought provoking movie as well , sadly have not seen the original Solaris yet.Anyways back to this movie , it was very good , what can I say plot wise that others have not typed ? If you like science fiction like Kubrick 's 2001 Space Odyssey , Phillip K Dick stories , this echoes blade runner -- rent this one , the special effects are flawless for such a low budget film , you do n't see miniatures being used any more or rarely , now a days all CGI . The subject matter dealt in the film , alienation , solitude , self realization , corporation cover - ups . This is a character driven movie performed by perfection by Sam Rockwell , a man who just wants to go home after doing a 3 year tour with Lunar Industries harvesting Helium something off the moon for energy consumption on earth , so with 2 weeks to go everything starts to unravel , Sam finds another man who looks exactly like himself where he is stationed , is Sam hallucinating ? Is he starting show signs of dementia and going crazy , his only companion throughout this whole deal is gertie , a robot voiced by Kevin spacey , reminiscent of Hal from 2001 , and now this look alike . I have to say this is Rockwell 's Best performance since Confessions of a Dangerous Mind in my most humble opinion . This will deserve a second viewing . The plot is pretty straight forward from what I have just mentioned previously , briskly paced for a 90 something min movie . The music score , felt just right for the science fiction genre.This is a must see , recommend it highly , if you like engrossing films , nice visuals , great performances . 5 stars all the way .
 Directed by
 One of the best Science Fiction movies I have seen in a long , long time . A keeper .
 Sam Bell works alone at Sarang Station on the dark side of the Moon , overseeing the massive machines that ` harvest ' the valuable energy source Helium3 from the lunar soil . Approaching the end of his 3 year tour , he is dealing with loneliness , fatigue , and delusions . The relay satellite for live communication is in need of repair , and his only companion is the coffee stained GERTY -LRB- voiced by Kevin Spacey -RRB- , a semi-autonomous assistant droid with basic speech and yahoo-style emoticons for expression . Only 2 weeks remain till he can return home in cryo-freeze , when he has a terrible accident on the job , one that changes everything he thinks he knows ... . about himself , and his life.That comprises the first 10 minutes of the film , I wo n't give away anything else , but I will say that this movie functions on 2 levels . On one viewing , it 's a SF survival story , and on another , it 's an examination of the human condition . Simple and stark , yet moving for the qualities of emotion that are brought forth . It takes more than one viewing to get it all , and that might be a bit much for the casual viewer , but for fans of the serious SF genre , or fans of Sam Rockwell , it 's definitely a double dip worth taking . This was a very difficult part to do , and he makes it look easy.The same could be said for the whole film . I particularly liked the use of real miniatures , the set design , the music , the lighting . Duncan Jones is a writer/director with a great future , if ` Moon ' is what he can do with a limited budget and a tight schedule , I ca n't wait to see what 's next !
 I saw the trailer for this movie on HDNet 's `` Nothing but Trailers '' and was enthralled !!! When the movie made it 's release I was lucky enough to find a theater , somewhat , near me and go see it ! What a film , absolutely brilliant !!! Brilliant script , and acting , how refreshing it is to see a movie this good , do it on merit and not on big budget and special effects . Well this movie completely grabbed me and has n't let go yet . I sincerely hope that Sam Rockwell gets an Oscar nod for his performance , as it is one of the best you will ever see . It 's a shame that this could n't garner more of a wide release , but I do feel fortunate that I was able to experience it when I had the chance . And a little FYI , for all the Moon fans that ca n't wait until the US release on Jan 12th . I ordered my copy -LRB- blu-ray -RRB- from Amazon.co.uk , a few months ago and received it in the mail last Wednesday . I was n't sure , but took the chance that it would play on my PS3 and it does , it is region free . I 've watched it twice so far , with another viewing soon to come . I do n't want to say with 100 % certainty , but if I understand correctly if the disc is region free it should work with all blu-ray players as I think all players are region free . Anyway it says on the box , region free and I plays on PS3 's so there ya go . Hope this helps anyone who is interested !
 Imagine the situation between a district attorney and woman lawyer happily married with all the possible tribulations and different points of view of the classic way of thinking ; machismo against a raising feminism . Full of smart gags and very funny situations . A must see .
 This movie was excellant . The acting was superb and the story was phenomenol . I love the last scene I could not stop laughing . Great movie . One of my favorite Hepburn/Tracy movies .
 Adam 's Rib was a wonderful movie and sixth of those to team Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy . This intriguing movie is about two lawyers who happen to be husband and wife , and very much in love , working on a case against eachother . The trial and homelife at the end of each day is perfectly fine at first , but after awhile the two begin fighting at home and their marriage is threatened when the husband walks out one night . What will happen next ? See the movie ... . it 's really good .
 Adam 's Rib is one of those movies that brings you back to when times were simple and life was grand.Hepburn and Tracy as always work well together , but the movie does show its age -LRB- in the work environment -RRB- . A wonderful movie that does n't give women their dues in the world of business.A good rent .
 Katharine and Spencer 's acting is , as usual , superb . This is delighful fun ! Although I usually do n't care for comedies , this is an exception . Kate and Spence are perfect for each other !
 Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn star as prosecuting attorney and defence attorney of a woman accused of shooting her cheating husband . The trial gets a lot of attention as Hepburn attempts to assert the need for equality in how women and men are treated when caught in similar situations , such as revenge against a cheating spouse . She believes a man shooting his wife would be considered more justifiable . The trial also gets a lot of attention since the lawyers are married . Thus men and women are pitted against each other in yet another fight for equality . Elements of the film have dated , mostly surrounding the trial itself and Hepburn 's circus like attempts to make her point . But what is not dated is the very real chemistry between the two stars , setting off sparks outside the courtroom . Both were top actors , with screen personalities and styles that contrast each other perfectly . Their talent and chemistry alone can carry a film . They are well supported by the wonderful Judy Holliday , who makes her character just slightly off-centre enough to be believable . The only sour note is David Wayne , as Hepburn 's obsessed neighbour . It 's not that he does n't do a good job - he does . But the character is extremely annoying as written , and I found myself fast-forwarding through some of his parts . But despite that and , as I said , the dated courtroom elements , the film is smart , with pointed dialogue , great performances , and of course , more than enough chemistry to make it well worth watching .
 This movie is wonderful . Tracy and Hepburn are at their best . The supporting cast is a riot . However the movie loses one star because of the absolutely terrible colorizing job done with it . Its inconsistent , and detracted from my enjoyment of the film . Buy the movie , its fabulous , but do n't get it in color .
 We 've been collecting classic movies for our DVD library and this is truly a great addition . If you like old movies , I would definitely recommend this movie .
 `` Adam 's Rib ' is arguably the greatest Tracy-Hepburn film , and is certainly the most popular of their teamings . Brightly written -LRB- by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin -RRB- , it takes the premise of the trial of a wife -LRB- the sparkling Judy Holliday , in her film debut -RRB- shooting her unfaithful husband -LRB- Tom Ewell , establishing himself in the kind of role he 'd reprise in The Seven-Year Itch -RRB- , and turns it into a forum for sexual values in the '40s , and a showcase for the fabulous Tracy and Hepburn . The two were never better than as the battling D.A. and defense attorney . In the courtroom and out , the love they share , and tweaking of each other 's egos , is a sheer joy to watch . That the story is also a knowing commentary about women 's inequality under the law makes the film even more topical today , and does n't reduce the film 's enjoyment value at all . It is a VERY funny film , and can be enjoyed at MANY levels ! David Wayne 's smarmy songwriter-neighbor sings ` Goodbye , Amanda ' , a song written by Cole Porter for the film -LRB- In fact , Hepburn 's character 's name in the film was changed to Amanda , to fit Porter 's song ! -RRB- Favorite scenes include the ` home movie ' , which accurately reflects Tracy and Hepburn 's own relationship ; the infamous massage scene -LRB- `` I know a slap ... ! '' -RRB- ; and Tracy 's licorice-gun confrontation , and crying-on-demand scene . A Classic that deserves it 's reputation
 Long acclaimed as one of Hollywood 's finest comedies , Adam 's Rib is arguably the best of the Tracy/Hepburn offerings . One can appreciate it fifty years after its debut . Any movie should be looked upon as a period piece , but the best ones are able to transcend their own time frames.Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn play husband-and-wife legal beagles , so close personally that they share a nickname , who oppose each other professionally in a routine criminal trial . The circumstances of the case impel them to focus on their personal causes -LRB- feminism for her , honor for the law for him -RRB- , and they quickly become competitors and antagonists in their marriage as well.And this is a comedy ? Yes - thanks to inspired scriptwriting , expert direction , and a good fast pace . The supporting cast is exceptional - Judy Holliday -LRB- who won an Oscar for her role -RRB- as the harrassed defendant , Tom Ewell as her sleazy philandering husband , and David Wayne as the lawyers ' very , very weird neighbor . Jean Hagen has a small role as the `` other woman '' - she later played the obnoxious silent-movie diva in `` Singin ' in the Rain . `` Watch - at least once - the apartment/hallway quarrel with the sound turned off . You 'll see facets of movie-making brilliance you may not have noticed before . Adam 's Rib is one of the few Hollywood films which proves itself , indeed , to be like a finely cut emerald .
 Of all the films that Katherine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy made together , this is my favorite . The two are absolutely brilliant as a husband and wife who are both lawyers on opposite sides of a case having to do with a woman defending her honor by shooting her husband when she finds him cheating on her . As great as the two leads are , however , this film is so rich and succeeds on so many levels that it would have been a great success even with two far less gifted performers . The film also features what was essentially the debut of three well known performers
 Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy movies are sometimes thin on plot , but always loaded with their unique chemistry . Few , if any , movie duos ever possessed the magic these two emanate from the screen . Tracy is perhaps the greatest screen actor of them all , and Kate plays off him to perfection . Their interplay here is engaging , witty and makes you realize that no one working in movies today can hold a candle to these two giants.The plot here is a trifle unbelievable and there are parts of the film which drag , especially the scenes with David Wayne who is really superfluous to the action . If you are a stickler for a smooth plot and lots of action , then this movie wo n't be your cup of tea . However , if you appreciate the brilliance of Spencer Tracy and enjoy the unparalleled chemistry between Tracy and Hepburn , then you 'll adore this movie .
 ADAM 'S RIB is a great example of intelligent , beautiful and thought-provoking cinema , with two of the most gifted individuals to ever grace the screen , Katherine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy . Amanda -LRB- Hepburn -RRB- and Adam -LRB- Tracey -RRB- Bonner are married lawyers who are on opposite sides of a case , involving a woman -LRB- Judy Holiday in her film debut -RRB- who shot her abusive husband -LRB- Tom Ewell -RRB- . While Amanda and Adam stand on opposite sides in the courtroom , their genuine love and respect for each other balances the sparks that fly in their professional lives.I believe that this is one of the most progressive films made at its time . It took on hard hitting issues like domestic violence , gender equality -LRB- or the lack thereof -RRB- in society and on the job . Katherine Hepburn 's character challenges every stereotype of the commonplace depiction of the `` model '' 1950s woman . She has a career , brilliant and anything but a pushover . I applaud all the actors , the director , the producer , and all parties involved in bringing this film to fruition all those years ago . It continues to shine today .
 This movie caused me to take an interest in the law as a young girl . I am now a successful lawyer and thoroughly enjoyed seeing the movie all over again . Sparks , fun , ambition , relationships , wise-cracks and everything you would expect from Hepburn and Tracy . Outstanding
 Seven years into their screen partnership , Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn made what is arguably their best effort together , the sixth of nine movies they made together . The zingy repartee and old-shoe comfort in their relationship are in full bloom in this 1949 comedy classic directed by George Cukor . Written by the legendary husband and wife writing team of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon , the plot focuses on a headline-grabbing court case involving Doris Attinger , a dim-witted wife who shoots her philandering husband Warren just as he is caught with his blowsy mistress Beryl Caighn . Representing the wounded husband is Assistant DA Adam Bonner who is looking for a quick conviction of the wife . However , his proto-feminist attorney wife Amanda sees the alleged crime as an act of justifiable defiance and decides to defend the wife.This potentially tense set-up leads to a trial where Amanda sets out to prove that a double standard exists for women and that Doris was merely defending her family and home . Adam , however , believes that the law is the law no matter the gender of those involved and that a murder was indeed attempted . Consequently , the story is not so much about Adam 's inherent sexism as it is about Amanda 's single-minded determination to prove her point even as the case degrades into a media sideshow . Over half a century later , Amanda 's arguments sound rather dated , one-note and frankly ill-conceived with many of her lines simply polemics . At the same time , Hepburn plays such a convincing litigator that her case actually sounds persuasive at times . Tracy is also in top form as he brings his unique combination of sympathy and combustible bluster to a man who respects his wife deeply but becomes increasingly disillusioned with her unlawful stance.Together , they banter terrifically throughout , but it 's in the domestic scenes , for instance , the home movie of their Connecticut farm and the late night meal preparation , where you feel their natural chemistry the most . As Doris , Judy Holliday delivers in her first significant screen role , bringing a deeper pathos to the scorned wife than you would expect . Several years away from `` The Seven Year Itch '' , Tom Ewell plays Warren for the smarmy , sexist cheater that he is , while Jean Hagen expertly plays Beryl as a media-hungry floozy . As the Bonners ' next door neighbor Kip , David Wayne acts rather fey for someone who supposedly wants to run away with Amanda , but I suppose the approach was intentional to ensure nothing would really threaten the Bonner marriage except the case . However dated some of the sexual politics feel , the film is still one of the most smartly played of romantic comedies . Unfortunately the 2000 DVD has no extras .
 Adam 's Rib -LRB- black and white ; running time 101 minutes ; not rated -RRB- stars two of the greatest Academy Award winning actors of our time , Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn . This movie was directed by George Cukor in 1949 for Metro Goldwyn Mayer . In a very comical and humorous way , Adam 's Rib explores equal rights for women and the question of who wears the pants in a marriage.When a wife is accused of the attempted murder of her unfaithful husband , Assistant District Attorney Adam Bonner -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- lands the case . Little does he know that soon his wife , Amanda Bonner -LRB- Katharine Hepburn -RRB- , who is also an attorney , will be defending the accused wife and using equality for women as the main defense . Amanda Bonner wants to know , `` What 's the difference ? '' . She submits that if the accused had been a man whose wife was being unfaithful , everyone would believe he was attempting to save his marriage , while her client is accused of trying to kill her husband . As the trial progresses , so does the animosity and competitiveness between the attorneys , which in turn causes a strain on their otherwise happy marriage . The sparing between the two attorneys culminates in the hilarious closing arguments of the trial . The accused wife is found not guilty and Amanda Bonner has won her case -- or has she ? Adam Bonner is able to use his wily ways to get Amanda back which will leave unanswered the question , `` Who wears the pants ? '' . This film is rated five stars -LRB- ***** -RRB- . This classic romantic comedy will leave you with a smile on your face . The comic interaction between Tracy and Hepburn is engaging and unforgettable .
 Probably the best of the Tracy-Hepburn movies , Adam 's Rib is very funny and enjoyable . Excellently written , well directed by George Cukor , and -LRB- most of all -RRB- featuring great chemistry between Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn , this is the ultimate `` battle of the sexes '' movie and a must-see . Basically , Adam 's Rib starts out with a wife who shoots at her husband -LRB- Judy Holliday , who does an excellent job with her important , if small , role -RRB- after finding him with another woman . At the trial , Holliday is represented by Amanda Bonner -LRB- Katherine Hepburn -RRB- who just happens to be opposed by her own husband -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- who is the prosecuting attorney . The movie creatively uses the premise of the trial as a springboard for witty , funny conversations between the Bonners ' about equality and the double standard -LRB- if Holliday had been a man , would she be judged so harshly -RRB- . Anyhow , Adam 's Rib is a fantastic film which discusses many relevant issues and is , contrary to what you might think , really quite modern in its outlook . There may be some points in the film that reflect its age but , overall , the main issue - the ever ongoing battle of the sexes - is still as relevant today as it was 60 years ago.Furthermore , the movie is so witty and well done that it would be a joy to watch even if the content was clearly irrelevant now . It features several scenes that are especially noteworthy - for instance , the scene in which Hepburn humiliates Tracy in court and the resulting scene where Tracy scares Hepburn with the licorice gun . So , overall , this film still sparkles with wit and with the chemistry between its stars ... highly recommended !
 Two New York lawyers , husband Adam Bonner -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- and wife Amanda Bonner -LRB- Katharine Hepburn -RRB- , work out the marital tension and fight the sexual wars in the courtroom on opposite sides of a wife -LRB- Judy Holliday -RRB- shoots cheating husband -LRB- Tom Ewell -RRB- case . Adam 's masculinity is seemingly challenged and his sense of justice offended by his wife 's insistence on showing how smart she is while furthering her feminist agenda at the expense of the law . Will their public confrontation destroy their marriage , or will it ultimately make the bond stronger?This still plays mainly because of the charisma of Hepburn and Tracy and the fine chemistry they create together . The script by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is profound and shallow by turns , yet ultimately witty and pleasing . Judy Holliday as the lower middle-class Doris Attinger -LRB- on her way to her signature role in Born Yesterday -LRB- 1950 -RRB- -RRB- and David Wayne , as the song-writing neighbor who adores Amanda , shine in supporting roles . George Cukor 's direction is clear , crisp and always focused . In the end we can see that Adam can be as feminine as Amanda can be masculine . The bit where Tracy cries real tears to win her back and then tells her , `` We all have our tricks '' is classic . It 's his clever answer to her outrageous courtroom theatrics . Memorable as it illuminates their contrasting personalities is the early scene where the unsophisticated Doris is interviewed by Yale law school grad Amanda.As a political movie , was Adam 's Rib ahead of its time as a vehicle for feminist expression , or was it just another apology for male chauvinism , or was it balanced and fair ? I 'll give you a hint
 I love this movie . I 've seen more time than I can count and still have a great time with it . Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn follow up their comedy Woman of the Year with another great movie . Both husband and wife are lawyers and they come upon a case where a woman shoots a man who was cheating on her . The wife is played by Judy Holliday and the other woman is Jean Hagen from `` Singin ' In The Rain . The entire cast is wonderful and the writing is superb . It was written by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon at the height of their careers . Just a wonderful movie and you 'll love it . It 's so fun !
 The story begins with Doris Attinger -LRB- Judy Holliday -RRB- waiting outside her husband 's -LRB- Warren Attinger - Tom Ewell -RRB- office to follow him when he leaves to what she believes will be a romantic tryst . We get an idea of her motive when she drops her purse and a small revolver spills out . Her hunch is right , and after reading the directions how to use the weapon , she closes her eyes and starts shooting , wounding but not killing , her husband . The story shifts to a stylish apartment building where a servant is bringing breakfast to the bedroom of Adam -LRB- Tracy -RRB- and Amanda -LRB- Hepburn -RRB- Bonner . They scan the lead stories as they eat and prepare for work , noting the attempted murder story . Adam arrives at his office -LRB- Assistant District Attorney -RRB- and discovers he has been assigned to the case which he assumes will be a ` slam dunk ' . He calls to tell Amanda , an attorney in private practice , the news and rub it in how he will put this one away quickly . Amanda hangs up on him , determined to defend this woman , believing women are treated differently than men and that this woman was justified in her actions . The movie shifts to the courtroom where the action and the fun begins . Each night the trial carries over into their personal life . A little dated now , it was somewhat shocking in 1949 that a woman could , heaven forbid , compete in the ` men 's domain ' . Where are there inequities today that need to be corrected ? The chemistry between Tracy & Hepburn is at its best and makes for a very funny , romantic comedy that deserves its place in AFI ' Top 100 Laughs . Enjoy ! WWW.LUSREVIEWS.BLOGSPOT.COM
 Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn are characteristically great in this tale of two lawyers . The married couple end up on opposite sides in the courtroom , one defending the sympathetic injured wife who shot her slimebag husband , the other prosecuting the would-be murderess . This leads to marriage tensions and to plenty of entertaining wit and -LRB- sometimes painfully -RRB- amusing situations to keep the audience enthralled . And in the end , we see who was really right in the case.I 've enjoyed this movie since I was a teen , and am delighted to get it on DVD . I recommend it highly to anyone who prefers a good plot and some civilized wit over gags and cheap humor .
 Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy are an immortal film pair . This movie is often called their best . `` Adam 's Rib '' is the story of two married lawyers Adam -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- and Amanda -LRB- Katharine Hepburn -RRB- . They read an interesting case in the newspaper-an abadoned wife -LRB- Judy Holliday -RRB- shoots her husband and his girlfriend -LRB- Jean Hagen -RRB- - and Amanda immediately tells her opinion . Adam then is ordered to prosecute the woman who shot her husband . Amanda , though , goes out of her way to get to defend the woman . Arguments and comedy ensures.The plot is excellent . We all know that lawyers can be stubborn about their clients ... so why not have two stubborn lawyers that are married get opposite sides in a case ? I loved the acting , especially Katharine Hepburn . Her accent is unique , and I mean that in a good way.This is a great storyline , but there are n't a lot of laughs in here especially for a comedy . That can be tossed aside though for the acting and story .
 best . Woman of the Year is second . In both they play essentially the same character albeit different names & professions.By 1949 they were at the top of their game career-wise & in real life playing house . Being married in every way but name made them dynamite . In Adam 's Rib the characters did n't have to fall in love they were already in love & married . Hepburn 's woman was clearly ahead of her time . Tracy was trying hard to be the modern man . But it 's hard . Maybe even harder in 1949 . You have two good , smart lawyers with very healthy egos on opposing sides in a big high profile case . One wins the legal war the other wins the moral argument . I enjoy it every time . I 'm not sure how much $ $ $ this movie made but I suspect it did pretty well . A classic , star driven , battle of the sexes , Hollywood comedy.Props to Tom Ewell who in a small part , is hilarious as the disgusting , cheating husband . He does the prat fall that he perfects later in Seven Year Itch . All great stuff . 41/2 stars .
 I did n't live through the period this film was made in , and found it hard to understand at first . Possibly the idea that I had the most trouble with was that at the time men who shot their cheating wives would often be let off , while women who did the same thing often got nailed . It never really explains this , and I had to get it from the back of the box . Of course , if this film took place today Amanda would be laughed out of the courtroom long before her closing statement , which really drove home how much things have changed . It really should be viewed for anyone who wants to know about the 40s , and anyone who is just looking for a good time .
 Although most people think of the 1960 's as the heyday of the woman 's liberation movement , in truth the movement dates back to the turn of the century with the suffragettes ' crusade for the women 's right to vote . In the 1940 's , the movement gained a great deal of momentum as `` Rosie the Riveter '' became symbolic of women holding down jobs during WWII that were traditionally done by men . When the war ended and the men came home to reclaim their jobs , the battle of the sexes really began . Women had exploded the myth of not being as capable as men and now they began demanding not just the vote , but equality in all things . Made in 1949 , `` Adam 's Rib '' is a comedy that addressed one of the most hotly contested issues of the day.This is the fifth in a series of ten collaborations between Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy . This film was written by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin , a team that wrote two of the ten Hepburn/Tracy films -LRB- `` Pat and Mike '' was the other -RRB- . Gordon and Kanin generally wrote stories that were patterned after their own marriage , and were nominated for an Oscar for this screenplay . Katharine Hepburn always sought out roles that had a strong female character and Tracy enjoyed playing the traditional male trying to tame the tiger . They were perfect for one another . Their films were very popular because they were able to bring humor to a painful transition that was occurring all across America , the re-evaluation of women 's roles in society.This story seems silly by today 's standards , showing how far we 've come . A woman shoots her husband for cheating on her , and Amanda -LRB- Katharine Hepburn -RRB- decides to represent her as her defense counsel . Her husband Adam -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- is the prosecutor in the case . Sparks fly between attorneys in the courtroom and the bedroom as the battle of the sexes ensues . Much of it is in jest , but the film does a good job of making fun of the battle without mocking the women 's cause . The film whimsically makes the point that the issues are not black and white , and that the ideal of totally equality is impeded by numerous immutable differences between men and women.One of the most anachronistic elements has nothing to do with sex . The idea that shooting one 's spouse for infidelity is justifiable , whether man or woman , would be ludicrous in today 's society . In 1949 , however , it was the generally held belief that home wreckers who were shot had gotten what was coming to them . Amanda succeeds at arguing that this standard of justifiable assault should apply to women as well as men , but today a jury would laugh its way all the way to a guilty verdict regardless of the sex of the defendant.As always , Tracy and Hepburn are terrific together , with probably the best screen chemistry of any male/female team in the history of films . Adam is always ribbing Amanda about her feminism -LRB- giving the title a double entendre -RRB- and defeats her in the end using one of her own female tricks . Cole Porter contributes an original song `` Farewell Amanda '' which is a beautiful tune rendered trite by incessant repetition . David Wayne is the only discordant note , elevating an annoying character to unbearably obnoxious with his snide delivery.This excellent comedy was relevant in its time , but it has n't aged well because the times have changed -LRB- which may be all the more reason to see it -RRB- . I rated it a 9/10 . The battle of the sexes has never been so much fun .
 After Woman of the Year -LRB- where you can pinpoint the FRAME they fell in love -RRB- , Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn were probably never better than in this 1949 examination of sex roles in American society . As battling attorneys , they take on the case of Judy Holliday , on trial for shooting her philandering husband , Tom Ewell -LRB- the pre-Singin ' in the Rain Jean Hagen plays the Other Woman -RRB- . Some of the trickery -- the courtroom stunts -- fall a little flat today , and who can be fooled by the David Wayne character , a bitter queen trying to foist himself off as a womanizer ? -LRB- Probably nobody , least of all this movie 's director , George Cukor . -RRB- Still , as a portrait of a marriage of Manhattan sophisticates it 's as heartwarming as Nick and Nora Charles ; and the best sequences are deservedly classics .
 Yeah , there 's something about us old stick-in-the-mud conservatives . We like the spitfire progressives like Kate Hepburn and co-writer Ruth Gordon , and they like us . There 's something to be said for opposites attracting , and that 's how Tracy & Hepburn were . It never was more evident than in `` Adam 's Rib . `` Some may say that the themes of male/female equality here are dated . I do n't believe so . The same script could be done today with modern trappings and very little would need to be changed . The only real difference is that in 1949 it was a new thought ; nowadays some progress has been made but we are still struggling to find equal footing that makes us all feel like things are appropriate . Maybe these issues will never be completely settled ; maybe the discussion is the point , not the settling of it.In any event , aside from the social impact of the issues that take place in this seriocomic picture , the most memorable thing of all is the obvious fondness with which Tracy & Hepburn regard one another . The best acting does n't feel like acting and , in spite of Tracy 's offscreen religious situation that prevented him from divorcing his wife and marrying Kate , and in spite of the dicey morality thereof , it 's a pleasure to see them together with a witty script and George Cukor 's sure direction . Must see .
 This movie is a very funny classic . It makes a great addition to my DVD collection . I received the movie in great condition and in a short time period.Love ordering from Amazon .
 One of the best Tracy-Hepburn films , though I liked Desk Set a little bit better . Still it 's a marvelous film , with a great supporting cast including Judy Holliday and Tom Ewell . whose marriage sounds more like a boxing match than a marriage . David Wayne is the obnoxious next door neighbor who keeps playing a song he wrote about Hepburn which irritates Tracy , no end . Story is about two married lawyers one the defense attorney , the other the prosecutor . Hepburn is defending Judy Holliday for shooting her unfaithful husband , and Tracy is prosecuting her for shooting him . The result is that their marraige begins to take on the same issues of the people they 're defending . Fun from beginning to end !
 It 's incredible how you can see the relationship between Amanda and Adam go through this situation when they are in diferent sides and even then they can express their love for each other . They can argue and even then have moments for their own , those little things that really made a couple . And how engenious both of them are to achieve their goals . Watch this movie , it worths .
 Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn as Adam an Audrey Bonner , husband and wife lawyers on opposite sides in attempted murder case . But the person on trial is a woman who has tried to knock off her two-timing husband , and Kate argues for equality of the sexes . She wins the case , but then has to win Tracy back . They go at it tooth and nail , and pull off a wonderful comedy . Davis Wayne plays a songwriter/neighbor who near the beginning of the movie , during a party at which home movies are shown , almost steals the picture
 I love Katherine Hepburn and she shines to perfection in this movie . I liked this movie because it was n't a `` chick flick . '' As many of Hepburn 's movies do , Adam 's Rib demands the equality of women . However , it does not go too far - it demands equality for women , not special treatment . The movie is also interesting to see nowadays as it presents the situation of women back in the 40s , shows how far we have come , and yet how far we still have yet to go . One thought I had though - on the idea of homewrecking and how terrible it is for men to cheat on their wives - did n't Tracy cheat on his wife for his committed relationship with Hepburn ?
 I agree with the reviewer on the `` Sweet Smell of Success '' cracking dialogue , but this one is quite good . `` Desk Set '' is another one . Now that I think of it , Hepburn 's `` The Philadelphia Story '' and `` Bringing Up Baby '' also have wonderful dialogue . Of course , Howard Hawks was good at this , too , with `` The Big Sleep '' , `` To Have and Have Not '' , `` His Girl Friday '' , `` Ball of Fire '' , and `` Monkey Business '' all offering fantastic , and fast-paced banter . Add to this Robert Mitchum 's `` Out of the Past '' , `` Casablanca '' , `` The Maltese Falcon '' , `` Citizen Kane '' , and a couple Lubitsch - `` To Be or Not To Be '' and `` Cluny Brown '' , and you have some good speaking .
 One of those films that I just totally adored from start to finish , ` Adam 's Rib ' is a fantastic romantic comedy that thrives on its stellar cast and smart scripting . Even when the film starts to fray towards the end -LRB- this may be a personal opinion , but I found the last few minutes to be rather off-putting and unnecessary -RRB- , it never truly leaves the audience.The film is exciting and fun and just all around pure entertainment!Hepburn and Tracy -LRB- I love Spencer Tracy SOOOOO much -RRB- play Adam and Amanda Bonner , husband and wife lawyers who wind up on opposite ends of a court room when jilted wife Doris Attinger shoots her philandering husband and his lover -LRB- she does n't actually wound the lover -RRB- . Adam is handed the prosecution of the case , but his wife -LRB- who firmly believes that this is her chance to rally the equality of women -RRB- takes the defense and together they turn the courtroom -LRB- and their marriage -RRB- on its head.The acting across the board is phenomenal . Hepburn and Tracy worked a lot with one another , and it is obvious why . They really have such undeniable chemistry , and here they play off one another so beautifully . Hepburn has the more triumphant and stirring moments , but Tracy , for me , is the standout of the two . He really understands the quieter moments and plays them to perfection . Even in the films final frames , where I see the script starting to lose steam , he manages to make his character so likable and memorable that you ca n't help but forgive the scene.But , and I mean this in a BIG way , the film 's grandest performance comes from the GLORIOUS Judy Holliday . What I love so much about this performance is that it feels so modern in its approach . I mean , there is no doubt in my mind that that very performance can be seen in a film today , and that is saying a lot since the whole style and craft of acting has changed a lot since the 40 's . It lacks the overtly theatrical stylings of the day and instead layers the character with a sharp sense of pure naturalism.Holliday is flawless!So , the film is really a rich and entertaining ride . With the ethics of law , love and equality all thrown on the cutting board , ` Adam 's Rib ' really covers a lot of ground . Instead of coming across as hurried and stuffed though , the film covers that ground very nicely . Sure , it does n't really come together on all areas , but the bell was sounded and the players all came to the rescue , delivering something that is the epitome of entertainment .
 One of my favorite old comedies , surprisingly modern in outlook . Katheryn Hepburn is at her regal best here , showing fire , passion and spirit as only she can , and Spencer Tracy as her husband gives a memorable performance as well . Hepburn and Tracy paint a convincing and engaging portrait of a `` power couple '' who could have come straight from the end of the century , fighting and loving with real passion , and clearly enjoying every minute of it ; they portray a couple who are true equals in every possible way , who may have honest and real differences of opinion but whose commitment to each other stands firm . A true classic !
 Katharine Hepburn is invariably described as one of the greatest screen legends of all time , and this film embodies all of her classic screen qualities . It is romantic , hilarious , and has a relevant message , even to the modern viewer . I highly recommend this film . She and Tracy had incredible chemistry on screen in all their films , but this -LRB- and `` Woman of the Year '' -RRB- are my all-time favorites .
 This classic 1949 comedy will go far toward explaining what was so charismatic about the on-screen pairing of Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy . The set-up is perfect for their rapid-fire style of verbal dueling
 This movie is great fun . Hepburn & Tracy are superb as usual , but Ewell & Holliday almost steal the show !
 Although I 'm a big Tracy fan and enjoyed this movie quite a bit , I did n't find the rapid-fire dialog quite as sharp and witty as most , but it 's still a fine movie . If you want to find razor-sharp , fast-moving dialog , try the Tony Curtis and Burt Lancaster film , `` The Sweet Smell of Success . '' The hard-hitting , corrosive , and rapid-fire dialog in that movie virtually singes the air , remembered long after the movie has ended , although it 's a much more serious movie and not intended to be funny as with this one.But getting back to the present flick , if there was a longer or more charismatic on-screen romance than Tracy and Hepburn , I do n't know what it is , and they bring that chemistry once again to the silver screen in this movie . Their rivalry in the murder case becomes the talk of the town as well as in their bedroom , and Tracy is great as the dutiful husband who suffers Hepburns ' barbs and diatribes about everything from his job to women 's rights with a sort of calm , stoic exasperatedness , although she finally gets his goat and gets a rise out of him on more than one occasion . And Hepburn is equally great in her role also , as the smart , upbeat , and driven defense attorney who champions the accused woman 's cause.The movie deals surprisingly well with many women 's rights and equality issues considering this is 1949 , and women who think feminism and women 's lib was invented in the early to mid-60 's would do well to watch this film , which came out almost 15 years earlier . So overall , still a fun classic and well worth your time especially if you 're a Tracy or Hepburn fan . They do n't make 'em like this anymore .
 The Tracy-Hepburn duo was never better than in this supremely witty , often laugh-out-loud comedy of two lawyers on opposite sides of the courtroom involved in an attempted murder case with the classic love triangle . The triangulators ? Tom Ewell , Jean Hagen , and Judy Holiday -- all in their first films . The lawyers ? Why , Tracy and Hepburn of course -- married to each other . Hep , the defense attorney , takes the case to vent her opinions on women 's lib -- one of the first films to lay it all out in the open on the subject . She defends poor little Judy , the wronged wife . Spence , the ADA , prosecutes to prove that Judy is nowhere near as innocent as she claims.The back and forth here is so sharp you could cut yourself just listening to the lines . And there 's the back and forth of courtroom and homefront , too . Hep and Spence go at it in both places and the lines supplied by real life husband-wife team of Ruth Gordon -LRB- Harold and Maude -RRB- and Garson Kanin are deliciously zingy so much of the time you eat em up even as your tongue is bleeding . Just too cool.Amazing that this film has not aged at all . One of the great comedy classics and sure to remain so . If I could give this a sky full of stars , I would.Zingalicious .
 I am , unfortunately , not as well versed in Spenser Tracy as I am in Katherine Hepburn , but I 'm guessing I can say with some conviction that these roles were perfect for the two of them . What I can say with full knowledge is that Katherine Hepburn was perfect for this role , playing the same sort of independent woman she herself tended to be from time to time.This is a richly written movie about a married couple , Adam and Amanda , who are both lawyers and who are both working on the same case ... opposing each other . A woman shot at her uncaring , unsympathetic husband . Adam claims that it 's necessary to bring her to the attention of the law . Amanda claims that she wo n't be given fair treatment as a woman . A battle of the sexes ensues.The best part of this movie is showing this rather adoring and loving couple as they go through the day to day stresses of their jobs and yet try to maintain a home life at the same time . However , that 's just the first element , as of course the stresses of facing each other has to be taken into account . Indeed it 's hard to say quite for sure where the movie 's going to go , but once it 's ended it seems like it could n't have been presented in any other way.George Cukor does a brillaint job with directing it . I particularly like how he often sets the camera in a room and lets the characters weave in and out of the area in a way that evenly presents both the disconnect and the miscommunication of the couple from both perspectives . This movie is brilliant in that it is capable of maintaining two -LRB- or more -RRB- points of view entirely at the same time.All in all , a very good movie , one of those that makes one nostalgic for the warmth and compassion often felt in older movies . Considering Tracy and Hepburn 's relationship , it 's interesting to think how this movie might have affected -LRB- or reflected -RRB- the conversations they might have had . -- PolarisDiB
 The ultimate battle of the sexes comedy , which of course leads to romance . Perhaps Tracy and Hepburns best overall film , its packed with charm , humor and intelligence and their powerful onscreen chemistry . The script is razor sharp and the supporting performances from newcomers Ewell , Holliday and David Wayne first rate .
 This is my absolute favorite . The court room antics , the chemistry between the two and a clever story line . I ca n't see how you 'd go wrong with this one , fun from start to end .
 Wonderful classic with so many great scenes . Considered by many to be the best of the Hepburn and Tracy films .
 The plot is still interesting ; the problems with women 's rights still need solutions ; fantastic actors - funny and strong . I watched it with my granddauther who is 19 and she enjoyed the movie as much as I did -LRB- I had seen the movie several times already -RRB- .
 One of my all time favorites . Great closing by Hepburn . One of their funniest movies , and a great comedy overall .
 I have to admit that the verbal play in this movie did not thrill me , it was all a little too staged , but of course , the two greats pull it off , nonetheless . Desk Set is one of my favs , as is Pat and Mike so they all go along hand in hand . Would I recommend seeing it ? Sure , you can never get enough of Tracy and Hepburn .
 Originally released in 1949 , `` Adam 's Rib '' still remains in scintillating mint condition 63 years later . In my humble opinion , it 's the pinnacle of the Tracy-Hepburn cinema partnership just ahead of `` Pat and Mike '' , `` Woman of the Year '' , and `` State of the Union . '' And it just happens to be one of the all time best films of the battle of the sexes ever made.Adam and Amanda Bonner -LRB- Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn -RRB- are married lawyers practicing in Manhattan . Adam as the Assistant District Attorney is prosecuting Doris Attinger -LRB- Judy Holliday -RRB- a housewife on trial for shooting her unfaithful husband Warren Attinger -LRB- Tom Ewell -RRB- . Doris followed him and found him en flagrante in the apartment of `` the other woman '' Beryl Caighn -LRB- Jean Hagen -RRB- . Amanda is a fervent advocate for women 's rights and total equality of the sexes . Since an unwritten law protects the man if he should shoot the lover of his wife , Amanda believes Doris should be given the same consideration before the law . She gets herself appointed Doris 's attorney , and the fireworks begin as Adam and she square off against each other in court . Complicating matters further is their wickedly mischievous neighbor composer Kip Lurie -LRB- David Wayne -RRB- who flirts outrageously with Amanda , and takes gleeful delight in Adams 's discomfiture and the courtroom antics.Tracy and Hepburn are unqualifiedly marvelous , two champions at their peak . Given a superb screenplay by the husband-wife team of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon plus expect guidance from director George Cukor , they run with it delivering the most dazzling performance of their illustrious partnership . In this tale based on men and women having the same equal rights before the law , it 's one of the few times that Tracy and Hepburn are actually equals on the screen . One usually is a notch above the other in responsibility , education , social position or employment , here both are successful , well educated lawyers , balancing each other perfectly on the scale . Also there is a strong element of a satisfactory sexual relationship , even though since it 's the era of Production Code Hollywood , there are the ubiquitous twin beds ! The astute viewer can pick it up in the little flashes and instances of a cozy intimacy between them ; the hot blood is definitely coursing , -LRB- as it was in real life -RRB- ! Hepburn is especially alluring and desirable as a slightly `` mature '' woman , sveltely elegant , charmingly self-assured , moving with an instinctive grace and possessing that glorious face which improves with age , what a woman ! One of the most natural of actors , Tracy as always delivers the goods and then some , and as always makes it look deceptively effortless . He can throw away a line such as looking at Hepburn trying a new flower trimmed hat and quip `` you look kind of like Grandma Moses '' without losing any of the intended humor . Sufficient to say they are a joy together , absolutely believable as a couple who have been married a number of years and know each others little quirks and habits and are n't we moviegoers lucky to witness their alchemy!You 'll not find such a sterling supporting ensemble in films nowadays , beginning with the incomparable Judy Holliday as Doris Attinger . This was her first major film role , and actually with the collusion of Kanin , Gordon , Tracy , Hepburn and Cukor intended to be an elaborate screen test to win her the film role of Billie Dawn in Kanin 's `` Born Yesterday '' which she 'd originated on Broadway . Here she is both comic and affecting , playing with an innate sweetness and a touch of pathos the drab put upon wife , who under Amanda 's expert tutelage becomes more attractive and confident . Hepburn and she really click in their scenes together particularly in the first long scene where Hepburn subdues her own strong personality to let Holliday 's star quality shine through . Incidentally the ploy to get Holliday `` Born Yesterday '' , worked , she not only won the role but a Best Actress Oscar as well.As her self-righteous dolt of a husband Warren Attinger , Tom Ewell plays his part so well you 're almost sorry Doris did n't finish him off ! Jean Hagen , pretty in a coarse and flashy manner , with an on target urban accent , is just right as the floozy Beryl Caighn . Fresh from two Broadway triumphs in `` Finian 's Rainbow '' and `` Mister Roberts '' , David Wayne with his crew cut , impish smirk and mocking demeanor cuts a fine figure of fun as composer Kip Lurie . Two funny bits , one of them truly a showstopper or trial stopper anyway , are supplied by character actress Hope Emerson.The genesis of the screenplay resulted from a true story that Ruth Gordon told her husband Garson Kanin one sleety evening in 1947 when they were driving to their country home in Connecticut . It concerned a well-known married theatrical couple Raymond Massey and his wife Adrienne Allen , and close friends of theirs another married couple Bill and Dorothy Whitney who were both exceptional lawyers . The Masseys were having marital problems and Raymond confidentially consulted Dorothy for legal advice regarding separation and divorce , while concurrently Adrienne was privately conferring with Bill on the same thing . The punch line was that when all was settled Raymond was married to Dorothy , and Adrienne married Bill , and both marriages happily endured until the deaths of the husbands . This sparked the idea of married lawyers who are on opposite sides of a court case , from the beginning the Kanins intended it for Tracy and Hepburn , close personal friends , and custom tailored the script to them both.The Kanins wrote several successful screenplays , `` Pat and Mike '' , `` The Marrying Kind '' and `` It Should Happen to You '' , but this is their masterpiece . It 's an absolute pleasure to hear such a literate , well-constructed screenplay with dialogue that snaps and crackles with wit . Witness this exchange between Amanda and Beryl on the witness stand when Amanda asks her if Mr. Attinger had ever touched her before
 to anyone who does n't like this movie . It 's funny , fun and smart . I bought this at the thirft store for 75cents . What a steal this is absouletly great . I love it . I really do n't care for the tracy and hepburn pairing all the time . But this one was great .
 The chemistry between Hepburn and Tracy delights viewers , old and new . Adam 's Rib -LRB- 1949 -RRB- is courtroom comedy . It established their reputation as the wittiest , most brilliant couple on screen . It is even better in the light of some modern day duds .
 This is a neat and still relevant classic movie featuring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn as opposing counsel in an assault case involving a wife who shot at her husband and his lover . Of course , everyone side 's with the wife ! That is nowadays . However , such was not always the case . And Katherine Hepburn does an excellent job of pleading the case for women 's equality under the law . I loved every minute of it ! She looks stunning in this movie . And steals the show !
 This classic movie like most of them is a must have ! Very funny ! Kathrine is bound and determined to make a point how people view the sexes differently . Spencer in the end teaches her a lesson . Very entertaining movie . Together Spencer Tracy and Kathrine Hepburn leave you wanting to see more of them . Not like a lot of the movies they make today meaningless an not worth the time .
 Golden throated radio star Jane Merrick -LRB- Lola Lane -RRB- must take an indefinite leave of absence to `` get away from everything . '' Station manager Jim Wallace -LRB- Jason Robards Sr. -RRB- begs her to stay and marry him . The only answer Merrick can give is to beg patience and wait `` until I can come back to you and say yes . `` Merrick holes up in her apartment and tells her maid to refuse all visitors . A frustrated Wallace hires a private detective agency to find out what 's going on . Meanwhile a beautiful blond woman -LRB- Claudia Dell as Barbara Hammond -RRB- is arrested while trying to jimmy open one of Merrick 's apartment 's window . Hammond is taken to night court and charged with breaking and entering . Handsome and intrepid young reporter Jerry Beal -LRB- Richard Hemingway -RRB- is instantly smitten with the young girl 's beauty , and he tells the judge that Hammond , who is a complete stranger , is his fianc?e and a wicked practical joker . The judge , who ought to have known better , delivers a short lecture on the perils of practical joking and , in an astoundingly impetuous moment , marries the young couple on the spot.Once outside the courthouse the newlyweds part . Hammond ca n't , or wo n't , explain what she was doing outside the radio star 's apartment . Beal must trust her . For reasons unknown Hammond returns to the apartment and discovers Merrick entertaining an unidentified man -LRB- his back is to us throughout the scene . -RRB- The man is an extortionist , leaving the apartment and the distraught radio star with cash and jewelry in his pockets . Moments after the man leaves Merrick sees someone in the mirror and turns and scream . A shot is fired and Merrick is fatally wounded . The gunshot wakes the neighbors and when one of them enters the apartment they find Hammond with a smoking gun in her hand.If I write anything more about the plot I run the risk of spoiling things . WOMAN CONDEMNED is a slick little whodunit . It was directed by Dorothy Davenport , a silent movie star with over 100 movie appearances to her credit . Her last appearance before the screen occurred in 1934 . In 1913 she met and married silent screen idol Wallace Reid . In the early 1920s Reid was in an automobile accident and , as will happen , became addicted to pain medication . Reid died of a morphine overdose in 1923 , which resulted in a major scandal.WOMAN CONDEMNED is a whole lot better than it has any right to be . It was produced by the short lived poverty row studio Progressive Pictures , a studio which existed just long enough in the mid-30s to produce less than 10 pictures , most of them mild exploitation flicks . WOMAN CONDEMNED was directed by a woman and its major protagonist is a woman . In fact the movie features two women protecting a secret , and their male counterparts are n't much more than two sacks of testosterone straining at the leash.That the movie holds together as well as it does for the first fifty minutes is a tribute to the deft direction of Davenport . The movie transcends its humble origins for the final ten minutes and delivers a powerful closing scene . Claudia Dell owns this movie for those last few minutes . I was a little surprised to search her name on the internet and discover that she 's probably best known for playing Spanky 's mother in a couple of Our Gangs shorts.The quality of the print is pretty poor , but I 'm inclined to cut Alpha Video some slack on this one . A title like WOMAN CONDEMNED is n't going to be a top seller and restoration is an expensive proposition . At least digitizing this title preserves it , albeit in less than pristine condition .
 Bledel is perfectly cast , conveying Logan 's insecurities , her attempts to assert herself and , as the film goes on , her steely resolve.She 's an inexperienced officer who forgets to fill her tires and has a troubled relationship with her bum of a dad . But she takes the lead in her encounters with Gando , pushing her way into his life and prompting the events that lead to the pair 's problems.Like his two lead actors , Mitrani plays his cards close to his chest . He drops just enough clues to pique our curiosity and play to our fears , while keeping us on the edge of our seat until the film 's disturbing conclusion .
 I really enjoyed this film . Unlike so many Hollywood movies , I had no idea from scene to scene where this story was going . Nice performances by Alexis Bledel and Laurent Lucas .
 This is a good look at the how much usable stuff gets thrown away but it 's not preachy or guilt-making . The Diver is entertainment all by himself , but I got an education about how much we get rid of that 's still valuable to someone .
 The main theme of this movie is `` It is our past that brought us to the present '' . If your life is full of `` what if you would had done this '' , then you would not be in the same place you are now in the present . This is a very simple concept . This movie takes the `` gift of ability to change the past to affect the present '' scenerio and does it well . The acting of the actors were great and very believable . I do n't know why all of the ranting and raving is from the other reviewers , maybe they ca n't just sit down and enjoy a movie for what it is and accept it for what it is trying to say . I recommend this movie to anyone that likes the concept of `` what we do in the past brings us to the present and also affects us in the future '' .
 The show was good . Different from the first one but was well worth watching
 My Opinion
 I actually enjoyed this movie a lot ! I originally watched it because it has Erica Durance in it and I liked the first movie . I dont know why this movie is only rated 2 stars but it was really good and deserves more . The acting was not bad at all . You actually start to feel for the characters and the situation . When the movie starts you know something bad is going to happen because everything seems so perfect and surreal . Then all hell breaks loose and you 're in for a crazy ride . I give this movie four stars out of five because i didnt like the ending . I wish they would have ended up staying together instead of him sacrificing himself for her happiness . But the fact that she ended up happy and with a little Nick made it pretty cool : - -RRB-
 This is a great movie . Just be sure to watch part 1 first and then part 3 after to make it a better viewing experience .
 The story is similar to the earlier one in that a person tries to change his past to make it better and each time makes it worse . The cure he comes up with is to kill himself . Surely it is a bit over the top . Surely some decisions he make surely would have worked out better.What I did miss is the first version has some interesting discussions in the special features which I thought were good.If you have not seen the first one then I suggest you skip it and see this one . If you have seen the first one , then you have seen this one too as it is so similar .
 i seen part 1 and loved it . and then i read the reviews of people saying that this movie sucked . but i took a chance because Erica Durance is in it and purchased this movie ... and i absolutely loved this film ... i personally liked this one better than the first ... i cant wait till part 3
 seriously what do u guys want ?? . . i cant really say this one as good as the first but no way this movie is worth only 2 stars ... i would say the first one is more suited for the young crowd and the second is more suited for older people
 this is a movie that i think most everyone would enjoy , it keeps you in suspense and has a very great cast
 Sometimes 2 is too much , but for this movie it was alright . The movie itself was done really well and alot stranger than the first , but still good .
 This movie has a sort of unusual atmosphere about it.I think it may have something to do with how the lighting was done.The story itself is also rather unique but it brings in many tried and true horror movie ideas such as magical pendants , zombies , and a mysterious god that grants eternal youth to people -LRB- for a price that is -RRB- . This is sort of a fun movie to watch . Because of the dark humor you never really take it too seriously.James Hong is actually quite comical at times and never really becomes a frightening character in this movie.Don ' t get impatient and turn it off before the last 30 seconds or so which contains the most dramatic scene in the entire movie.Jeff MarzanoRecommended further viewing : FrightmareGodzilla -LRB- U.S. and Japanese Versions -RRB- Godzilla 2000Godzilla vs. DestoroyahHorror HotelI Was A Teenage WerewolfInto The FireInvasion Of The Saucer MenIT ! -LRB- The Terror From Beyond Space -RRB- Mad Doctor Of Blood Island / Brides Of Blood / Beast Of BloodNot Of This Earth -LRB- original -RRB- Of Unknown OriginPhantasmPSYCHOThe Blob -LRB- with Steve McQueen -RRB- The Brain That Would n't DieThe Flesh EatersThe Fly / The Return Of The Fly / The Curse Of The FlyThe Four Skulls Of Jonathan DrakeThe Haunting -LRB- original -RRB- The Hideous Sun DemonThe Hypnotic EyeThe Incredible Shrinking ManThe Indestructible ManThe MansterThe Night Stalker -LRB- TV movie from the 70s -RRB- The Thing -LRB- from another world -RRB- The Thing -LRB- John Carpenter 's remake 1982 -RRB- The Thing That Could n't DieThe Twilight Zone Collections
 I was expecting The Vineyard to be extremely gross based on some things I had heard on the Internet . I did find this movie a bit gross , but not to an extreme degree . For me , it 's mostly a slick , hilarious horror film that is ahead of its time.The pace is fairly quick overall and the colours tend to be brighter than in most horror movies . Also , I thought the special effects were good , but also funny.It has a couple of scenes that are genuinely a bit scary , but it 's mostly just fun and gore.I hope you enjoy it as much as I did !
 I 've been looking for this title a long time and found it here for a good price . New and unused . Great service by seller . Very fast international shipping . Highly recomended seller . Would buy from again .
 This show never disappoints . One of the greatest cartoons of all time and one of the most important shows too ! Season 3 is just more classic hyjinks from da boys ! The DVD transfer could be better for such a new show , but it looks as good as past seasons .
 South Park fans have , no doubt , already seen the episodes from the third season and know if they like them or not . If you like these episodes , this DVD gets right to them . There are no corny introductions by Trey Parker and Matt Stone that were on the first two seasons.I am not that crazy about the third season episodes -LRB- Jakovosaurs , for example , is one of the most annoying ones I 've seen -RRB- but there are some gems
 Unlike Season 2 - Season 3 brings tears to my eyes !!! It is so F ^ $ # % funny !!! If you get offended by this ... you should relax ... everyone is picked on equally . Any fan of South Park should definately own this masterpiece !
 Season 3 , like the others , is truly awesome , especially considering they were working on a great epic movie while churning out these episodes . Some have spoke negatively on the commentaries , but I think they were perfect - concise , to the point , insightful , and funny - just like the episodes themselves . Bring on Season 4 !
 This CD contains some of my favorite episodes of the show.Some did n't like the commentary , but I think it adds some real insight into the genius of the guys who made this show ... enjoy ...
 First thing
 Let 's get something straight ... I have season 1 of this series already . What did n't I like about it ? There were no ` chapter ' selects ... you had to fast forward through episodes to get to the scenes you liked in certain shows . The only chapter selects consisted of the episodes themselves . Well . . season 3 fixes this problem , as there are a good amount of places for you to skip around through each show in . Also , the ` commentary-mini 's ' are great and informative , although you 'd like them to last a couple minutes longer each one . Kudos to Paramount for doing what the brothers Warner could n't , and that 's pave the way for some ` sweet ' DVD releases of South Park seasons that fan 's can really enjoy.Season 3 works on many levels , it 's strong , like the Simpsons season 3 , in that it kind of paved the way for how the shows of the future would be , and it did n't rely on ` shock value ' , as it actually had funny and ... fudged up moments in it that are well worth your time . I 'm sure you know the shows are funny , and even the ones that are n't a ` hit ' and are more ` miss ' . . rest assured theres at least one scene in every show that 'll have you rolling on the floor . And as Trey says . . if you have season 2 . . throw it away . Or as I say , sell it to someone and put it towards the purchase of South Park Season 3 . I give this set 4 out of 5 stars because there could have been more extra 's . . but I 'm a sucker for commentaries , and unlike most people that drone on and on about crap , the commentary-mini 's are hilarious . Here 's hoping for that Orgazmo Special Edition DVD that everone 's waiting for . Now I 'm gon na go eat some City Wok .
 some of SP 's funniest episodes -LRB- Red Badge of Gayness , Rainforest Schmainforest , etc -RRB- and a very cool -LRB- and obscure -RRB- reference to the Star Wars Holiday Special -LRB- fighting the frizzies ... -RRB- . Also has the worst SP episode ever
 Thank god they dumped Warner for Paramount ! Now I can say I got my moneys worth ! I was really shocked of what this dvd offers for you
 Ok this was probably the best season of the three seasons that I 've bought -LRB- I 'll get the 4th soon -RRB- . With the World Wide Recorder concert episode definitely taking the award for best ever . A must buy for anyone remotely interested in South Park .
 The third season of South Park is funnier than ever . This is a review of season three 's episodes and NOT on the DVD box set that has not yet been released.The season gets 5 Stars over all rating.Rainforest Shmainforest 5 Stars - This is part one of an unofficial two parter . Gust voice Jennifer Aniston . The boys get sent to Costa Rica -LRB- Someone that rated this said Puerto Rico , not a true fan if he ca n't even get the location right , I 'm sure he 'll revise his review when he reads this -RRB- by Mr. Mackey to sing in the kids choir `` Getting Gay with Kids '' . The group gets lost in the Rainforest when a reptile eats their guide . Cartman saves the day.Spontaneous Combustion 5 Stars - This is part two of an unofficial two parter . The mayor wants Stan 's dad to figure out why the citizens of South Park are spontaneously combusting and Stan and Kyle Crucify Cartman so that he can be resurrected . In hopes that Kyle 's dad can get an erection.The Succubus 4 Stars - The boys become worried when chef falls in love with a demon sent from hell in the shape of a woman . Cartman has all kinds of eye problems.Tweek vs. Craig 5 Stars - The boys bet on who would win in a fight between Tweek and Craig and then instigate the fight.Jackovasaurs 4 Stars - The kids discover an ancient race of creatures . However , they are the most annoying creatures ever to exist . Cartman get `` Authority `` Sexual Harassment Panda 4 Stars - A man in a panda suit comes to South Park to teach kids about sexual harassment after the town realizes there is a sexual harassment problem in the community.Cat Orgy 5 Stars - This is part one of an unofficial three parter . Ms. Cartman goes to a Meteor Shower Party at Mr. Mackey 's house . Cartman and Shelly fight with each other while she is baby-sitting him and Shelly 's twenty something year old boyfriend Skyler comes over.Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub 5 Stars - This is part two of an unofficial three parter . Stan and Kyle 's dad end up in a hot tub together naked and they do something in front of each other . Stan is stuck in Mr. Mackey 's basement with Butters , Pip , and Dougie during the Meteor Shower Party . The FBI/ATF thinks it 's a cult party and they try to break it up.Jewbilee 5 Stars - This is part three of an unofficial three parter . Kyle and Kenny go to a Jewish scout camp . This is the same night as the Meteor Shower.What makes this an unofficial three part series is that all three episodes are on the night of the Meteor Shower , all four boys are in one of the three episodes and the FBI/ATF is seen speeding to Mr. Mackey 's house in all three episodes.Chinpokomon 5 Stars - Some familiar looking Japanese toys brainwash every kid in America and convince the children to attack Pearl Harbor for Japanese honor.Starvin Marvin in Space 5 Stars - The Boys help Starvin Marvin when some missionaries invade his country . A Star Wars spoofKorn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery 4 Stars - The Band Korn help the boys solve a Halloween mystery in this hilarious Scooby-Doo spoof.Hooked on Monkey Phonics 5 Stars - Two strange , sheltered home-school kids decide to go to South Park Elementary.The Red Badge of Gayness 5 Stars - Cartman decides to conquer America and change the outcome of the Civil War to win a bet with Stan and Kyle.Mr . Hankey 's Christmas Classics 5 Stars - a collection of South Park Christmas songs , hosted by none other than Mr. Hankey.Are you there God ? It 's Me , Jesus 5 Stars - Jesus is upset that no one cares about him anymore . Cartman thinks he is having a period because he 's bleeding out of his backside . He rubs it in to the other boys saying that he has hit puberty before them.World Wide Recorder Concert 5 Stars - The boys come up with an outrageous plan to get revenge on some New York kids who made fun of them . The plan involves finding the brown note , a note that when played make you loose control of your BMs.Not sure what if any Special Features will be included . I would love to see Parker/Stone Commentaries on at least a few episodes .
 This is one of the greatest seasons for south park . You could watch these over and over , with out comercials !!! Rainforest Shmainforest - The boys get sent to Costa Rica by Mr. Mackey to sing in the kids choir `` Getting Gay with Kids '' . While there , the group gets lost in the jungle . Jennifer Aniston is hilarious as the choir teacher-8 / 10Spontaneous Combustion - The mayor wants Stan 's dad to figure out why the citizens of South Park are spontaneously combusting . Also , Stan and Kyle tie Cartman to a cross so that he can be ressurected-9 / 10The Succubus - The boys become worried when chef falls in love with a weird woman and gets engaged to her . This is the first appearance of chef 's hilarious parents-10 / 10Tweek vs. Craig - The boys bet on who would win in a fight between Tweek and Craig-9 / 10Jackovasaurs - The kids discover an ancient race of creatures . However , they are the most annoying creatures ever to exist-7 / 10Sexual Harassment Panda - A man in a panda suit comes to south park to teach kids about sexual harassment-9 / 10Cat Orgy - Cartman and Shelly fight with each other while she is baby-sitting him-10 / 10Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub - Stan is stuck in Mr. Mackeys basement with Butters , Pip , and Dougie during a party-9 / 10Jewbilee - Kyle and Kenny go to a Jewish scout meeting-7 / 10Chinpokomon - some familiar looking Japanese toys brainwash every kid in America-9 / 10Starvin Marvin in Space - The Boys help Starvin Marvin when some missionairies invade his country-9 / 10Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery - The Band Korn help the boys solve a Halloween mystery in this hilarious Scooby-Doo spoof-9 / 10Hooked on Monkey Phonics - Two strange , sheltered home-school kids decide to go to South Park Elementary-10 / 10The Red Badge of Gayness - Cartman decides to conquer America and change the outcome of the Civil War to win a bet with Stan and Kyle-9 / 10Mr . Hankey 's Christmas Classics - a collection of South Park Christmas songs-9 / 10Are you there God ? It 's Me , Jesus - Jesus is upset that no one cares about him anymore . Cartman thinks he is having a period-9 / 10World Wide Recorder Concert - The boys come up with a ridiculous plan to get revenge on some New York kids who made fun of them-10 / 10All of these episodes are hilarious . You have to buy this .
 The Third season of South Park is by far the best season . Nothing could top this . Every episode is hilarious , even Jackovasaurs . Since I am the first reviewer , I will list the episodes.Rainforest Shmainforest - The boys get sent to Costa Rica by Mr. Mackey to sing in the kids choir `` Getting Gay with Kids '' . While there , the group gets lost in the jungle . Jennifer Aniston is hilarious as the choir teacher.Spontaneous Combustion - The mayor wants Stan 's dad to figure out why the citizens of South Park are spontaneously combusting . Also , Stan and Kyle tie Cartman to a cross so that he can be ressurected.The Succubus - The boys become worried when chef falls in love with a weird woman and gets engaged to her . This is the first appearance of chef 's hilarious parents.Tweek vs. Craig - The boys bet on who would win in a fight between Tweek and Craig.Jackovasaurs - The kids discover an ancient race of creatures . However , they are the most annoying creatures ever to exist.Sexual Harassment Panda - A man in a panda suit comes to south park to teach kids about sexual harassment.Cat Orgy - Cartman and Shelly fight with each other while she is baby-sitting him.Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub - Stan is stuck in Mr. Mackeys basement with Butters , Pip , and Dougie during a party.Jewbilee - Kyle and Kenny go to a Jewish scout meeting.Chinpokomon - some familiar looking Japanese toys brainwash every kid in America.Starvin Marvin in Space - The Boys help Starvin Marvin when some missionairies invade his country.Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery - The Band Korn help the boys solve a Halloween mystery in this hilarious Scooby-Doo spoof.Hooked on Monkey Phonics - Two strange , sheltered home-school kids decide to go to South Park Elementary.The Red Badge of Gayness - Cartman decides to conquer America and change the outcome of the Civil War to win a bet with Stan and Kyle.Mr . Hankey 's Christmas Classics - a collection of South Park Christmas songs.Are you there God ? It 's Me , Jesus - Jesus is upset that no one cares about him anymore . Cartman thinks he is having a period.World Wide Recorder Concert - The boys come up with a ridiculous plan to get revenge on some New York kids who made fun of them.All of these episodes are hilarious . You have to buy this .
 South Park , what can I say . Being a teenager , it 's hard to exploain the instinctive attraction to South Park . Is it the witty dialogue ? No . Is it the animation ? No . Is it the songs that regurlarly intrude the characters world ? No.It 's all of them , helped along by its creators.This seasons houses some of my most fave episodes.Rainforest Schmainforest - Jennifer Anniston guest stars as a environmental activist , who changes sides after the touring choir group Kenny , Stan , Kyle and Cartman were forced into gets lost in Costa Rican rainforest . Plus , young Kenny gets a girlfriend , who prevents his trademark death . -LRB- Highlight - The alternate version to the ` Getting Gay with Kids ' song -RRB- 10/10Chinpokomon - A great look at how totally not cool pokemon could have been , had they been called Chinpokomon , and controlled by Japanese people that want to take over Pearl Harbour . -LRB- Highlight - the chinpokomon called Shoe , who is indeed , a shoe -RRB- 10/10Jewbilee - One third of a special trilogy , sends Kenny and Kyle to Jewbilee , a Jewish camp , where the jews pray to ` Moses ' . Kenny sneaks along cause he wants to hang out ith Kyle , but he i = eventually has to save the world from the evil ` Haman ' . -LRB- Highlight - The ` squirts ' trying to capture a bear , but slowly being picked off one by one , to the leader 's dismay -RRB- 10/10The Succubus - Chef mysteriously falls in love with a woman , and quits his cafeteria job . The kids then discover a horrifying secret about his bride to be . -LRB- highlight - Chef 's parents arguing over the Loch Ness monster -RRB- 10/10It really is a fantastic series , better than the newer episodes , which frankly , are n't that good . It also has the best voices of all the seasons . Eventually , side characters like the Principal and the Mayor will have their voices changed . But they 're the best here .
 South Park
 Many times , something will appear in the media - be it a movie , comic book or TV show - that is shocking and winds up attracting the audience merely because of the shock value . Eventually , that quality goes away and the reader or viewer finds there is little else there . For a decade , South Park has defied this rule
 The 3rd season definitly has it 's moments but it 's another great season . unfortunately , it was also the last season to have Mary Kay Bergman -LRB- the person who played all of the women in South Park . -RRB- because later in 1999 , she killed herself . when you watch any of the episodes on the 3rd disc , excluding Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Special , you notice that the women of South Park do n't speak a word . This also has the infamous Chinpokomon -LRB- Chinpoko means Penis -RRB- is in this season .
 The third season was funny ! Out of the stories I liked
 This Marglar is so awesome that once I received my Marglar I called all my Marglars to my Marglar and we had the most amazing Marglar . We ate Marglar after Marglar and saw Marglars after Marglars from this Marglar . I am planning to buy more Marglars . Take my word , this Marglar is awesome !!
 While the first two seasons of `` South Park '' were certainly excellent , apparently they were just warmups for the sustained brilliance of Season 3 . I 'll readily admit that I 'm one of those sad people who rank seasons of TV shows , and this one is right up there with the classic fourth and fifth seasons of `` The Simpsons . '' The preceding seasons were victimized by a few duds , but this one is straight quality from beginning to end . There was always a lot going on behind the adventures of Stan , Kyle , Kenny , and Cartman , and it was here that the show 's combination of boldness , wit , and heart was finally perfected.Trey Parker and Matt Stone had already demonstrated an ability to crack up fans and offend decent people everywhere , but season 3 saw `` South Park '' really make the leap into proably the smartest and most sharply satirical show on TV . After two seasons spent developing characters and honing their approach , the show 's creators launched a full frontal assault on every aspect of life imaginable , and hit every target . Commercialism , hypocrisy , political correctness , and popular stereotypes are all held up for ridicule , and no sacred cow is safe . Since the 1999-2000 season was right around the time `` The Simpsons '' started running out of steam , it was the perfect opportunity for `` South Park '' step in as the new standard-bearer for irreverent humor.It 's obvious right off the bat that this season represents a step forward with the opening `` Rainforest Shmainforest , '' a sendup of environmental do-gooderism in which the boys and a well-meaning activist discover firsthand that the rainforest is n't all it 's cracked up to be . The unjustly neglected `` Sexual Harassment Panda '' presents a frightening , yet hilarious , vision of political correctness run amok in which everyone literally sues everyone else . The deservedly famous -LRB- or is it infamous ? -RRB- `` Chinpoko Mon '' offers more parody in 22 minutes than you might think possible , taking aim at Americans , Asians , consumerism and conformity while mocking the Pokemon trend of the late ' 90 's . `` The Red Badge of Gayness '' is a twisted modern re-imagining of the Civil War , with a Southern-accented Cartman leading a band of inebriated Confederate reenactors on a crusade to alter history and make slaves of Stan and Kyle . And `` Are You There God ? It 's Me , Jesus '' while insightfully examining the nature of religious belief in our times , also gives us a brutally hilarious image of Rod Stewart as a shriveled , incontinent geezer in a wheelchair who can do little more than groan at a much-hyped New Year 's performance.Parker and Stone had a few more great ideas up their sleeves , as well . The consecutive episodes `` Cat Orgy , '' `` Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub , '' and `` Jewbilee '' all cover the same night from the perspectives of three different protagonists . `` Hooked on Monkey Phonics '' sees two worlds colliding as Kyle falls for an innocent home-schooled girl , while `` Starvin ' Marvin In Space '' reintroduces the title character at the same time as it takes a stab at religious zealotry . And in one of the show 's most memorable episodes , the concluding `` World Wide Recorder Concert , '' Cartman searches for a note that makes those who hear it lose control of their bowels , and Mr. Garrison confronts parental demons from his childhood that are n't quite what you might expect.Animation has always had something that live-action TV lacks , and `` South Park '' is one show that provides convincing proof of that fact . Without the constraints imposed by reality , Parker and Stone are free to explore just about any idea they can think of , and they obviously have plenty of them . Despite its somewhat hefty price tag , this season is worth every penny . Many of TV 's finest moments are to be found here .
 its cool but the commentaries are too short . stick with family guy.I think thats a little better then south park .
 Easily the funniest show ever concived . It will live on forvever for its humor and boldness . Better than the movie . Now I do n't have to tape them . I can watch it everyday on the finest quality - DVD . GETTIN GAY WITH KIDS IS HILARIOUS ! I ca n't wait ! In the words of Chinpokomon
 I love South Park ! Season three is best yet on DVD . I ca n't wait to here commentaries from Matt Stone and Trey Parker.It is going to be hilarious . This is South Park at its best .
 South Park complete seasons has always been good.This has some very funny episodes ! If you want this and your parents wont let you get it remember it is edited.Overall I ca n't wait untill this comes out .
 South Park , my favorite show ever , is the greatest . Cartman is funnier than anyone . The South Park movie Bigger Longer and Uncut is the greatest 95 minutes spent of my life . The swearing is great . `` You donkey raping ... '' That 's great . And you ca n't forget the B **** Song.South Park , as Cratman says , Kick -LSB- tail -RSB- .
 I just started watching south park about 3 months ago , and like the simpsons , family guy , and futurama , i just couldnt get enough . I watched every single episode , and i bought all of the DVDs . Im reviewing this one because its one of my favorite seasons . Everyone can learn valuable lessons from south park , especially from this season . Such important lessons are
 My 11 yr old daughter is addicted to this show thanks to her dad . I 've never seen it but she was very excited to get these !
 This South Park part so you know its going to be great . Chinpokomon is halarious and the other are great and even if it did n't come out yet I 've seen all the episodes so I know it will be Kick @ $ $ .
 This has to be the funniest season of South Park with classic episodes like Tweek Vs. Craig , Chimpokomon , Are you there god ? Its me Jesus , Three Guys in a hot tub , and MANY MORE . The mini commentaries will be good . And to the other reviewer on this page who said that `` every single episode should have full length commentary '' I say , wishfull thinking , BUT NO . Stone and Parker as so rich , it doesnt matter if they release the episodes alone or with commentaries and deleted scenes ETC. .
 damn straight . this is the awesomest show on tv . i do n't know which season to tell u to buy . if ur rich buy all 4 , if not ... ? well anywayz , u should at least watch the show and the movie is good too . i bought that one .
 Not much to say . All episodes are hilarious . Have some cash and ya like SP then buy .
 Bought this to replace my existing 3rd season set , due to reading errors . This is a gorgeous set , and the episodes are awesome as always , enjoy .
 I love South Park and this is one of my favorite seasons , because of the succubus episode -LRB- actually turns out to be a foreshadowing of events to come for Chef -RRB- . There are plenty of other hysterical moments and I do recommend including it in your South Park collection .
 Season 3 continued the awesome goodness of the first two seasons of South Park , and though it was not as consistent as season 2 , it contained a few episodes that were by themselves considerably stronger than anything from the previous season . `` Rainforest Schmainforest '' and `` Chinpokomon '' together became likely my two favorite episodes at the time that I first saw them . Both are hilarious and spot-on parodies of , in turn , bleeding heart feel-good hypocritical liberalism and insane and inexplicable pop culture phenomenon pokemon . Likely the series ' best celebrity appearance ever can be seen in the episode `` Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery , '' which features the band Korn as a Scoobie Dooesque group of paranormal crime solvers . The one big blemish on this season was the episode `` Jackovasaurus , '' which tried to make fun of stupid Star Wars character Jar Jar Binks . I think that Stone and Parker miscalculated here , though , when they assumed that any representation of Jar Jar , even a farcical one , could be anything less than completely obnoxious.Finally , I 'll always be thankful for `` Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics . '' I play this episode every year on Christmas morning . Great songs .
 Talk about funny-ive never laughed so hard in my life.I about wet my pants.we have had so many hours of enjoyment watching South park.We recieved our shipment in a very timely manner.We defnately got what we paid for.The case and the cds were in perfect condition.couldnt even tell they were used.i would definately buy from this seller again .
 one of the best cartoons ever . well worth the money . mini commentaries are fun to listen to as well .
 This is a nicely done set of some of the best South Park episodes ever done . This was when South Park was really edgy and funny and is among the best the series has to offer . The price is right too .
 Rainforest Shmainforest - The boys travel to costa rica as part of `` getting gay with kids '' choir tour . When their guide is suddenly killed , the boys and the choir director must try to find their own way out of the dence and deadly rainforest.Spontanious combustion - The citezens of south park begin exploding randomly.The succubus - The boys must find a way to stop chefs girlfriend from marrying him before its too late.Jakovasaurs - A bunch of annoying creatures come to south parkTweek vs craig - Its a battle between highly caffinated tweek and a kid who likes to flip people off.Sexual harrasment panda - a panda comes to south park to inform people not to harrass others.cat oragy - shelly comes over to baby sit cartman.Two guys naked in a hot tub - Stan is dragged along to a meteor shower party.jewbilee - kyle invites kenny over to a camp for jewish kids.Korns groovy pirate ghost mystery - a halloween special.chinpoko mon - the boys become obsessed in the lattest fad from japan.hooked on monkey frolics - Cartman trys to win the spelling b.Starvin marvin in space - marvin trys to find a better place for his people.the red badge of gayness - cartman trys to make stan and kyle his slaves.Mr.Hankeys cristmas classics - songs from various people.are you there god its me jesus - Cartman thinks hes hit puberty.world wide recorder concert - Cartman will stop at nothing to find the brown noise .
 Love this episode of South Park ... Sister Hollis -LRB- Michael Ann Young -RRB- is too funny ... Classic South Park !
 This is such a great season , and I especially love the Halloween episode , featuring Korn . Prepare for lots of laughs !
 I live in bonnie Scotland and we Scots have an un-fair reputation for being careful with our pennies ... . then again when you pay twelve of the good Queens pounds for a complete season of a brilliantly funny , on the case comedy which has and will go down as one of the greatest ever written , -LRB- and that twelve quid included delivery -RRB- you would have to be nuts to buy it anywhere else.Some people may find it offensive , rude , childish , vulgar , crude , even racist ; ... . but thankfully that 's a small minded majority who should maybe find something worthwhile protesting about.As for the rest of the human race sit back and laugh along with the rest of us and if you still do n't think it 's funny then here 's an idea ... . stop watching it !
 SOUTHPARK is one of those shows that most people either love or hate.It 's easily misleading to the haters because it has so much profanity and gross bodily gestures , as well as stabs at anything Americans hold sacred -LRB- i.e. Church , liberties , etc -RRB- . During an interview , the creators made the comment that nothing could be held sacred in this series because that would have destroyed the spirit of their show.The purpose of SOUTHPARK is sometimes satirical , and , this is one of the two levels of the show . On the base level , we 've got the high school jokes and usual crude humor . For those who appreciate satire , there are deeper levels of meaning.To understand SOUTHPARK , you have to understand that they lift ideas and themes from old movies , making fun of actors , celebrities and so forth . It would take forever to list the 30 + episodes but here are some of the top ones : -LRB- 1 -RRB- SUCCUBUS
 chinpokemon , tweek vs craig , choir concert , Mr. Hankey Christmas Classics , Are u there god its me jesus , ect . there all great . If your a big fan of south park you 'll love this.can ' t wait for season 5 to come out -LRB- my favorite season -RRB-
 This season has the best episodes , my favorite was hooked on monkey phonics , and rainforest shmainforest , they were very cute and funny episodes , Kyle sing very good too . . and chinpokomon was an awesome episode I love cartman 's little whine . .
 This is one of my all-time favorite cartoons . Something about the obnoxious humor , the animation , and the fact that Kenny dies in almost every episode make this a great cartoon . And the third season was one of my favorite seasons . So here it is
 This box set is attractive , and the discs themselves do n't have the annoying features that are present on volumes one and two . Very glad to finally own these ... ca n't wait for the next seasons !
 Totally raw and amazing . Watch them in moderation because you could hurt things from busting out so much . The humor is so risky and sometimes just insane but thats what is good . Everything does n't have to so real and serious all the time . That is what I think Trey Parker adn Matt Stone were going for . These are the 2 guys behind all this insane humor . If you like any aspect of South Park you will love this season , it 's full of trips and stunts from the boys from South Park . All packed onto 3 discs . Enjoy
 I am a very huge fan of south park and I watch the show every day . Sometimes , I wo n't do my homework for half an hour just so I can watch the show . I love purchasing dvd sets for shows like this because just in case I missed anything , I know that I can just pop the dvd in and watch it . However , this dvd set will suck your wallet dry as with any of the other south park season dvd 's . The only reason I gave this dvd 5 stars is because I like the show , and I like the idea of watching a whole season in one sitting , Regardless of my complaints about pricing and lack of extras . The extras , like everybody says , are very stupid and should not even be in there . They are too short and there is not even enough of them to keep you doing something else besides watching the shows . I love the south park show because it is completely hilarious , but I hate the fact that they bleeped out all the bad words in this dvd as if it was just taped off the air . It is not enough to stop me from getting this dvd though . Besides pricing , if you are a fan of south park , you really should get this dvd , especially the third season , which is my favorite season because that is when south park finally became popular and really became born . A must have .
 `` Do n't stand in the way of my dreams , babe ! '' `` Wicky - wick , wicky - wicky - wick , wicked scratch ! Yo , yo , bang , bang ! '' `` Now , Skeeter , he ai n't hurtin ' nobody . '' `` Listen up , gang . I think I 've got this groovy mystery solved . '' `` WHAT WORD IS JAKOVASAURS ??!! COOL BEANS !! '' `` No , I 'm gon na play Jacqueline Smith . It was my idea to play Angels , and I 'm gon na be Jacqueline Smith , 'cause I thought of it ... '' `` Long live The Confedera-saw . We will prevail ... because I hate you guys ... I hate you guys so very , very much ... '' `` Sexual harrassment is when ... you 're in bed with a woman , and another man comes up and tickles your balls from behind . '' `` Do n't screw around ... You screw around too much . '' `` I think about planes dropping bombs ... and dump trucks , and soft-serve ice cream ... oh , that did it . '' `` Of course I am God ... what did you expect me to look like ... ? '' `` Lousy stupid stuffed animals tryin ' to ruin my night . '' `` All you got ta do is give us a mission , and that 's all . Just give us a mission , and us Angels will accomplish it . '' `` Lem me tell you about gettin ' a period , children ... Makin ' sweet love to you , woman ... gon na love you down nice an -- AH ! Eeewwwwwww , girl ! No , that 's cool , that 's cool -- just look out for the bedspread -- ''
 I like South Park a lot and tried to get some of my friends to like it but ! This cartoon is not too sofr core like Futurerama for example . Many people find this show pretty ofensive cause it contains a truck load of stupid and wierd humor wich is why i like it . But i am just saying that you or some other person can find this show ofensive so instead just some simpsons i guess.Persomaly though this is one of my top5 shows right there.Hope i was helpfull .
 South Park 's biggest year in my opinion was 1999 , with the movie and everything , and this season may not be as good as the movie , but still a great lot of shows . Here are my opinions on each episode :301 - Rainforest Schmainforest 9/10 Gettin Gay with kids is now on DVD ! 302 - Spontaneous Combustion 10/10 I love this concept303 - Succubus 8/10 Not as good as the 1st 2304 - Jakovasaurs 9/10 This is funny305 - Tweek Vs. Craig 10/10 Instant classic306 - Sexual Harrassment Panda 10/10 Ditto307 - Cat Orgy 8/10 Meteor shower trilogy is OK , but not as good as others from this season308 - Two Guys Naked In A Hot Tub 7/10 Least favourite from this season and of the meteor showers309 - Jewbilee 9/10 Best of the Meteor Showers310 - KORN 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery 9/10 This is a great show especially with the Antonio Banderas Blow-Up Doll311 - Chinpokomon 12/10 One of my favourite South Park episodes of all time312 - Hooked On Monkey Fonics 8/10 After Chinpokomon , this kinda turns things down a notch313 - Starvin ' Marvin In Space 10/10 Better than the 1st Starvin Marvin ! 314 - The Red Badge Of Gayness 9/10 This one is cool , Schmore Schnapps should be a real drink315 - Mr Hankey 's Christmas Classics 8/10 All songs , not as good as other xmas specials316 - Are You There God ? It 's Me , Jesus . 9/10 Very contraversial , one of the more serious episodes317 - Worldwide Recorder Concert 9/10 The Brown Noise is just plain stupid.My advice
 The third season of South Park is indeed the best out of all the nine seasons . In this season we follow Cartman , Stan , Kyle , and Kenny through many adventures including the boys joining the traveling chior '' Getting Gay with Kids '' . They also learn about Sexual Harrasment from a giant talking panda . Kyles dad and Stans dad get too freindly in the hot tub . Cartmans Cat has a sex Party . They boys also get caught up in craze of the famous chinpokemon . And they try to take over the world . We listen to the songs of christmas with Mr. Hankey the singing peice of poo as the host . The boys also travel to a recorder concert and they discover how to play music that uncontrolably makes you poop.There are many other great episodes in this season too . I just named a few . I own all the South Park Seasons and this one is by far my favorite . Season 4 is # 2 .
 Season 3 -LRB- like season 1 & 2 -RRB- are well worth the money . The only episode I did n't care for was `` Korn 's Groovy Pirate Mystery '' . But it does n't really matter because episodes like `` World Wide Recorder Concert '' , `` Sexual Harassment Panda '' and -LRB- my personal season 3 favorite -RRB- `` Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics '' . P.S. . It was just announced `` South Park Season 4 '' should be released in JUNE 2004 ! ''
 Well let me say that I am a southpark fan to heart , but this season was halarious . You get to see new characters , and everytime it seems like kenny is going to make it , something happens . Cartman is more selfish than ever , and thinks he can out smart his friends and ends up getting himself into even more trouble . If you already have the 1st and 2nd Season this one will blow you away .
 This season is definetely one of the top South Park seasons . The first episode about the Rainforest shows this very well , featuring a musical group called `` Getting Gay With Kids '' and a hilarious trip to the Rainforest . It ends up mocking the environmentalist movement while , at the same time , being one of the funniest South Park episodes ever.Another classic is the final episode which features Mr. Garrison being mad at his dad because he DID N'T molest him as a child . This is one of the funniest -LRB- and screwed up -RRB- moments in television history . Other episodes feautre Ethiopians going into space , the Japaneese taking over America with Chinpokomon , -LRB- got ta catch 'em all -RRB- the entire town of South Park trying to take over the South while drunk , and more.Also , the collection itself is very well put together . There are three DVD 's , and each contain 5-6 episodes , totalling to 17 episodes . They also contain very interesting mini-commentary from the creators , Matt Stone and Trey Parker . These are fun to listen to.Anyway , this is an excellent collection .
 This is probably my favorite South Park DVD set so far . Most of the episodes in this set are quoted by many friends , including Jakovasaurs , Sexual Harassment Panda , Chinpoko Mon , and Spontaneous Combustion . The second season was an improvement on the first , and the third season improved on the second.All fans of South Park should own have this in their collection .
 Why would n't you . This season is great . The only thing that makes it even better is the mini commentary which I find hilarious , I 'm glad they brought it back for season four . This is truly the turning point in the series . Things just start getting better .
 First of all South Park has always been hilarious through each and every episode . Back when it started I hated it for some reason , but now I see the genius of this great show . I have just finished viewing this set and I think it was better overall than the first two seasons . I guess why I love the show as much as I do is Cartman , who kills me pretty much anytime he opens his mouth . Some of the included episodes I had seen before and others I had not . I just saw Rainforest Shmainforest for the first time and it cracked me up . A lot of the dialogue from that one is centered on Cartman , and those are my favorite episodes . Another great episode is the Red Badge of Gayness , where `` General Cartman Lee '' convinces drunk Confederate soldiers in a re-enactment to march on the south , and Kenny dies at the Battle of Fort Sumter in the process . I listen to Korn , so the episode Korn 's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery is another one I hold in high regards . It has some great references to the classic Scooby-Doo series as well which is great to see.So I think that Season 3 brought more sharp humor than season 1 and 2 and the show was beginning to really achieve greatness . Overall , even with the lack of any good extras , it is a nice dvd box set to own . Yes , it is over-priced , but that is a small price to pay when you can have South Park at your disposal anytime you wish to see it . So I recommend this set , and now I will view the season 4 set that I just picked up today . I swear this show gets even better every season that passes .
 I love south park people who hate south park only watched one episode than said `` OH MY GOODNESS !!! TOO MUCH CUSSING ! '' some south park episodes dont even swear . . south park is a show that makes fun of stuff that are popular and a lot of adults might hate south park but my mom loves south park ! she used to hate it because she saw one episode called `` the death camp of tolerance '' but I showed her a couple more episodes and she loved them ! and I watched south park when it first came out , I 'm almost 19 if you are wondering my age ... and yes I am in colledge but its the weekends , and if you saw the one of the new episode of south park `` passion of jew '' I have to agree passion is just a movie about christ getting tortured for 2 hours , just watch a few watch a couple of episodes then you will probably like it , and if you think its evil its TV-MA for a reason ! I highly reccomend this for 18 or older people
 I 'm going to keep this review short and sweet . When you have Moses as the thing from Tron , you just ca n't possibly go wrong . The Chinpokomon , Meteor Shower Trilogy and the Brown Noise episodes are all classics , and Matt and Trey 's `` Commentary Mini '' are absolutely classic .
 I got this for christmas and wacthed every epiosed . I luaghed so hard my stomach hurt the next day . My faviort one is Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics . I laughed at Mr. Garrisens song and I loved Cartmans '' O'holy Nights '' I guarnte you 'll love it .
 South Park is the best thing out of the US since Marilyn Monroe.Hilarious , ca n't get enough of it . The `` micro commentary '' are fun and the episodes are excelent.I still can not stop laughing at the `` Alabaaaama Man '' commercial .
 I love the Tweek Vs Craig episode , I also like the Rainforest where you first see Craig giving Mr.Mackey the bird.My favorite is Mr. Hankey 's Christmas Classics , The songs were so funny , except Shelly , She 's so mean.I wish someone would give her a good licking . I did n't know there was a Seinfeld-like thing on South Park.I should get it next time .
 South Park Season 3 is just what I expected . Another great addition in this series and it was well worth the money . It 's so great having all of these episodes at my disposal where I can watch them whenever I want .
 South park is probably the best cartoon ever made , it is much better than simpsons or futurama although they are funny as well.Anybody with a sense of humour should like it , my favourite character is timmy or cartman , i enjoy watching the commentary at the beginning of the episodes although unfortunately they did n't put any in the second season . I am 13 , and i think this is n't too grown up for most people of my age , the swearing is n't that bad and people of my age with any sense will understand all of it .
 This is a amazing dvd , HAS SPANISH AUDIO , the only thing that i did n`t like was that there are no subtitules.BUY THIS DVD NOW & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ;
 this is a good dvd . i just bought it and i cant stop laughing . this is one of the funniest shows of all time . along with family guy , beavis and butt-head , simpsons futurama , king of th hill all those shows like that . the thing with this dvd is its from paramount dvd , so it has commentary from matt and trey . the thing is that is the only special feature , like behind the scenes you know the making of it or at least a music video from chef or something like that . and its 17 episodes and only 3 disc . not thats bad or anything its just that when i heard it was 17 episodes , i thought it was gon na be like 4 disc or something like that . but other than all those things its pretty good .
 I 'm only 14 and south park is by far my favorite program on tv . Many Parents insist that s. park is foul and dirty . I am sure many of these parents have n't even watched five min . of the show . When The show first came out . My parents thought it was vile . One night flipping through the channels we stopped on comedy central and found south park . We watched in utter disbelief and amusement as cartman dresses up like Hitler -LRB- worshipping Mel Gibson -RRB- and lectures about the Passion of The Christ . The content would surely be considered offensive by a large amount of people . Nothing is sacred . My faith was attacked and so was that of the jews and others . I realize that mayby I was supposed to be offended by the show yet I was not . The show does n't sigle out jews and humiliate them , it singles out everyone and humilates everyone . I then understood that s. park was n't offensive after all . I also understood one more thing why south park is such a fabulous show .
 this is the greates show that was ever made dont ever take it off the t.v !!! i love it me and my mom stay up for hours waiting for it to come on monddays through fridays 9:3 - you should play it more often1 i am known as tweak and everyone in our group is known as a south park charicter ! anyway i love your show i wouldent live withougth it !
 Trey Parker and Matt Stone were at the time making the South Park movie as well as creating the show so certain episodes fall flat while others were just downright hilarious . It does n't really have an effective finale like usual but it 's still a great season.Rainforest Schmainforest
 Season Three of SOUTH PARK was funny funny funny despite -LRB- or maybe because -RRB- Matt and Trey were strung out from doing the movie and the show simultaneously . The season starts off strong with Jennifer Aniston as a touring choir director out to save the rainforest , and every episode afterwards is just as good ! They skewer everything -- Pokemon , The Stations of the Cross , Sexual Harassment ... you name it!One reviewer on down the line said they did not approve of the BAD LANGUAGE ! What the hell !??! I was shocked to see the bleeps still in the show like they aired on COMEDY CENTRAL , but they sort of make it funny . The mini-commentaries -LRB- each episode gets 4 minutes ! -RRB- are a scream ! SOUTH PARK like the SIMPSONS has somehow kept up its bite and edge over the years , and SEASON THREE is no exception . All the stuff we love - Kenny still dies in every episode , Cartman still whines `` Screw you guys I 'm going home ! '' and `` Repect my authority ! '' , and several satirical songs come to life -LRB- I really liked the SEXUAL HARASSMENT PANDA song - turn the volume up and you can hear the lyrics ! -RRB- . SOUTH PARK came of age in Season 3 , and established itself as a trend and fad that would not fade .
 Simultaneously produced with the brilliant South Park feature film , the third season of South Park was when it was proof that the wildly irreverant show was here to stay . Containing some of the series ' most brilliant and hilarious episodes -LRB- including `` The Succubus '' , `` Tweek VS Craig '' , `` Starvin ' Marvin in Space '' , and `` Hooked on Monkey Phonics '' -RRB- , season 3 was comedic gold from it 's premiere on . The three episode `` Meteor Shower Party '' trilogy -LRB- all three episodes take place on the same night -RRB- is the highlight here
 I love having South Park in my DVD collection ! I have the other two as well and it just keeps getting better and better ! My favorite is a tie between Cat orgy and Chinpokomon ... I just love the idea of mixing adult humor with animation ! Ca n't wait to get more
 There is some absolutely classic , ca n't miss stuff on this season of the greatest animated series ever . `` The Succubus '' is an often underrated episode that anyone that 's ever been with a life sucking woman will undoubtedly love , and `` Mr Hankey 's Christmas Classics '' have some of the funniest songs ever produced on the show -LRB- see the Dreidel Song -LRB- sp ? -RRB- -RRB- . Overall , not my absolute favorite season ever , but it is the best one that has come out on DVD so far , so if you liked the first two , you 'll like this one also . And please , stop the whining about the `` mini-commentaries '' and how they 've somehow ruined the DVDs . Matt and Trey have ALWAYS done things their way , and that 's what makes South Park and almost all of their subsidiaries great comedy to those who `` get it '' and dispicable to those that do n't . I , for one , get it . And I do n't know if I 'm right or wrong , but I personally think it 'd be VERY boring to talk through an entire episode of south park , detailing frame-for-frame how and why they did what they did -LRB- not to mention that it 'd be almost intolerable to listen to -RRB- . And also , do n't think that Trey and Matt somehow owe you anything for spending your money on this , cuz they do n't . The only thing that they owe you is to produce quality shows , cuz if and when the time comes that they do n't , I 'm sure that South Park 's `` loyal '' fans will have no problem bolting on them . So get over yourselves if you actually believe they owe you or any other South Park fan something for buying this .
 the third season of south park offers more episodes of the adventure of cartman , kenny , stan , and kyle . we see episodes from visiting the rainforest -LRB- with jen aniston as a guest voice -RRB- , renactment of the civil war which then becomes real , the great chinpokomon fad , the christmas special were stan and kyle are killed , and of course the discovery of the brown note . unlike the first two season this one gets rid of the annoying short stints at the begining and just gives use the episode up front . so its time to get on your winter coat and head to south park .
 This is the season that SP really got good . If you gave up after season 1 and 2 , do yourself a favor and check out this season . It really takes off . It 's worth it for the Mr. Hanky christmas special which had me laughing out loud with the opening song about poo .
 Great item , and I 'm enjoying it , thanks ! Great sale too ! Item came to me very quickly ! I 'm very happy with my order !
 This made a great for my ex when we were together . He loves South Park and has every season thanks to me
 ` South Park
 A very young Jane Powell is the appealing leading lady in DELIGHTFULLY DANGEROUS , in which she plays the younger sister of a brassy showgirl -LRB- Constance Moore -RRB- . Ralph Bellamy plays the love interest who gets himself entangled with both sisters . Fans of Powell will be the ones who 'll most appreciate this 1945 gem from the ` Poverty Row ' film studio Astor Pictures.The following year , Powell was signed to a contract at M-G-M and began a string of fine musical comedies , commencing with `` Holiday in Mexico '' and culminating in 1955 with `` Hit the Deck '' . Fine support is provided by Morton Gould and his orchestra -LRB- musical numbers include `` Once Upon a Song '' , `` Through Your Eyes ... To Your Heart '' and `` I 'm Only Teasin ' '' -RRB-
 Not nearly as lavish as Luxury Liner or Holiday in Mexico , and only b & w. And Morton Gould is no Cugat or Iturbi . But it has lots of funny teenage moments . The music is not nearly the quality of the afore mentioned movies . If it were n't for Treacher , I would only have given it 3 stars .
 Fans of the gorgeous Jane Powell will be the ones who 'll most enjoy this 1945 musical gem from ` Poverty Row ' movie studio Astor Pictures/Hunt Stromberg Productions . It was Jane Powell 's first starring role in a movie , and her promising talent is evident for all to see here.Powell plays aspiring music student Sherry Williams , who idolizes her older sister Josephine -LRB- Constance Moore -RRB- , a big musical comedy star . After being encouraged by visiting Broadway producer Arthur Hale -LRB- Ralph Bellamy -RRB- , Sherry plucks up enough courage to visit her sister in the city , and ask about starting in showbusiness . Imagine her shock when she discovers that Josephine earns her money as burlesque cutie-patootie `` Bubbles Barton '' ... Sherry decides to get Josephine out of the burlesque scene by having Arthur bankroll a musical for them both to star in.There 's a fun role for the ever-reliable Arthur Treacher as the trusty butler Jeffers ; and the cast also features Louise Beavers and Ruth Tobey.Here in her very first movie musical , Jane Powell displays the pert , easygoing nature that would endear her to a generation of moviegoers . There are some snappy musical numbers arranged and performed by the Morton Gould Orchestra -LRB- `` In a Shower of Stars '' , `` Once Upon a Song '' , `` Through Your Eyes ... To Your Heart '' , `` I 'm Only Teasin ' '' -RRB- . The following year , Powell would sign a contract with M-G-M and go on to star in a series of legendary movie musicals that are still being enjoyed today -LRB- `` Two Weeks with Love '' , `` Seven Brides for Seven Brothers '' , `` Royal Wedding '' -RRB- .
 Starving actress is a hilarious and interesting pilot . This was a comedic piece which succeeded in giving the audience a peek into unadulterated life of an actress hustling and flowing through Hollywood . I finished watching the clip wondering if there would be more episodes .
 This pilot episode made me an instant fan of STARVING ACTRESS and its plucky , demented protagonist . I laughed out loud many times watching this . Hosogai is a deranged comic genius !
 If you like to laugh , and you enjoy raw , in-your-face comedy , you 'll like STARVING ACTRESS . The Actors are in top form , and the writing is Blunt and true to Hollywood life ! WELL DONE cast .
 This Pilot is really cool !! Bravo to people who believe in themselves and can put out their own pieces of art ...
 Like the title says , it needs no introduction . At least to those who know of the show . As far as everyone else goes , just make sure you can stomach it . haha . It 's a brilliant show that touches on many topics . Every character in the show has their own reason for being so funny and it never gets old ! It 's one of the best comedies to ever grace the television and leave it up to FX to push the envelop like they do so well .
 If you have never seen this show , I would highly recommend that you give it a try if you enjoy sick , borderline gross humor . It pushes the envelope quite a bit but is so ridiculously funny that you just accept the crude topics and forget that normal people would never do/say/eat that . It may not be for everyone though , so you may want to find a short trailer or commercial of the show before buying the whole season . That being said , I think it is some of the most creative writing and witty dialogue since the Seinfeld days .
 If you like Seinfeld , Curb Your Enthusiasm , Arrested Development this show is a must see . Its very funny and like Curb and Arrested , probably not for the easily offended.Its only a pity that this does not seem to be getting a Region 2 release , i waited and waited and eventually gave up and bought the American Region 1 -LRB- and got a cheap multiregion player -RRB- version , mainly because the channel that showed it here in Ireland only appears to have shown the first two seasons , they 've been taken over now and I hold out no hopes of it being on again , not to mention the further series 3 and 4 !!! Fantastic show - long may it last
 I love this show but never got into until after the first season . With this dvd I got to catch episodes I 've never seen before , and get commentary from the cast . If you like the t.v make sure you get this dvd .
 great show , i watch em all the time . the season finale of the new season -LRB- 4 -RRB- btw was the best episode yet
 I forgot what it felt like to laugh until I saw this gem of a show . Pay the money for this ! Love it , quote it , and laugh your way to the bank .
 There 's not much to say that has n't already been said . I love the characters . They try to rationalize every morally bankrupt decision they make , as if they do n't know any better .
 It started with Arrested Development and continues with this hilariously funny skit comic relief about a family of degenerates that run an Irish Bar . I find myself laughing till I cant breathe ! Thats stuff money can buy - so go buy Sunny already !
 This is honestly one of the best sitcoms on t.v. right now ! Not a lot of people know about it , but if you give it a chance and you have a sence of humor you will LOVE it ! The new season starts Fall of 2008 ! It 's very smart and very orginal - something that 's missing from t.v. right now !
 Funny , Funny Funny . It like watches SNL back in the day when everything they then was funny .
 Very happy with this purchase . Super fast delivery at Christmas time . Show is hilarious , ca n't wait to get seasons 3 and 4 .
 Always Sunny in Philadelphia is the funniest show I have ever seen , and seasons 1 and 2 are not only great , they can be watched over and over . Buy them NOW . They are cheap , and Amazon is a great place to buy these DVD 's from . My first order was lost in the mail , and Amazon did not hesitate to get me the DVD 's when I contacted them .
 Seriously ... I think that says it all ! If you have a slightly twisted sense of humor you will love this show , and buying it allows you to watch it over and over again . Which you will want to do .
 Both season one and season two are by far the best from It 's Always Sunny . Once you watch them both you will find yourself addicted and will probably order seasons 3 & 4 like I did . Great show !
 This show is awesome . It is consistently entertaining and funny . I wish I started watching this show when it first came out . I LOVE it and so does my husband ! We have been telling everyone we know to watch the show if they do n't already .
 The premise is not new , but the execution is hilarious . Not all episodes have the wit and twisted humor , but most do deliver the goods .
 I have learned to become nervous when a movie or TV show is billed as `` politically incorrect '' and thus funny . I find that in most cases politically incorrect means that Hollywood targets the republicans -LRB- yawn -RRB- , or your treated to an endless stream of teenage boy fart and poop jokes . But , I finally decided to give this show a try and ordered the DVD . I was n't dissapointed . I am amazed at how many different topics they landed on and took them down varied paths of politically incorrectness . The element of surprise is definitely there , which translates into a very funny , well written series . I would recommend this to people who want something fresh and wo n't be easily offended if their politics are `` challanged '' . I would think a little bit harder in recommending this to the younger crowd , parents should probably preview this first and decide if it is right for them .
 I almost never find much of anything on T.V. funny , but this show has it . Comedy that can be considered offensive , and way out there ... but the writers/actors do n't give a damn , which gives them almost no limitations with what they will do , and I love it . The show was a riot before Danny DeVito was a part of the cast , but now that he 's on the show , it has gone from a riot to freakin ' hilarious . Each character is great in their own way .
 Our whole family enjoys the horrible disfunction of Frank , his kids and their hilarious pals.There is no topic these writers keep sacred and that is part of the fun . If you are not easily offended by anything this show is definitly for you .
 `` It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia '' is definitely one of my favorite shows and one of the best shows on TV . The writing is outstanding ! I think some of the best shows on TV are those that are written by the actors and this one is no exception.Some of the best episodes from the first and second season include `` Underage Drinking
 I was pleasantly surprised with this `` out of the box '' series . Good writing , good acting , laugh out loud situations . Devito showing up in the second season gave it a little boost as he 's always dependable for turning the mundane into the hilarious.It 's basically about 3 jackass friends in Philly who own a bar and get themselves into offbeat situations . What I liked best is that it is not the clice venue for the young and the beautiful . It often hi-lightes the old and the ugly and in doing so cultivates a good portion of the laughs.Worth you time and money ... bg
 If you are looking for a `` different '' kind of sitcom , look no further . This series is a bit unusual , but very , very funny -LRB- for adults -RRB- .
 This is a great little dark comedy that basically hits on all sorts of inappropriate and non-PC subjects . The difference between this and other sitcoms is that the humor is generally fairly low key and conversational -LRB- plus no insulting laugh tracks that try to prompt laughter from insipid jokes -RRB- . The characters are all relatable , and the small cast makes the most of the material each episode . This is a good one to watch !
 This show is absolutely hilarious and I ca n't wait for season 3 to come out on dvd .
 This DVD is absolutely hilarious . It is a little bit light on the extra features , but that is understandable for a show with a low budget and in its first few seasons .
 This show is by far , one of the best show 's ever ! The cast works great together and the storylines are written to perfection everytime leaving you laughing and wanting more . Some shows cover some touchy subjects that some people might find offensive , but it always comes around on the characters in the end . Besides , some people obviously need to lighten up and enjoy the humor for what it is . ha ha ha Highly reccomend this show to everyone . A show well done !
 Big fan of the showLaughed so hard the first time i watched the showafter that i was hooked
 Anyone that enjoys ASIP will love this DVD set . You can watch any episode of seasons one and two at your leisure and as many times as you want .
 This is an absolutley histarical show . The dialogue between the character is really reminiscent of Seinfeld , only more modern day , and somehow less believable . The scripts are just brilliant , and the acting is great . Especially the guy who plays Charlie , he just nails that character perfectly . What 's even better is the neweset season , which just had its season finally a couple months ago . If you like the first two seasons of this show as I do , you will for sure love the newest season .
 This show is great , what a secret it is . too bad more people dont know about it . a budget means nothing if you have great writers as this show does . buy it ! you wont regret it . i cant wait for just finished season 3 to come on dvd .
 This has to be the funniest show on tv right now . I 've been waiting a very long time for the boxsets to come out because FX never show reruns . The casts is great , especially season 2 when they got Danny Devitto . This show is kindda like Seinfield but a lot funnier . The writing is great and the whole cast is hilirilous .
 A + I love this show , just buy it already . . `` Go for it , go for it ! ''
 What can I add to the praise that 's already been heaped here ? Did you ever think someone would produce a comedy with plotlines centering on the main characters getting hooked on crack just to get public on assistance ? Join the pro-life movement-solely to hit on a hot chick ? Make an Islamic terrorist tape to threaten off a potential muslim neighbor whose taking over their bar ? Use a friend 's cancer as an excuse to get a date with a girl ? You 'll laugh yourself silly ... even the promos for Season 3 are profane take-offs on the P.C. / Mac commericals . Politically incorrect in every way possible , the closest thing to National Lampoon 's no-sacred-cow humor in it 's glory days .
 This series is the funniest show I have ever seen . The 2 season set is a must-have for all Sunny fans . This show is priceless .
 Great episode . My favorite part is the end when Mac gets mad at Dennis . If you 've never seen IASIP , you have to start .
 This show is the best tv show ever made in human history . Ever since I started watching I said this show should the top comedy show .
 It is the beginning of a hilariously witty , intelligent yet mindless , bizzare , politically incorrect , perfect comedy series for the mature yet immature adult . Each episode is short , but very sweet .
 See all other reviews . I must now type 16 more words . I wonder if symbols count @ # % & ** ! No they do not !
 This is one of my absolute favorite shows , and everyone I know who has watched it loves it . If you 're into quirky , politically incorrect comedy , I highly recommend this series .
 just wrote a review for season 3 , pretty much can say the same thing . The show is extremely funny , but not for the easily offended . The actors are all hilarious and bring something to the show . Since this includes the first season , I have to say I loved how they started off with a BANG in the first few episodes , obviously on purpose , but with controversial subject matter and did it so well .
 Who says the sitcom is dead ? Not since Arrested Development has a sitcom been this truly hysterical and quick paced that you do n't know what to expect next . It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , originally premiering on the FX network in 2005 , revolves around four friends
 Anybody can make a comedy about a gang of hard-drinking idiots who get into amusing situations . But it takes genuine perspective and brains to make that kind of humor work on more than one level , to make it pay off with any kind of irony , to make it say something about culture and society and that old cold cruel finger of fate.Time and again , `` It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia '' pulls off those mean feats.Perfect example
 Its the show you and your friends wish you wrote . Laugh Out loud funny . I 'm psyched i can finally get the DVD 's so i can delete the 2 seasons off my tivo .
 Take equal parts `` Arrested Development '' and `` Seinfeld '' and add in a little `` South Park '' and you have `` It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia . `` Not since the departure of `` Arrested '' has there been such a narcissistic group of characters . In fact , these folks make the Bluth bunch seem downright nice . FX 's lowbrow comedy features a trio of friends who co-own an Irish pub - Dennis , Mac , and Charlie -LRB- who also co-created and write the series -RRB- . Adding some estrogen to the mix is Dennis ' twin sister Dee , an aspiring actress . They leave nothing sacred and no taboo safe from scorn . Like the Seinfeld gang , they are equal opportunity offenders - other races , religions , elderly , and even the disabled - each is treated with the same nihilistic disdain.Whether the gang is trying to `` altruistically '' give teens a safe drinking haven , fighting over who 's the sexiest man candy to their suddenly all male-clientele , coaching a team of at-risk youths in a basketball league , tossing flaming poop bombs into neighboring businesses , changing sides while cruising for hot chicks in a pro-choice/life rally , `` banging '' an inappropriate partner , or running for office hoping to resign with a bribe , each episode is pure comic genius . And the casting of swarthy and height challenged Danny DeVito as the twins father -LRB- who 'd much rather be a buddy -RRB- in the second season is an inspired choice.Touted as Seinfeld on crack -LRB- and two characters even experiment with it to secure unemployment benefits -RRB- , no character is more put upon then Charlie . Like Kenny from South Park , many of the episodes are devoted to putting him in harm 's way -LRB- `` Charlie Gets Crippled ; Charlie Got Molested ; Charlie Gets Cancer '' -RRB- . He is the underdog that has an on-going attachment to the unnamed waitress and a history with the creepily incestuous McPoyle siblings . If you like lowbrow humor -LRB- and apparently I do -RRB- , this show is guaranteed to keep you laughing and tuning in to repeated viewings . I still can not believe what they managed to get past the censors!TJ Vest , August 2008
 This comedy series definately is n't for everybody . It 's a completely different species than `` Two and a Half Men '' or `` War At Home '' . This is a thinkers comedy series in that the jokes come fast so you really have to pay attention , but the reward is gut-busting laughs . The charactures are very well defined , as well as the group dynamic -LRB- the `` gang '' -RRB- so you are immediately sucked in . They have spent a lot of time writing for Season 3 , so buy this set and gear up for a new quality season !
 On my cable plan I dont get to see the FX channel , which is the channel for this series on cable . Rather , I saw a promo for the 3rd season -LRB- look for it with youtube searching for danny devito and fred savage . -RRB- It was so funny that it nudged me to buy the 1st two seasons and I dont regret that purchase in the least . Im not one to buy whole seasons of series . But this one really fits my sense of humor . The comedy is pretty low brow , the characters are selfish , bottom of the barrel with little redeeming qualities . And the laughs come easily . Reminds me of what a bunch of drunks would come up with as they riff on different subjects . No holds barred , vulgar as all hell , outrageous like Family Guy meets Arrested Development . Devito isnt really the standout . The other four actors are the draw . At times it remains so over the top that you might get tired of it . But overall , the series is a great diversion . Fantastic show that will never win an emmy .
 It seems like I have waited forever for them to release this show on DVD . This is the best comedy series on TV . If you have not seen this show definitely check it out , I will be buying the DVD set the same day it is released .
 This series is sooo funny , and doesnt get enough credit that it should . The acting and writing are great , and I hope they continue the series .
 I have to admit I love this show . There are parts in these first two seasons where I laughed so hard that I hurt . What I really love about the show is how none of the main characters are sympathetic . At first I thought Sweet D. might be the moral center , but nope she is just as narcissistic as the rest of the gang . I think this is the truly ballsy aspect of this show . To create a show where all the main characters have absolutely no endearing qualities whatsoever is a big risk since most shows want to hook viewers by having them identify or empathize with the characters , but this show goes the opposite way and gives you a cast that the viewer can actually feel good about rooting against.These characters are losers who are destined to go nowhere and see there lives degenerate into alcoholic self-destruction , but somehow they have made that funny . If the characters were sympathetic at all then we would n't be able to watch them fail and tear each other down episode after episode . If they actually succeeded or their machinations did n't blow up in their faces then our sense of justice would be thrown off . This show walks a very fine line and walks that line very well.This show is n't going to be for everyone . Those -LRB- like me -RRB- who love this show will never be able to explain why to those who do n't like it . I think to truly love this show one has to have a bit of nihilistic streak with in themselves . I hope the gang can walk this fine line for many more seasons to come .
 It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is probably the best comedy running on television right now . It 's a very edgy , very creative show , but what 's most surprising about it is that it succeeds in a lot of ways by taking the trademarks of other great television shows , blending them all together , and coming away with something entirely its own.What does it lift from other shows?The single-camera style that started in the late 90s with The Larry Sanders Show , later to be used unsuccessfully in Sports Night , but then very successfully in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm and Arrested Development.The misanthropic attitude of Seinfeld delivered via three guys/one girl in an urban environment , shot through with ridiculous supporting characters . -LRB- Seinfeld 's Maestro/IASIP 's Rickety Cricket , Seinfeld 's Crazy Joe Davola/IASIP 's McPoyles -RRB- Like Seinfeld , no character that ` the gang ' encounters is left any better for having met them . In fact , they 're often worse off . The narcissism and selfishness of the characters , like in Seinfeld , are the defining traits of these people.The joy of being irreverent that is the trademark of South Park , not only in the subject matter but in the liberal use of words that you do n't typically hear on television . Probably the biggest surprise of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , given the language and the subject matter , is that this show is n't on HBO.But It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is not a knock-off . The show is elevated to extraordinary heights by the people involved in its production.The writing is phenomenal , each of the characters has a very clear voice , and not even the smallest part is underwritten . No character is ever just a mere caricature or a `` type . `` The acting is wonderful . Rob McElhenny gives some of the best line readings I can remember seeing on TV . -LRB- My particular favorite is in the first episode of Season 3 , `` The Gang Finds A Dumpster Baby , '' when he echoes Dee 's sentiments that they want to put an infant in a tanning bed `` just to get a base . '' -RRB- Charlie Day has one of the more expressive faces I 've seen in a while , and uses it to his great advantage . The actors play the narcissism of the characters to delusional heights , making for very entertaining viewing . Also -- and again like Seinfeld -- despite the characters being so self-absorbed and selfish , you want to go sit in their bar and hang out with them , get involved in their ill-advised plots . It speaks volumes to the actors that they can make such jerks look like people you 'd want to be around.Probably the reason the show succeeds as such great entertainment is that it 's written and produced by McElhenny , Day and Glenn Howerton , who play three of the five main characters in the show . The show has a feel to it that tells you that the plotlines , jokes and characters are the things that they find funny . You get the feeling that they 're doing a show that they would take the time to sit down and watch . IASIP does not in any way feel like it 's been filtered through focus groups or network executives with pages of notes on how to make it better . It 's three guys , who are very funny , making their own brand of sitcom . Too bad there 's not more of that on TV .
 I heard very good things about this show so i decided to check it out and im glad i did ! it is hilarious ! however it may not be funny to everybody , its a certain type of dark humour . but 95 % of people should love this show !
 I gave this to my brother as a Christmas gift . It was a huge hit with my entire family . Despite some of the more awkward situations the gang gets themselves in , even my mom was cracking up ! We watched this whole set and my brother went out and bought the rest of the seasons available on DVD the next day !
 Best show on FX , obviously not if you want something intellectually stimulant , but hilarious if you 're looking for a simple yet funny series .
 4.5 starsI knew nothing of this until a friend lent it to me this weekend . I laughed . Often . At things that are n't supposed to be funny , but as any serious fan of comedy knows , those can be the best laughs . I walked away feeling lighter and happier . If that ai n't comedic success , what is?IASIP is like Seinfeld if the SeinFour were ten years younger , Irish , and ran a bar in South Philly . These guys have clearly studied Sein and Curb very closely , and their tight timing and topics and banter are all very Larry Davidesque ... but they go places even LD wo n't . The best two shows of the 7-episode first season are about cancer and abortion ; I howled at some moments . These guys have done what so many guys want to do
 If you 're a fan , you got ta buy the seasons . I 've watched and rewatched dozens of times and they 're great to have to introduce friends to the series . If you found it funny the first time you will again after just a few months
 I 've heard time and again that this show is akin to Seinfeld . . but less sophisticated . In my opinion , it is n't nearly as pretentious.To me , this show has more in common with `` Arrested Development '' with the in-fighting and plotting against those near and dear to your black heart ... and I love these guys for it . There is chemistry here and you can tell these guys -LRB- Charlie , Mac , and Dennis are the writers and Mac created the show -RRB- are genuinely in tune with one another . The situations are absurd and cringe worthy at times , but you ca n't help but love these low-lifes . The friendship is there on the screen and that is rare in an ensemble cast.This is a show that I dismissed altogether when it started and never really gave it much of a shot . I figured it was FX and not being a fan of Rescue Me or Nip/Tuck , I would n't give it the time of day as I feel those aforementioned shows are in it for mere `` shock value '' than anything else . IASIP is crude , yes ... without apology . It is also very smartly written and delights in it 's preposterous themes and situations . They are imbeciles who find themselves cunning and crafty . . and 90 % of the time , their plots backfire in the worst ways imaginable . Danny Devito turns another stellar television character performance as Frank . . but the real stars here are the young cast . Charlie Day in particular never ceases to elicit some sort of knee jerk reaction , whether it be pity , outrage , or just plain dumbfoundedness.I 'm thrilled that Comedy Central picked it up and that is where I saw it first . I then proceeded to rent the seasons and am a BIG fan of this gang of misfits . Best show on TV since Arrested Development ... and ranks up there as one of the best things the medium has produced in it 's fairly short history .
 This show is amazing . I will say that being the first and second seasons , it was n't as good as other episodes I 've seen . However , the discs came fast , were new , and I will be buying more seasons . In fact , I 'll be buying all the seasons ! I highly recommend this show to anyone who 's even slightly cool . Buy this show because it 's worth it ! I laugh my ass off every time I watch it .
 It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia is just a great form of entertainment . I love the character interactions , the situations , and the stories . If there is someone out there who has n't seen the show , its your job to enlighten them .
 My son requested this for Christmas - i had never seen the series and found myself watching it for an hour . Very funny and enjoyable . They tackle some pretty heavy moral issues .
 It 's one of my favorite shows and It was in great condition at an awesome price . Thank you
 Before buying this DVD set , I only heard about the show . In the mood for something funny , I decided to give `` Sunny '' a shot . I was more than surprised and must agree with some of the other reviewers here at Amazon , that it 's probably the funniest show on television today.I was totally satisfied with the cast during the first season , and was a bit concerned as to how Danny DeVito would fit in . Well , I have n't like DeVito this much since `` Ruthless People '' ... It 's roles like this that allow him to shine . `` Sunny '' is adult-toilet-humor at it 's finest . After finishing this DVD set I asked myself , `` Why do I like this show ? '' Seeing that It borrows so much from so many other sitcoms . It really does n't matter why , it just makes me laugh , plus it 's one of the few shows where I truly enjoy each character equally.At the time of the writing of this review , it 's one week from the final show of Season 3 . Even though a couple of the shows about half way through were n't all that great , this show is slowly approaching status as one of my top television shows of all time ... and I 've been watching television for nearly 50 years.The set sometime sells for around $ 20 . So if you 're looking for something to make you laugh and you like off-the-wall adult humor , you 'd be doing yourself a favor picking this gem of a TV show up .
 Characters could n't be any more selfish , conceited , Or Vain !! Each one definitely has the `` Me First '' attitude !! I LOVE this show !!!! Danny Devito is Awesome !! But , not for Grandma or the Children !!! Late night only humour at my house ! - Santa Cruz
 Amazing show . People compare it to Seinfeld but I compare it more to Arrested Development . I just hope more people start to appreciate this show .
 If you enjoy well written comedy , and not that lame two and a half men ... or whatever the hell sitcom is on the major networks at any given time . Give this show a chance , it is easily the best comedy on TV right now . So watch it and do n't let it die off like so many other great shows ... i.e -LRB- Arrested development -RRB-
 This has got to be one of the best shows EVER ! The characters are hilarious and hot -- what better reason to watch a show .
 Great show . Love that it came in a 2-season pack . Very happy with my purchase .
 It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an extremely well written show . It 's wonderfully acted , and always has me laughing . This is how television should be . Hopefully , it catches on , everyone in the world enjoys it , and it can stay on the air for a long , long time .
 This Show Is hands down the best comedy show on television ! It is raunchy and sometimes just plain wrong . And I love it . The characters are the worst human beings and simply hilarious . Beautifully written , and the plots are some of the funniest you are likely to see .
 I have enjoyed watching this show more than any series I 've seen in recent years since News Radio -LRB- long live Phil Hartman -RRB- . I recommend this to anyone who is a fan of Danny Devito 's Taxi days needs to see this .
 There had been a few months where I kept hearing about the show `` It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia '' , and I had avoided it , because I frankly do n't have time to always keep up with shows . Fortunately I eventually relented and decided to watch , and I 've been very happy I did . To begin with the show is really about the owners of a bar in Philadelphia and the misadventures the gang has . Now that would be good and dull , except the characters are all incredibly rotten , self-centered people , which ultimately is one of the reasons why this show is so great . The characters will do rotten things to others and each other all for the benefit of themselves , and hilarity ensues . This show is just fresh , and while I have n't been as big a fan of the more recent seasons , The first four I believe are exceptional . I would pick this up to start your addiction if you have n't already , and be sure to keep going to season 4 .
 This was another great episode . This is one of my top 10 all time favorites of Always Sunny in Philadelphia .
 His favorite tv series . I was n't into it but after watching a few episodes , I enjoy it as well.Arrived just in time for Christmas -- thank you .
 this was a great purchase , quick shipping and reasonable pricing for these seasonsrecommend this seller anytime great gift for anyone who likes its always sunny !!
 This is a christmas gift someone will definately enjoy and at a very reasonable price i might add.ARRIVED QUICKLY ! Thanks !
 I got this for a Christmas present the year it came out and I still ca n't stop laughing.Four narcissistic idiots that own a bar together ! Hilarious!I do agree with some of the reviews that suggest the show could do without Danny Devito
 An excellent ensemble cast . Danny DeVito is the missing puzzle piece of the first season as they create a classic cult television show , enjoyable by many different audiences.I love this show more than most of my family and friends .
 A totally politically incorrect show that is hilarious . It 's fun to watch shady characters behave so inappropriately , it 's ridiculous . Dennis and Dee Go on Welfare is my favorite episode . If you like Arrested Development , I think you 'll love this show .
 awesome show , grew up in philly , and love it . DeVito is hilarious and the cast is just incredible . That said i 'm a pretty big `` it 's always sunny '' nut so i am not sure if my opinion is all that great . give it a shot , see what you think .
 I 'm admittedly late in jumping on the `` It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia '' bandwagon . A few friends had suggested I checked it out , and when Amazon ran a special on Seasons 1 & 2 in the fall I jumped on it.The show centers around a group of friends who own and run a bar in -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- Philadelphia . There are a number of great episodes in this set with touchy topics that should reel in anyone who enjoys edgy humor . I wo n't comment on the Special Features since I have n't checked them out , but this is a good buy for any fan of cringe-inducing comedy .
 In my opinion , this show is the most underrated comedy to ever hit TV and is quite possibly the funniest cable show out there . South Park watch out , cuz there 's a new crude comedy on its way ! Fans of South Park and Family Guy will love this show ! If you have n't seen it you are missing out . I CA N'T WAIT FOR THE DVD !!!
 Dennis , Dee , Mac , Charlie , and Frank team up to create a great comedy for television ! Every joke is a screamer and with 17 episodes in this DVD set , you 'll be sure to have countless laughs . Never mind the price ! Buy this DVD set today !
 I bought this DVD series on a recomendation and I am so glad that I did . My husband and I , along with all of our friends think it 's hilarious . If you like the Office , Seinfeld , and Arrested Development , then you will love this show.AlexPhiladelphia , Pa
 This is a great show that everyone needs to catch on to ! New episodes are on FX Thursday nights at 10 . Season 1 features some of their most brilliant writing , taking on social issues like Gun Control and Racism and turning them into hilarious plot lines , with the Gang always making sure they are being `` PC '' while acting like complete idiots . The introduction of Danny Devito in Season 2 adds a whole new dimension , as he tries to become `` one of the boys '' and takes on the role of ringleader , coming up with even more bizzare and irrational plots . The raunchy humor and spot-on portrayal of a group of 20-something jerks with no real direction in life makes this an amazing show . Season 1 will no doubt turn you on to this awesome comedy .
 These guys are nuts !!! This is a great show ! Highly recommend if you like the family guy and do not get easily offended . The abortion rally and Nazi episode are a riot . They get gun fever and `` racist '' . There is nothing off limits to these guys . I have thoroughly enjoyed every episode .
 If you 're a Sunnyfan , you know . Otherwise , I ca n't tell you how long I have been waiting for this . Possibly the greatest live-action comedy since Seinfeld and Arrested Development -LRB- RIP -RRB- , this is irreverent , dark , American self-indulgence at its best , which is actually probably its worst . If you 're not laughing after you buy this , you 're either dead , or maybe you should go ahead and off yourself , because ... well ... just because.Enjoi .
 This show is almost as good as CYE . That is saying a lot . Both are tightly plotted and wickedly funny . When Sunny was airing on TV , my biggest complaint is that they had to cram too much plot in during last few minutes . CYE had the benefit of a full 30 minutes on HBO without commercials . Now with this show on DVD , the problem is solved , somewhat . Regardless , I 'll be watching Season Three on TV soon !
 Out Loud Laughing several times per episode . Similar to Seinfeld in that characters are only concerned with extremely superficial and shallow self - centered notions . Also lots of random comedy too , like songs and oddly connected chains of events . Top notch comedy . If you ca n't laugh at this show you are likely a stiff and probably do n't laugh very often nor have many friends .
 If you have n't heard of Sunny , buy it or rent it , I do n't care . From episode 1 this show is amazing . The incorporation of De Vito on season 2 , gave the show the market sparkle it needed . If you like sarcasm and cynicism , this will be your favorite show ever !
 In the tradition of Seinfeld and Arrested Development comes ASIP -- simply the most brillant comedy on TV . Set in the diverse small city of Philadelphia , `` the gang '' finds itself in unthinkable situations . The show has amazing talent and hits a perfect cord with todays random black humor generation . Its basically Seinfeld on crack . LOVE IT !
 This is one of those rare finds , the kind of off-the-beaten-audience-path find that you stumble on and then get to share with your friends . It will win no awards , and it does n't deserve them . It 's just a really funny show.I would also like to point out that the only naysayer so far actually used the word `` slackery '' . I think it was an earnest attempt to take himself and the banal offerings of the F/X channel way too seriously .
 I was very happy with the speed of the shipment and the packaging of the product . Everything came as mentioned by the seller , and was as described .
 I bought Seasons one and two of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia from Amazon and it was the cheapest price I could find , and it is great quality .
 I love this show and I found it here at amazon . I jumped on it and had it shipped for gift . I highly recommend this DVD and going through amazon to get it .
 It 's hard to find any complaint about this DVD set . You probably already know what the show is , so no need to run through that kind of stuff . The extras are a little bit lacking , but no complaints on that . The only problem is that FX is running through all of these shows on Thursday nights after each new episode they run .
 I bought this gift for my son and he was very happy to receive . I received it within a week so it was here in plenty of time for the holidays .
 Very funny episodes and a great deal to have both seasons in one low price .
 What an ensemble cast ! This is truly one of the funniest shows on TV .
 It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is one of the funniest shows ever to grace television . While it 's not for those who are easily offended , it offers the rest of us belly-aching laughs . The show centers around Charlie , Mac , Dennis and Dennis ' sister Dee who all run an Irish Pub in Philly . These are horrible people who cause every situation they find themselves in to spiral out of control in the most hilarious ways . With titles like , `` Charlie Gets Crippled '' and `` The Gang Goes Jihad '' , it is not a comedy for everyone , but for those who do n't need too much PC with your humor , this show will offer you hours and hours of pure laughter .
 Its a good show about some people that own a pub in philadelphia its very humors and sometimes you actually have to think to get the jokes .
 As a person who rarely watches TV these days , it has to be an amazing show to convert me into a fan . Sunny manages to achieve this goal and more . The cast of characters are great and work well together , the situations go above and beyond the normal sitcom , and NOTHING is held sacred . If you 've ever laughed at anything inappropriate in your life , this is the perfect show for you .
 After Arrested Development , I was positive my love for comedic shows had run out . And then THIS came out ! I watch them all over and over , and I kid you not - if I ever see ANY of these performers on the street I 'm asking for a HUG . Few people have brought me THIS much joy !
 I really do love this show . I watch it over and over . If you love to laugh , then definitely get this dvd !
 Great show . One of my faves . I recommend it to anyone that likes to laugh .
 This show is all sorts of offensive , if you let it be , but is completely unassuming in its writing . The characters bring taboo subjects -LRB- racism , abortion , drunk driving , jihad etc -RRB- right into the open , shine light on them with no hesitation and make it all so SO funny . At first you are wondering if you are doing something wrong by laughing , then you realize these writers are creative geniuses for making the subjects so hilarious . Try this DVD and let yourself laugh at everything that seems so serious .
 I find myself simutaneously laughing and cringing while watching this show . It is amusing to watch the exploits of the most morally bankrupt characters in TV history , but it admittedly becomes a little mindnumbing after a few too many episodes .
 It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia first came to be in 2005 when Charlie Day , Rob McElhenney , and Glenn Howerton shot a pilot for just an alleged $ 85 budget . FX liked it and ordered a first season and from there it has gone on to an upcoming 5th Season . Sunny stars Charlie Day as Charlie Kelly , Rob McElhenney as Mac , Glenn Howerton as Dennis Reynolds , Kaitlin Olson as Deandra `` Sweet Dee '' Reynolds , and of course , Danny DeVito as Their Father Frank Reynolds . What does `` Sunny '' do that makes it so good ? it 's simple , it 's pure carelesness for political correctness . The fact it dont care about that sissy standard set by so many shows and will go with just about any social situation out there . Sunny 's plots normally take place at the bar they own known as Paddy 's Pub and involves someone in The Gang or The Gang as a whole , in some kind of trouble or situation with someone or a company of some sort . They often blackmail and betray eachother or others around them temporarily for own self gain and are often arrogant , ego-fueled people , but always hilarious . The Gang more often than not are bad mouthing each other and a lot of the bad mouthing is aimed toward Dee , which is hilarious , she really never gets her way . But this show is n't for everyone , and that 's how it is for everything . If you are , however , into straight-forward , nonsensical , and low brow humor that goes from Abortion and Babies in Dumpsters to Dating Trannys and Mentally Handicapped people . Then Sunny is FOR YOU ! BUY ALL 3 Seasons Now ! The Special Features are limited but pretty decent as well . I Recommend buying from Amazon , their prices ca n't be beat compared to other retailers , but the Prices fluxuate so hurry while their practically a steal .
 Hilarious show . Very dry humor . These guys are off the wall . I would recommend to anyone with a sense of humor . They bust on everything from crack to politics . If you have an open mind , and are looking for a laugh I would say you wo n't be disapointed .
 If you love strange story lines and stranger comedy this is it . If you love the Family Guy you 'll flip over these `` shows '' . Not just Dark comedy , maybe pitch black . Great Show
 I am surprised that this show has been around for three seasons , mainly because the funniest stuff ca n't be shown in the commercials , which makes it hard to expand its audience . Also , Fox is a network that is notorious for not being able to build audiences for non-mainstream shows . I nearly cancelled cable when Fox cancelled Arrested Development , because everything else was either reality TV , Law and Order and its spinoffs , or sitcoms recycling the same tired plots . My daughter talked me into watching Always Sunny . The first episode I watched was when Dennis and Dee went on welfare and ended up addicted to crack . I swear I missed half the show because I was laughing too hard to hear the dialog . This show is very funny , well written , and has actors who are not afraid to take risks . I hope it keeps going because there 's nothing else like it on TV .
 What a fantastic purchase ! I bought this show on a suggestion from a morning radio show -LRB- philly 's Preston and Steve -RRB- and have loved every episode . I 'll admit , it 's not going to be for everyone . If you 're looking for a show with substance and meaning , this one is n't for you . But if you want some great original comedy , maybe something to marathon watch on a lazy weekend , this is perfect . Each episode seems to push the boundaries being outrageous further and further . With the earlier episodes you see each character finding their identity with the show , but by the second season they seem to have found their nitche . I 'm sure most reviews will compare it to a darker ruder Seinfield , but it 's more then that . A great new comedy to watch , I highly recommend .
 Got my item earlier than I expected . This might be the best show on TV right now . It is hilarious . Great Buy .
 Without a doubt the funniest show on TV . The DVD box set contains all 17 episodes of the first two seasons . There are nice extras like cast commentaries and outakes as well as a couple short documentaries . Let 's hope this is just the first of many many more seasons of SUNNY to be released on DVD . This show is something very rare
 I have never watched a funnier show that pulls no punches ! Nothing is off limits with this show ... It is a must have .
 good funny haha . 1st season 10x funny . 2nd season more contrived , but still 7x funny .
 This show is great !! One of the funniest shows in years . The extras on this DVD are pretty good too .
 If you have a twisted sense of humor like I do , then you will think that this is the best show on television .
 I had only seen a few episodes of this show , but when I saw it on here for the great price , I had to get it . It is a great show and I would have paid full price for it .
 The 2nd best tv series of all time . -LRB- -LRB- Behind the Office -RRB- -RRB- IT 's just so funny
 I absolutely love this show . If you are thinking about getting it , do . You wo n't be disappointed as long as you are not into Family Values because it is definitely not a family values show . The characters only redeeming quality is that they show you how not to live your life , oh , and they make you laugh your butt off !
 This is another smart funny comedy that I find Hilarious and outrageous but not all of my friends have the same sick since of humor that I do . I love it , I want to see more of it and hope it does n't die like Arrested Developement .
 this was a gift for our son , and since he gets home from work at 1AM , he really enjoys watching this show . . THANKS
 Purchased for myself and also for a friend recovering from surgery . Very funny , quick , great show !!!
 I tried to type something profound and informative here that would give the show justice ... but I ca n't . When TV was at its best , which was almost a decade ago , there were n't TV shows this funny . If I could sum it up briefly , I would say it 's a blend of Curb Your Enthusiasm , Arrested Development and Seinfeld . All I can say is buy it . I guarantee you wo n't be disappointed .
 Buy this ! And Buy a 2nd set for a Friend.Excellent show with mad humor , twists , and laughs .
 This show is my favorite comedy show of all time and always will be . I CANT WAIT for season 4 and the dvd for 3 to come out ! If you hav n't seen the show I demand for you to buy this right now !!!!
 I love this show . It 's non-stop laughs . Yes , some of the topics are borderline `` wrong '' but that 's what makes it freaking hallarious !
 seasons 1 no danny devitoseason 2 the age of danny devito in philly begins and you never want it to stop
 I love this show so much ! It 's definitely the funniest series I 've ever watched . I highly recommend buying this and all the other seasons .
 Very satisfied with this purchase , it was in good condition and you ca n't beat the price ! One of the best shows on TV .
 love Charlie and the gang !! I just wish the season were longer , not as many episodes as I wanted . SO funny tho !
 Great show . Super funny but not for those that are easily offended . I could watch this over and over again ! Love it .
 Rob McElhenney has created an existentialist masterpiece . I am convinced this guy is a genius . His anarchic , absurd humor is so perfectly expressed in this show , which really picked up steam in Season 2 and has been chugging along ever since . My sincere wish is that this becomes like &#34; South Park &#34; which is in I think Season 16 or 17 right now and shows no signs of stopping . My recommendation is to watch this show from the very beginning because it 's very dadaist and self referential . You really have to know who all the primary and ancilliary characters are to truly appreciate how the show has grown and developed over the years . Kind of amazing to see how total self absorption can be so funny and interesting .
 I have n't seen anything beyond Season 4 , so I do hope they do n't disappoint ... but I just fell for this show after the first one .
 Awesome show . I found it a must have in my collection . It has been nothing but laughs since we got it .
 This is a refreshingly funny return to comedy and what a real tv show should be . All the actors are truly talented and they seem to be having fun . I really enjoy Kaitlyn Olsen she is an awesome physical comedy actress . . If you are looking for a fun not so safe show this is for you : -RRB-
 ever ! This package is amazing . 8 bucks used ?! The first two seasons have some amazing character progression and a few of the best episodes of the series . This is a steal , even if bought new !
 Thought this show did n't really attract me at first , I 'm hooked now . It 's absolutely hilarious and without a doubt the funniest show on TV right now . Devito is gold .
 ` It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia , ' which debuted on the FX channel in 2005 and is still going strong as of 2012 , is a highly original and hilariously funny adult comedy series about three callous and self-centered male friends who own a struggling dive bar in Philadelphia
 From the first episode , the cast of Sunny makes it known that they 're pulling out all the stops when it comes to making us laugh . Whether it 's exploring the many facets of abortions , gays , racism , dead guys , blowing buildings up , or even running each other over with cars , there 's nothing too extreme for the crew from Paddy 's Pub.I think what makes the show so great is the relationship between the cast . The three male stars are all friends in real life , so their chemistry flares on screen together . Kaitlin Olsen blends perfectly in with the trio as well , and her character Sweet Dee and Glenn Howerton 's Dennis are so geniune , I 'd think they were twins in real life as well.With the introduction of Danny DeVito as Sweet Dee and Dennis 's insane father in the Second Season , the antics simply keep getting out-of-control without straying too far from the spectrum of believability . Every show continues to grow funnier and funnier , and by the time you reach the last episode -LRB- `` Dennis and Dee Get a New Dad '' -RRB- , you 'll be begging for more .
 This show is so funny and sick . Only FX would allow a comedy of this caliber . I love all the shows on FX . This is a must have for your collection . Ca n't wait for Season Three - Finally .
 Best sit comedy of last few years!Guaranteed laughter and hysterics!Like an over the top modernized Seinfeld ... characters and show really push the envelope on very serious topics to generate laughter.Danny Devito has not shined a smuch since TAXI . The other relatively unknown characters are magnificent espec as ana esemble cast.Best money I ever spent !
 I love all of the episodes but I love how they introduce all the charecters and scenerio 's . Still funny , a classic to own in my eyes , if you like this sort of humor
 The great thing about Always Sunny is that you can jump into the series at any episode . There is no real connection with each episode . There might be small things from one episode to another , but you can jump in and and enjoy any . Season 1 & 2 are hilarious . I feel like each season gets better except for a few on the latest season . The good thing is that you get 2 seasons . the bad thing is that season 1 is like 6 episodes .
 One of the most original , funniest shows on television right now . The characters are such lovably horrible people , and always provide for entertainment . From Mac joining the religious right to hook up with women , to Dee dating the most popular guy IN HIGH SCHOOL , the show never disappoints . A must buy .
 The first time I watched Sunny I thought it was stupid . Some people I work with got me to give it another shot and Im very happy I listened to them . This is now one of my favorite tv comedies ever . If you are looking for your typical Everybody loves Raymond or Two and a Half Men style humor then this is not the series for you . This is much more along the lines of Arrested development , My name is Earl and Venture Bros. . Charlie is one of the greatest goofball characters ever and when you pair him with Danny Devito as Frank its brilliant . I was an idiot for not getting this the first time around .
 I started watching when I saw Danny Devito joined the cast and loved the show immediately . Although he is funny , the show was as good or better before he joined .
 I find myself watching these episodes over and over . If you enjoy over the line comedy , this is the show for you .
 Takes a sick sense of humor to get into It 's always sunny ... I love this show .
 I really just recently got into the show this season . I had to see the first two seasons . They were awesome ! Definitely worth a recommendation .
 Caught some episodes while channel flipping and was hooked . One of the funniest shows on TV
 Hilarious dialogue and scenarios , that manage to depict some of the realities of the human condition .
 The first two season of Sunny are absolutely fantastic , filled with narcissistic humor about the controversial issues of our time . The show tackles serious subjects such as gun control , abortion , etc. . A recommendation for anyone who likes edgy humor with a political conscience .
 The funniest thing since Seinfeld ... ca n't get over how much i 'm in love with this show
 This is one of the funniest TV shows I 've ever seen . It is deffinetly worth buying .
 My favorite show . Quotable , witty , blunt . Much feelings are hurt in this show to other characters , but it 's hilarious . `` The gang '' suffers many mishaps and setbacks that if applied to the average person would be the most interesting moment of our lives . But it 's the norm in Paddy 's . Although I think Season 1 was n't as funny as 2 or especially Season 3 , this DVD is still amazing . It will soon be your favorite show !
 This show taught me how to laugh again . Nuff said . I have n't laughed at much of anything since I was like 15 . I 'm 22 now and this show cracks me up ! lolz
 I love this show . The first season is probably the funniest thing I 've ever seen in my life . I do n't mind DeVito , but I actually think I liked things better before he came into the picture . It really changed the dynamic within the Gang . If you are a fan of rough chuckles and are a haver of poor taste , this is a winner.One bad thing
 I stumbled across this show on the Amazon website and purchased the DVD set after reading some of the reviews . After watching a couple of episodes , I was glad I bought it . It has elements of Seinfeld and Drew Carey and lots of political incorrectness . Fans of The Simpsons , Curb Your Enthusiasm and Ali G/Borat will probably appreciate the humour.While running Paddy 's Bar in Philadelphia , this group of 30 year olds ? tackles a different social issue in each episode . Issues include underage drinking , gun ownership , abortion etc. . Unfortunately , these still young adults are incapable of learning about life without making some big mistakes along the way , and the results are hilarious . I 'm looking forward to seeing season three .
 My husband and I love this show , I would definitely say it is our favorite thing on TV . The cast is wonderful and they are great at improvization -LRB- see special features -RRB- . My favorite episode has got to be the first one I ever watched , the one where Dee and Dennis try to go on welfare , and decide the best way to do that is to start smoking crack.The show is crass , dark , and irreverent . The banter between the characters on the show is always really good , and the story-lines are so ridiculous -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . If you are wondering what all the fuss is about , buy it ! I seriously doubt you will be disappointed .
 This is one of the funniest shows on TV . You can watch any episode over and over and still laugh . Whether it has Danny Devito or not , the quality of the writing and acting is excellent . Any episode with the McPoyles is hilarious .
 By far the best show on tv right now ! the best comedy ever !!! even better than seinfeld !!!
 This is the only TV show where I can watch the same episode multiple times and laugh until I cry every single time . Favorites
 This is one of the funniest shows I have ever seen . I highly recommend it to anyone , unless you are easliy offended by `` unpolitically correct themes . `` The show is at times smart , clever and then down right crazy and stupid -LRB- in the best possible way -RRB- . Definitely should be part of everyone 's comedy collection .
 I bought this for in-flight entertainment . Due to several airline delays and cancellations , I got to see a lot more of the discs than I had expected . This show is , by far , the funniest on TV .
 It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia is a great show . I 've watched the dvd 's about five times within the past couple weeks . Buy it .
 It 's Always Sunny in Philedelphia is the funniest show on TV . Before I bought the DVD set , I only ` youtubed ' the episodes . Now , I watch these episodes at least once a week.All of the characters bring humor to these really messed-up situations . Every episode , the gang gets a bright idea on how to make money , get a date , or play a prank . There 's never a happy ending , and the means to the end will leave you rolling!This is my favorite show on DVD !
 For the price of this product you sure get a lot , seasons 1 & 2 , of Always Sunny in Philadelphia . Great show
 Get ready to laugh til it hurts . The `` gang '' will keep you in stitches in this Season I & II edition from FOX Home Video and you will surely watch it over and over and over and over ! ENJOY and look forward to many more seasons of this hilarious comedy !
 Politically incorrect , sexist , racist , low-brow garbage tv . It 's perfect . Funniest show on cable , rates up there with WEEDS and South Park , yet creates it 's own kind of comedic genius that 's different from other shows .
 It 's crude and about as politically incorrect as you can get . They tackle every controversial issue and turn it into something hilarious . They get into situations with everything from racism , to abortions , to underage drinking , to cancer , to gun control laws , in that order , too . There is even an episode , I 'm not kidding , called `` The Gang Goes Jihad . '' I loved every minute of it.Greatest show ever made . I ca n't wait for the new season starting Sept 13th on FX .
 Great show , even before Danny Devito joined the cast . You 're missing out if you have n't seen this !
 Highly underrated , underexposed , show that delivers everything you could ask for in a comedy series . Highly recommend for anyone who loves drinking ...
 I ca n't begin to start yabbering about what the shows about . It rules though . Show for show , this thing is great . I think that everybody should sit down and watch these.Danny Devito does n't join until season two , but he has n't lost a bit of his edgy humor.This show is one that I know , for making me burst out laughing at inappropraite times , somewhere the day after watching them , because some twisted image pops into my head.Every character is hillarious . I recall an article a way back that called the show `` Seinfeld on crack . '' It 's even better than that , in my opinion.Five brilliant stars .
 Really folks do I need to tell you why this show is awesome ? If you have not seen it , what rock have you been hiding under ? Buy it now !
 This was a great price for one of my favorite shows and got to my house very quickly . I would recommend buying from this vendor again and always recommend IASIP to anyone .
 Quite possibly my favorite comedy on TV now , `` Always Sunny '' is sort of a cross between Arrested Development and Seinfeld , with a group of egocentric and uninformed characters fumbling through some very politically incorrect topics . This also may be the only show where the title of each episode is the first joke , usually revealed after a brief intro . If you like random , funny characters in way over their heads , then check out `` It 's Always Sunny . ''
 Just a great series . If you want to laugh watch it . We all have our own tastes I know , this one appeals to a lot of people . What do you have to lose , some time spent watching something terrible on TV ? Ha ha ... Have a laugh and have a Sunny time of it !
 I laugh so hard everytime I watch this series ! It has the funniest and sickest characters since STRANGERS W / CANDY and ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT . I recently showed several episodes to a friend who had never heard of the show , and we were just hysterical w / laughter . Very cleverly written w / fully developed characters . So politically incorrect w / fantastic humor . A liitle concerned w / the language though . A certain curse word is used quite often which , being absolutely no prude , bothers me because it seems a bit gratuitous because its a cable show . But this collection is worth every dime !
 Take five degenerates , a bar they co-own and operate , add some alcohol and what do you get ? It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia . It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , or just Sunny , is a fresh take on the sitcom . The comedy in the series can be characterized in many ways
 If you 're looking for irreverent comedy in the tradition of shows such as `` Married ... with Children '' , you ca n't do any better than this hidden gem of a show from the FX network . I bought the first set for under $ 20 , just hoping for something amusing and diverting , but I found myself asking `` Why have I never heard of this show before ? '' The show gets off to a running start , and as hard as it may be to believe when watching the first season 's episodes , cranks the humor and utter `` wrongness '' to another level when Danny DeVito joins the cast for the second season . If you 're easily offended , you may want to try an episode on television before buying this , but those with an open mind should find much to enjoy here . I would n't recommend allowing pre-teens and younger to watch this series , however , due to the content .
 This is one of the most well written comedy shows on television right now . The characters are all played well and Danny De Vito coming in at Season 2 has brought in an extra element to the show that can really make you laugh.As for the DVD , the commentaries and other special features are not elaborate , but they are there . I wished there were more commentary tracks . There is also a look at the original pilot that the creators went around and showed to the various networks.All in all The show gets a 5 , special features a 3.5
 This show consistently makes me SCREAM with laughter just about every episode . The characters are absurdly idiotic and ridiculously hysterical . Every actor brings a unique quality to their character and the characters are like none you 've ever seen before on TV or in a movie.As for the DVD version , I was extremely happy with the Bonus Features , such as outtakes and a few Behind the Scenes featurettes . I only wish there were MORE !!! I loved watching the hilarious outtakes and you even get to see snippets from the original pilot episode they shopped around to the networks as well as Kaitlin Olson -LRB- Sweet Dee -RRB- 's audition footage.LOVE IT !!!
 This series revolves around 4 friends who run a bar in Philadelphia and who go through a variety of difficult but extremely funny and often extravagant situations . I had heard of the series previously but was only convinced of buying it after seeing an intervewi with the actress . What a suprise
 Others have written excellent reviews of this series so I 'll just say give it a chance . Hilarious ... sick ... makes me laugh out loud . I pray it never ends ...
 It 's awesome ! Buy it ! Charlie is one of the best characters to come on TV in ages .
 Amazon Unbox service is -LRB- or maybe was ? -RRB- so terrible that I submitted a multi-page bug list to the Unbox execs , and was told they had developers reviewing it . But Sunny is one of the funniest shows on TV . Rates up there with Arrested Development and The Office -LRB- UK version , and the slightly less funny , but still hilarious , US version -RRB-
 This is the best thing going on tv right now . A worthy heir to the legacy of Arrested Development . It 's crude , politically incorrect and honest . Buy it today .
 This is , without a doubt , the funniest show on TV right now . Finally , after what seemed like an eternity I can enjoy this show at anytime I want . The gang and the hi-jinx they get into . . I tell ya . . if you have n't seen it yet you are wasting your life when you could be laughing so hard you cry and pee yourself at the same time.With episode titles such as `` The Gang Gets Racist '' , `` Charlie Gets Molested '' , and `` The Gang Goes Jihad '' , you know there is no topic too taboo or off-limits . So let down your guard and dive into the madness . You won ; t regret it .
 This has to be the greatest TV show ever made ! That is , if you like crude humor and do n't mind jokes on just about any subject . Its a show about 6 people running a philly bar . These first two seasons talk about Hitler , pickin up women at abortion rallys , exploiting religion , faking cancer , how old people are gross , opening a minor bar and going the kids prom , opening a gay bar for money , community service , political BS , etc. . Like i say no topic is taboo , and its all funny as hell . Danny DeVito started in the second season and really added to show . I 've watched every episode like 5 times , it NEVER gets old !!!!!! BUY THIS DVD SET !
 Sunny In Philly is among the elite sitcoms on television right now . The writing , characters and acting are superior to the vast majority of sitcoms that litter television networks . To put it simply , Sunny is the answer to the countless numbers of shows that utilize over done themes , predictable characters and punchless punch lines .
 Absolutely hilarious ! This is one of the funniest shows on television , yet it does n't receive the attention it should . The premise of the show is incredible ; these group of friends / family , who are the most cynical and narcissistic people , come up with insane ideas , which they think are brilliant and act them out . Plus with the bonus features you can watch the outtakes which are equally hilarious , and see some parts of the show which were n't scripted -LRB- Rock , Flag , and Eagle -RRB- . A MUCH WATCH - 5 STARS - ENJOY !
 with a title like that ... do i really need to elaborate on it ? this is the 2nd funniest show on tv in the history of mankind . after all the stuff you have had to do in your life , you owe it to yourself to pick this up .
 If you love Arrested Development , this show is better . Completely twisted and hysterical . Will definitely make you laugh if you love dark comedy .
 I do recommend to watch Always Sunny . It 's a great series , fresh and hysterical !! Talented actors with remarkable comedy skills .
 This is a great set , both for those who 've never watched the show before as well as for those of us who can recite whole dialogue passages by memory !
 Always sunny is my husband and my favorite show . If you have a slightly twisted sense of humor , watch this .
 Great show . I am working on getting every season on DVD , because this is one of the funniest shows I 've ever seen .
 This is by far my favorite comedy show of all time . The first season is classic and chalked full of original sketches . I can not recommend this show enough but it is definitely not for the faint of heart . The humor is crude and distasteful but hilarious .
 Season 2 of It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia is mandatory for anyhow who watches the show to own . This season has some of the greatest episodes in Sunny history !
 So funny . And so wrong . Great show , but not for the easily offended , or PC people . If you want to laugh and have fun watching a show this is it .
 I think it 's the best one they have done because you get to see the other side of them especially dee and Charlie
 The Gang Gets Racist Is a classic episode of This Television Series . The episode shows the dynamics of all the characters personalities like few others due . I feel that they handled the issue of race in a comedic and non offense way while still pushing some boundaries .
 Review of Seasons 1 & 2
 This is one of the best shows on T.V today . All the characters you can relate to someone in your life . In this T.V show , you get to learn about the characters , and watch them develop . The episodes are only 22 minutes long , but well worth the price . There is nothing bad to say about this show , unless you dont like people swearing . If you have n't seen this show , you need to buy it asap .
 I heard about It 's Always Sunny from a Kevin Smith Smodcast . If you have n't been force-fed the usual formula comedycrap replete with obnoxious laugh tracks , you might just like it.It 's not a continuous knee-slapper but just some good ol' off-center comedy . Welcome back Danny DeVito - sure he 's doing the same ol' DePalma character , but I STILL think it 's funny . For me , it 's another one of those sit down and plow through a DVD at a time . I would never have had the patience to watch these one at a time on the tube when it aired -LRB- that 's just me -RRB- .
 I can understand why your brow would furrow over that description , but if you ca n't watch this show and realize just how good your life is -LRB- assuming you have n't had to resort to using a can for a toilet like Charlie -RRB- or what a nice person you are -LRB- assuming you have n't set your own daughter on fire like Frank has -RRB- , then maybe this show wo n't serve its chief purpose
 I recently got turned on to this show -LRB- now in it 's 5th season -RRB- and just had to get up to speed by buying the earlier seasons . What can I say ? It 's hilarious ! Every time I watch I find yet another reason to crack up . This is a show that begs to be watched over and over , so owning the DVD 's is a must .
 It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is , without a doubt , the funniest show on television . This is one of those shows where you can watch an episode over and over and still laugh as hard as you did the first time you watched it . A lot of shows worry about being `` Politically Correct '' and offending people , but with Sunny , hell yeah it 's offensive , but that 's what makes it so incredibly funny . Charlie Day 's freak outs are alone worth the price of the DVD set . -LRB- Watch Hundred Dollar Baby to see what I mean -RRB- .
 Always Sunny and Arrested Development are two of the funniest shows that somehow made it to TV . A must buy unless you do n't know what funny is .
 I say this is the best comedy on TV , no lie . It 's not dressed up and it 's not PC . Yet at the same time , it 's witty writing , superb acting , and quality production overall . The titles of the episode reflect this perfectly - simple and hilarious . And the characters are so genuine - I know these people ; they say what everyone 's thinking ; you feel like you 're right there with them . I ca n't believe I 've never heard of these guys before , they are that good !! As an aside , the show also manages to give the viewer a subtle sense of where Philly really is -- demographically , racially , economically . And Season 1 pre-Danny DiVito is as funny - if not better ; DiVito merely adds to the well-established routine of the other main characters . I 'm anxiously awaiting next season ...
 Man i love this show . This is the best show since arrested development and i just wish more people could `` get it '' so tv could be full of great shows like this . Id still buy on dvd though , because i hate commercials.After i purchased this from amazon i watched all three discs in a row , after which i put the first disc on again . I would have watched more but i fell asleep : DWhenever im feeling down i just put this show on and it makes me laugh and feel better . Great , great show that i would recommend to anyone with half a brain .
 It is one of my families favorite shows . We will watch it over and over . It is Rip Roaring Funny , the best TV has to offer as far as comedy goes !
 and one of , if not the only , shows that I look forward to seeing back this fall . I remember cathing this show when it used to come on right behind another -LRB- now cancelled -RRB- show that FX was hyping called `` Starved '' . I also remember they were really hyping Starved , a dramedy about people with eating disorders -LRB- with a premise like that , how could they fail ? -RRB- waaaaay more than IASIP . WELL WHO 'S LAUGHIN ' NOW !? Sunny is one of those shows that , well , the characters are SO comfortably dysfunctional that you almost forget it 's a show and can only watch in stunned amusement at some of the stuff Mac , Dee , Charlie , and Dennis get into . The Bar setting helps in that it 's almost like you are a customer sitting at the bar eavesdropping on these lovable sociopaths as they indulge themselves often at the expense of those around them.The show is a comedic home run from the first episode of the first season `` The Gang gets Racist '' , to the last episode of the second `` Dennis and Dee get a new Dad '' and you can tell the actors are having just as great a time as we are watching.I downloaded all the episodes and never get tired of watching . So far they have maintained a steady stream of unpredictable comedic quality that I hope they carry over to the third season .
 It 's Always Sunny is the most raw comedy out there.Even though it is done on a low budgetthe humor is classic . I recomend anyone who likes the show to buy the DVD set . Way worth the it ...
 This series is touted by some critics as being the working man 's Seinfeld . I say it 's funnier and less formulaic to boot . The characters also live in apartments that they 'd be able to afford and every set looks comfortably broken-in . The fearless writers will tackle any subject matter with hysterically inappropriate humor . I 'm certain there would be an outcry from conservative groups to axe this show if it were n't so neatly tucked away on FX . Worth seeing , worth owning , ca n't wait for more !
 This is really a great show . Very intelligent wit , much in the same style of Seinfeld . Gets better in the 2nd season with Danny Devito . I definitely recommend it .
 This might have been the best $ 30.00 that I have spent on a DVD or TV series ever . I have been a fan but really started watching during the second season and it continues to get better with season 3 . I ca n't wait for season 3 to get released so I can buy that as well . Great , politically incorrect humor and the dialogue between the characters is priceless . Every character brings something to the show and there are several repeat characters from earlier episodes that make appearances . Great buy for anyone with a sense of humor .
 This is one of the funniest shows ever . The characters are absolutely the best in a long time . My daughter is pleased to have the DVD so she can watch the shows anytime she wants .
 It came in a very good condition . I just wish it would have arrived sooner , then again the shipping 's free !
 Probably one of the most underrated shows to come out since Arrested Development . It 's dark , politically incorrect , and an absolute blast . 2 full seasons for under the cost of a single season of The Office -LRB- a show I also enjoy -RRB- is a great deal .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift and my friend LOVES it ! He said its hilarious and cracks him up . So if you are a fan of comedy tv shows , this one should be on your `` Wish List '' .
 I LOVE IT !!!! It was in great condition - and I did not have any problems with it - it arrived in a timely manner . This is my new favorite show and I ca n't wait until season 3 comes out on DVD .
 This show is like Seinfeld but much more R rated . I could do without all the `` GD '' but the show is really funny .
 It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia - Seasons 1 & 2is perhaps one of the most brilliant shows to come to television in a long time . There 's no laugh track , there 's no studio audience , but there 's plenty of hilarity . Written , produced , and created by the very same people who star in it makes this one of the few comedies that is n't going through the same boring filter Network Television puts on its shows . A guaranteed good time !!
 This is the freshest most funny television show in recent memory . The Gang takes on everything from politics to racism . Just when you think they have pushed the envelope too far they open another one . I read a review that labeled this as Seinfeld on acid , how apprporiate !
 This is the funniest show on T.V. right now , and possibly ever!Buy it , you will not stop laughing .
 Van Veeteren is a Swedish detective about to retire . At least I think the country is Sweden . Not much ismentioned except the town Maadom . Whatever , as the teens like to say . I have not read any ofthe novels , but the series is good stuff , if one episode is any judge.Van Veeteren seems to be an over powering man , whether it is with his family or with the policedepartment . He is retiring or has retired , it is very difficult to tell . Van is always involved with thepolice , on duty or off . As his convicted druggie son says to him , '' the prison psychologist tells meI went on the wrong path to get your attention . How am I doing ? '' on his way to a holiday with his son , he becomes involved in a crime of a beheading . With his years of experience and his expertise , he is able to uncover one clue after another . There comes a point when all the clues lead tonothing , and , this he calls the Borkmann 's Point . From his old boss he has learned that at this time , you need to regroup and start again . This seems to be the point of his life . Regroup and startagain . Where will this lead us , not known , but it seems like a Borkmann 's ride!Recommended . prisrob 07-16-12Woman with Birthmark -LRB- Vintage Crime/Black Lizard -RRB- The Inspector and Silence
 Great acting all around make this intriguing political thriller altogether believable . This is not merely a one-dimensional story of corruption within the higher circles of European government and international big business . Rather , its a nuanced , layered gem of plot-twists within plot-twists -- but at just the right balance . That is , its just complex enough to keep you thinking and surprised throughout , but also transparent enough to make sense and come together . If you want a high-gadget , violence-and-action filled pop movie , this is not for you . But if you want a highly intelligent , entertaining and even enlightening political thriller , this is for you . It makes most other comparable thrillers seem superficial in comparison .
 I 've watched numerous children and family movies throughout my life , and ` Gooby ' is one that sticks out the most . It 's not because of the monster named Gooby 's loveable smile , heartwarming jokes , or example-setting morals ; instead it is the heartwarming moments Gooby spends with our protagonist , Willy , a troubled young man who is suffering from a mild form of schizophrenia . As we learn right away in ` Gooby ' , Willy has more problems than just his mental disorder . Willy 's father no longer takes any interest in or spends time with him.With an all-star cast consisting of David James Elliott -LRB- JAG -RRB- , Eugene Levy -LRB- American Pie -RRB- , Robbie Coltrane -LRB- Harry Potter -RRB- and up-and-coming young star Matthew Knight -LRB- My Babysitter 's a Vampire -RRB- this movie is as ca n't - miss as it gets these days.The kids will watch ` Gooby ' over and over again , laughing at all the silly antics Gooby and Willy get themselves into , and the parents will laugh right along with them , soaking in all the clean , fun-spirited jokes that target both kids and adults .
 When Willie and his parents move into a new house the youngster is convinced that the place fairly lurks with evil aliens from outer space who are going to do him harm . Willie wants desperately for someone to save him . That 's when Gooby shows up . A big , loveable , scruffy creature -LRB- who may just be as frightened of the world as Willie is of space aliens -RRB- to provide comfort and companionship to a beleaguered young boy . `` Gooby '' is a fully featured theatrical production starring Matthew Knight as Willie and Robbie Coltrane as the voice of Gooby . This flawless DVD edition of a thoroughly entertaining family movie has a total running time of 99 minutes and is very highly recommended as an enduringly popular addition to community library DVD collections .
 on time when said it would be . the price was good and disk worked like it said . everything was as said
 cute movie for kids - heart warming - no violence or bad language - good DVD to add to the family collections
 I rented this off of On Demand from my cable provider for my 3 year old son . Although I did not enjoy it all that much , he LOVED it and has begged me to watch it over and over again . So , 6 months later and after repeatedly renting it from my cable provider , I am breaking down to buy it for him as he wo n't stop begging to watch it .
 It 's a wonderful family film depicting the insecurities of a child made worse by new , unfamiliar surroundings and how a make-believe friend helps him grow up and gain confidence . Also , portrays busy professinal parents who love their child , but miss the most important element in their family - giving of themselves and time spent together rather than material possessions .
 This was the first time I ordered from Amazon.com , received item as described , received in mail in a very quickly . DVD was very reasonably priced . I will be making more purchases .
 I would recommend this movie for parents of young children , my daughter & I discovered this movie on demand & she loves it .
 I got the dvd in the time it was stated it would be and in good condition as stated it would.I would and plan on buying again from this seller again soon .
 My kids did n't know I was getting them this movie called `` Gooby '' because I was keeping it a real secret from them . Lucky for me , a few days after the movie 's official release , K-Mart already had the DVD in the $ 2.99 n ' Under Bargain Area , so I snatched it up and wrapped it up and waited for a special day to reveal the DVD to my children . I wished it was on VHS because we only have a VCR and I have to borrow a DVD player from a neighbor whenever we rent or buy DVD 's , but I figured this was a special occasion so `` why the heck not ? `` So just when the time was right -LRB- on the anniversary of a family member 's death -RRB- , I made a big deal and unwrapped the `` Gooby '' DVD in front of my children . Their first reactions were things like , `` What is that bear on there ? '' and `` Do we have to watch this now ? '' My kids had no idea what they were in for -LRB- obviously ! -RRB- , but I had a hunch we were all in for a treat.So I sat them down , figured out the DVD thing , and started the movie . An hour later , I found myself enjoying the movie so much , I did n't notice that one of my kids had fallen asleep , another was reading comic books , and my other one had left the house -LRB- apparently -RRB- . Whatever.So I rounded them up again and started the movie over -LRB- even though I really wanted to know how it ended -RRB- and I made them watch the movie front to back , beginning to finish , like my dad taught me how to watch movies a long time ago -LRB- before he died -RRB- . Which brings me to another good point of this movie and that is fathers . Gooby learns that having a dad and being a dad are sometimes different things and he tries to teach the child in the movie that , too . I think that was a nice thing for the writers to write into the movie . Things like that are cool for people of any age to know!Now , I may be a father of 3 teenage boys and girls , but I think I know a good family movie when I see one and this is it ! I am a `` Gooby '' fan for life and I promise to make sure my family watches this movie every holiday so we can keep remembering Gooby 's lessons about love , family , and relationships.I have only one question/regret and that is how the movie ends , with Gooby getting back into his spaceship and saying that he is going to find E.T. and Alf to start a band . I think that was a silly part that might be confusing for children who might not know who those other alien beings are . So I hope in the sequel `` Gooby 2 , '' they choose to go in a different direction with the story . Also , I think some of the deaths in the movie were handled strangely and more attention needs to be paid to that detail in future versions of this movie.Thanks . Brock .
 I showed the trailer for `` Gooby '' to my kids and we all agree that we 're looking forward to seeing the film when the DVD is released . I always like Robbie Coltrane 's work -LRB- even if it 's just his voice in this film ! -RRB-
 There was some info I would have liked to have known before purchasing this video , but I bought it anyway and it 's totally worth it . Here 's some info not listed : SET LIST1 . The Clock and the Storm2 . Forever Longing the Golden Sunsets3 . Song 34 . As the Little Things Go By5 . Here We Are -LRB- Family in the Hallways -RRB- 6 . Innocent Vigilant Ordinary7 . Secret8 . Peregrine9 . Fishing the Sky10 . Fight Song11 . An Army of FirefliesThis video was shot with multiple cameras , nice , the sound is awesome , very nice . A must own for any Appleseed Cast fan . The early versions of the Sagarmatha songs are different from the album versions , which is also cool .
 I think we 've heard all the positive things you can say about this album , so how about some negative ? First of all , I find it interesting that the magazine that gave this album 3 stars and basically overlooked it -LRB- Rolling Stone -RRB- now has the biggest boner of any magazine . Give it a rest ! `` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' does not have the best solo ever , in fact , it 's one of the worst Nirvana solos ever , just repeating the chorus again . Not to mention that this album is so overproduced Kurt Cobain could n't even listen to it . There are some awesome songs on here and it was my introduction to grunge -LRB- well , this and Ednaswap -RRB- but there was much better grunge and a lot of it was done by Nirvana .
 I laughed out loud several times and I enjoyed the action scenes . did I mention that Lee Evans is a little annoying but he 's hilarious .
 I am a die-hard Jackie Chan fan . I also grew up watching kung fu movies on Samurai Sunday . This movie was great ! It was hillarious ! The guy from Something About Mary was extremely funny . The guy who said that die-hard fans wo n't get anything out of this movie needs to get off his high horse . 1 star ! Please ! This is a 5 star flick if you enjoy funny movies . There is a lot of great cult classic movies which appear on Mystery Science Theatre 3000 , like Godzilla movies ... nuf said !
 I love the Medallion ! It 's Jackie Chan 's Best Movie ! Jackie Chan plays Hong Kong Police Cop , Eddie Yang . British Comedian Lee Evans plays Detective Authur Watson ! Together they make a great team ! I also like Eddie Yang 's Partner , Nicole James played by Claire Forlani . This is a great movie ! It 's funny , amusing , and worth many laughs ! -LRB- ... -RRB- Highly Recommended !
 This movie was so good , I saw it in the theaters three times . And it got better each time . This movie is a little different from Jackie Chan 's other movies because it is not as funny as Rush Hour or Shanghai Noon . Some of the comedy in this movie was a little awkward and out of place , but I feel like the script writers did this to try to keep up to par with the comedic side of Jackie 's other movies . This movie is very dramatic at points and is very emotional which is rare for a Jackie Chan movie . It allows Jackie to show his acting skills very well . There is an underlining love story which is another rarity for Jackie . There is a lot of action in this movie ; however , a lot of the action is not as comedic as the stuff you see in Shanghai Knights . It 's more of a serious type of action sequence . However , the action is very appropriate for kids . There is almost no bad language in this movie and no sexual referances other than a conversation that can be and was was intended to be mistaken for such . This movie will satisfy all your cravings . It has action , humor , and love story . I would recommend this movie to anyone .
 I just love the pictures and updated sound quality from Bluray movies that were transfered from either VHS or older DVD 's and so will YOU !!!!
 It 's very fun to watch as in many Jackie Chan 's movies . He did n't lose his humor in that movie . Some good and interesting fights and good plot !
 This movie has typical Jackie Chan action , a lot of humor , and a little romance . Very good for the whole family to enjoy or just for you to destress for awhile .
 It has been a long time since I watched this movie . Tonight , I refreshed my memory and forgot how good it was . Jackie Chan stars as a Hong Kong police officer named Eddie Yang who is working with Interpol in order to bring down a man named Snakehead . Eddie teams up with his girlfriend , Nichole and a clumsy doofus named Arthur Watson . When Eddie dies during his investigation , he is brought back to life by a powerful medallion that gives him superhuman powers . Eddie uses this power to stop Snakehead from using the medallion in a bad way . If you love action and comedy , you 'll love THE MEDALLION !!!
 The Medalion is one of my favorite films and has been for many years . The mysticism is somewhat disturbing in my opinion , but overall a great flick .
 this is an awesome movie what am i saying all of jackie chan 's movies are awesome . if you have n't seen thios than you should . it 's great
 Aside from other reviewers who apparently have it in for this movie , I actually rather enjoyed it . Granted , I agree that the dub was pretty so-so and a bit corny . But , well , it 's a Jackie Chan movie ! Were we really expecting Citizen Kane?I thought the action was good , and generally enjoyed it . Sure , the villain was a bit over-the-top , and the plot premise was a bit hard to believe -LRB- not entirely unlike the premise ofThe Golden Child , with Eddie Murphy -RRB- , but then again , when is that ever NOT the case in a Jackie Chan movie?In all , I like the movie . Perhaps not as much asThe Forbidden Kingdom.The Mythor theRush Hourseries . But , I figure it 's another decent Jackie Chan movie . Happy to have it in the collection .
 yes this was a very good jackie chan movie . since the action is fun too watch . and the movie was somewhat funny .
 Inspector Eddie Yang -LRB- Jackie Chan -RRB- eats octopus . If that is n't tough , I do n't know what is . He along with Interpol have to protect a young boy who holds the key to immortality and death . What ? He has a copy of an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie ? No ! He has `` The Medallion ! '' After Yang flipped over here and over there and after walking over a row of bicycles , he still managed to fail . The poor man drowned while saving the boy from evil Snakehead and left his noisy partner -LRB- Lee Evans -RRB- and pretty girlfriend -LRB- Claire Forlani -RRB- behind . This movie is pure flamenco ! See Yang run through the forest like a ballerina and the leaves follow him like a swarm of enchanted bees . The famous scream sound is heard not once , but twice in this movie ! Of course Yang has to fight a gauntlet of goons , but still wins . He even showed Spider-Man that he 's got more power by jumping to rooftops from the ground ! No web-slinging action here , just good old-fashioned Jackie Chan fun .
 I liked this movie much more than `` Tuxedo '' . I guess the underlying `` spiritual '' or `` magical '' theme appealed to me much more . Yes it was kind of a typical bad guy craving power vs. good guy fighting for a good cause - but I appreciated buddhist temple and a young boy with supernatural powers . I know , one would wonder if a little boy is all-powerful how could he get caught up in a mess in the first place -RRB- . As far as special effects go - my favorite scene was near the end where the bad guy gets smacked . The movie has an alternative ending , though it looked more as an attempt to make an alternative ending because it did n't make much sense , or rather it did n't logically connect to the previous segment of the movie.Nevertheless , I did enjoy the theme of this movie as well as the effects of `` supernatural '' powers .
 Simply outstanding ! the movie was superb , alot of great comedy and wild stunts ! if you love Jackie Chan then you 'll LOVE THIS FLICK !
 a very great movie . jackie chan has n't lost a touch yet . the best action movie of 2003 or may be possibly the best movie of this year . a must see for every true jackie chan fan . dont listen to the critics . watch the movie & you will sure love it a lot . watch it . i would recommend it to anybody who is interested in Jackie Chan .
 I brought my 6 year old karate loving son to this movie -LRB- with apprehension -RRB- and left pleasantly surprised . The movie was cute with a lot of action . My son was glued to his seat . Although it was rated PG 13 , I feel that a mature youngster watching with an adult would be fine .
 What a delightful evening our family had watching Jackie Chan in the fairly thick , action packed storyline of The Medallion . Jackie may be aging , but he still magnificantly moves fluidly across the big screen with his leaps and high flying kicks continuing to hold the attention of audiences of all ages . To keep up with movies like The Matrix , digital special effects are incorporated with Jackie 's movements making him appear supernatural -- but he does become supernatural after rescuing a small boy who holds the key to the meaning of the medallion which brings people back from the dead making them impervious to knives and other weapons . With such a fun story line and comical dialog , this movie is fun to watch .
 First off i would have given it a 3.5 Jackie Chan is almost 50 , and still lithe as a cat scaling a wall . Nevertheless , it is clear in The Medallion that he is not the miraculous whirlwind he once was.His fight scenes and chases , while still choreographed with balletic ingenuity , tend to highlight earth-bound skills - like that wall-climbing trick he still executes so effortlessly.More tellingly , he submits at long last to the dominion of special effects.Particularly in the second half of the movie , he sails through the air in fanciful style , propelled by wires and computer-generated illusions.There is nothing inherently wrong with that , and heaven knows no other action star at work today has shown Chan 's uncanny stamina . The guy deserves a break.Still , the high-flying digital tricks signal the end of the pure-Jackie era of no stunt doubles , no wires and no computer effects.Old-schoolers may mourn , but action stars like to show they are more than fists and feet , so why not the Chan Man himself?As if to underscore the transition to a new style , The Medallion also gives Chan a reasonable facsimile of a romance , not to mention his first serious on-screen kiss.Claire Forlani -LRB- Meet Joe Black -RRB- does an able job as Nicole James , an Interpol officer who reconnects with Hong Kong inspector Eddie Yang -LRB- Chan -RRB- when he goes to Ireland looking for a kidnapped child.It seems the little boy was born to fulfill an ancient Buddhist prophecy about supernatural powers - including life and death - to be had with a certain magical medallion.Naturally , a megalomaniacal bad guy - with the wickedly lurid name of Snakehead -LRB- Julian Sands -RRB- - has gotten wind of the prophecy and means to have the medallion for himself.In the opening scenes , Eddie rescues the boy from a burning room shortly after sharing his octopus dinner with a street-side dog . -LRB- Nobody ever accused the Hong Kong action-movie community of excessive subtlety . -RRB- For the rest of the movie , he performs variations of the same feat , as the kid changes hands several times.At one point , Eddie even appears to be stone-cold dead , but having bonded with the life-and-death kid , he gets to come back . His rebirth bonus is virtual immortality . He can feel pain but does n't bleed when injured - as demonstrated in a funny scene when he is stabbed repeatedly by an incredulous crony.That crony is another Interpol agent called Watson , played by the British slapstick comic Lee Evans -LRB- Mouse Hunt -RRB- , who is sometimes charmingly clumsy and sometimes cloying and overbroad.Aside from such tone-deaf lapses , director Gordon Chan , who shares writing credit with four others , observes the conventions of the Jackie Chan style while adding a layer of high-tech polish to the proceedings.The movie 's action scenes are choreographed by Chan 's childhood friend Sammo Hung , the veteran Hong Kong director and actor best known in the United States from his stint on the TV series Martial Law.Hung 's playful take on martial-arts style perfectly matches Chan 's own comic bent ; together they pack more wit into a simple chase than most action movies do into their most elaborate showdowns.It is that wit that is the sorriest loss in the turn to special effects . Anybody can fly with a green screen and wires , but it takes a creative mind to figure out a way for one little guy to whomp a roomful of opponents all by himself .
 Jackie Chan is not shining in this adventure of his own type -LRB- full of fun and action -RRB- but elements of supernatural and the way the effects are built upon that makes this move worthed 4 starts . The plot goes well , even if it felt to me as it slowed down unnecessary in the middle of the movie because more time was spent on the hunt for kid instead on pieaces of story on the medalion . Would not go into details of my expirience watiching it because if you are not Jackie Chan fun you would not even see this movie anyway , and if you are you will for sure .
 I saw some reviews from people who hated the movie and gave it a bad rating . I believe the reason for this is that they were expecting a serious action movie . This is a funny , comic movie . You got ta watch it with an open mind to fantasy and the type of comedy we expect from Jackie Chan . And it 's a very family movie , too ; again , as we expect from Jackie Chan . It 's a bit less fighting action than we expect from J.Chan , though . You can expect Matrix-style miraculous action scenes , but often with a comic tone . If you 're up for that , you 're gon na love this movie ! = -RRB-
 I believe this movie was great . I was laughing throughout the whole movie . I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes karate movies , and lots of laughs . Its also a must see for kids ,
 This movie has a lot of funny action scenes and lines in it . Some things were funny -LRB- and stupid in some ways -RRB- . Overall I found the movie to be on the edge of the seat action movie while all along the movie was very funny . I recommend it .
 Wow , this movie was great !! . It was filled with loads of laughs and action , and just a little romance on the side , which is a pretty good combination . Jackie Chan still got it ! He still has the moves ! This movie was just hilarious ! but not as funny as Rush Hour 1 and 2 . I recommend this for all the Jackie fans out there !!!
 u cant hate chan , i sure dont . ill just add this movie to my other 300 chan films . what a master
 The Medallion is my favorite Jackie Chan film ! Buy the DVD release of the Medallion on December 23rd ! It will no doubt have special Features like deleted Scenes , Theaterical Trailers , T V Spots , and Behind the Scenes Featurettes ! I love this Movie ! The Medallion starring Jackie Chan , Lee Evans , and Clair Forlani Is a great film ! Jackie Chan plays Hong Kong Police Detective Eddie Yang , Nicole Forlani plays British Police Detective Nichole James , and Lee Evans plays British Interpol Dectective Authur Watson ! I mus get this DVD ! Highly recommended !
 i dont know why people hate on this movie , its actually pretty good , it has good action , nice special effects , and the acting is so cheesy its funny ... if you watch the film carefully youll find many flaws , like the reflection of the camera man on the door , a guys face behind a door , behind jackie chan . . lol i dont know how they couldnt have noticed this or fixed it , but overall the movie was fun to watch , it aint ur hard core martial arts movie with bodies flying everywhere . . it aint your hardcore action gore film , with lots of gun battles or what not . but theres still good action and comedy . . Lee Evans gives the movie comic relief and Jacke Chan is still as funny '' You dont think i dont recognize my own thing '' after seeing himself dead , lol . there lots of funny lines in the movie . . wich keeps it going . . if ur not sure about it go rent it , by bought it cuz i like anything with jackie chan in it ... and pretty women
 The actors certainly had almost as fun making this fim as I had viewing it .
 I enjoyed this film . It was a classic jackie chan adventure full of comedy , action , and cute chicks . Although this was n't his best by far it was still very entertaining . His comedic sidekick was great , only part i did not like was the end . I expected a better fight scene . Otherwise if you are a true jackie chan fan you will want to see this movie . Do n't be warded off by bad reviews because if you love jackie chan , you already know a lot of his movies have bad story and acting , but it 's jackie himself that electrifies the screen .
 ` The Medallion ' captures all of the qualities fans of Jakie Chan know and love , action , supspense , extreme humor , and a touch of mystisism , all the qualities I know and loved in the KID 'S WB ! ` Jakie Chan
 Jackie again does all his own stunts in this action comedy also starring Claire Forlani and Lee Evans.I quite like this movie . Note that despite seeming like a Hollywood film it is actually a Hong Kong film shot in Hong Kong , Thailand and Ireland . I 've been debating as to whether or not to give it 3 or 4 stars but I 've chosen to go with 4 stars . The film itself has pretty average action and comedy , but the idea that this movie is really aiming to be something great appeals to me . The outtakes at the end of the film are also very funny.The DVD has a very straight laced audio commentary - not that much fun but nonetheless informative . It also features a wide array of deleted scenes . I 'm kinda glad the deleted scenes did n't make it into the film . Only one is worthwhile , and that involves Jackie Chan revealing that he is alive to Claire Forlani . It explores the history of the characters very well and it 's a shame it was cut from the film . It also has Claire Forlani at her dramatic best -LRB- quite reminiscent of her role in `` Meet Joe Black '' -RRB- . In summary , The Medallion is short and sweet . Check it out . You might like it .
 I saw this movie ten times . I just love it . It was a great movie just as I expected . A must see . The others who didnt like it , they dont have a life . they just give racist comments . They didnt see the movie . When i was wathcing the movie , everyone in the theatre were highly enjoying especially during the action scenes . me too . Jackie Chan has done it again . A must buy . A must see for die hard fans .
 This was a movie that has a little bit of everything in it . There 's comedy , Kung Fu , Love and fantasy . Every age can watch this and once again Jackie Chan comes away a winner .
 Jackie brings the fun and gorgeous Claire Forlani along for the ride on this film . Entertaining , funny and plenty of screen time for Forlani whom is possibly the most beautiful woman on film . She 's drop dead gorgeous . And those eyes!Plus she does a lot of her own stunts and is pretty good . Fun film for an evening in .
 Dougray Scott did a good job in this . Was very interesting and kept you in suspense .
 This was a great new on the vampire concept that introduced and explored some great `` what ifs '' . Like what if science sent us technologically backwards and we all embraced the church ? The plot runs the line of Jack the Ripper , but with some unique twists . In some ways it looked like a dirty ` Ultraviolet ' ... except with a bit more plot and a lot less stylized fights.For people who love vampire flicks that actually contribute to the vampire genre in insightful ways rather than for the use of a cheap monster movie this one 's for you . The actors made some great character choices and the direction did a good job making sure everything flowed together ... that and the use of wires added just the polish this movie needed to give the vampires a sense of style .
 In the movie `` Perfect Creature '' , vampires are the result of early genetic engineering and have become the protectors of humanity as well as the sciences . They are not the `` bite everyone on the neck and go on a killing spree type of vamps , '' which is really refreshing as vampire movies go.The film is set in an alternate reality version of England . The Brotherhood has watched over humanity for three centuries and have developed a close relationship with the humans until one of its own goes nuts and starts to hunt .
 In an alternate steampunk future in New Zealand , there lived a race of genetically made race of vampires called `` The Brotherhood '' who has been in harmony with humans for a long time who are sworn to protect humans from an infection that has been going on for years as they are considered the next step in evolution . One vamp named Silis -LRB- Dougary Scott -RRB- however is set out to find a murderous vampire that is responsible for some of the infections that have been going on for days with the help of a reluctant police officer named Lilly -LRB- Saffron Burrows -RRB- . A fascinating Science Fiction horror fantasy thriller import from New Zeland . It 's one of the country 's most expensive movie as it offers impressive surrealism that makes it look like a mix of the 60 's and 1900 's all combined in the future , with just a touch of Orwell thrown in . The film is slow paced at times but it has an intriguing storyline that makes it different than your typical vampire movie but more on the biological made vampire like in Richard Matheson 's book `` I Am Legend '' . There is some messages in it about prejudice and biological warfare on how they can change things unless not being careful.This DVD contains featurettes and trailers to other fox titles.Also recommended
 This is a very graphic suspense-thriller , filmed in New Zeland , that adds a bold new twist to the vampire myth . Three centuries ago , human genetic experimentation gave rise to an advanced species known as the Brotherhood . They lived in harmony with humans , protecting them from disease while relying on them for sustenance . This balance between man and vampire is threatened when Brother Silus -LRB- Dougray Scott -RRB- learns that one of his kind has unleashed a deadly virus that is killing off humans . This film , made in 2007 , is mostly unheard of in the United States . Starring Dougray Scott , Saffron Burrows , Leo Gregory , Scott Wills , and Stuart Wilson , this film is worth watching !
 This was a strange and wonderful movie . I 'd call it a steam punk vampire movie . One of the wonderful things about vampire fiction and film is all the wiggle room . This version has Vampires being a male only DNA off shoot that has become a priesthood . They are feard and worshipped . The murder mystery and the always raining London are a great combination . I truly hope they make a sequel .
 i thought it was an excelent movie , very diffrent twist on the vampire sagas
 Late last year I read the amazing book Wicked Gentlemen by Ginn Hale , an anachronistic mash-up of futuristic sci-fi technology and Victoriana , that served as my introduction to `` steampunk , '' a genre of literature and film that I 'd never heard of before.Perfect Creature , like Hale 's book , is a steampunk thriller that pairs up a stoic police officer -LRB- Saffron Burrows -RRB- and an ethereal non-human -LRB- Dougray Scott -RRB- in a murder investigation/manhunt . It takes place on a `` world not unlike our own '' where horsedrawn carriages share the streets with London black cabs , while dirigibles float silently overhead . Despite the fact that the Jamestown slums , with their rampant poverty and workhouses , seem to harken back to Dickens 's Victorian England , the technology is straight out of WWII and fashion seems to span the better part of the Twentieth Century . In lesser hands , this all might have come off as cheesy , but the art direction is amazing and it was easy and enjoyable to be a part of this world for an all too brief 85 minutes . -LSB- Brevity being yet another quality it shares with Ginn Hale 's book . -RSB- Beyond the incredible worldbuilding , Perfect Creature offers moving performances by the three leads as well as the entire supporting cast . There 's not a clunker in the bunch . Dougray Scott -LRB- who left me cold in Drew Barrymore 's delightful Ever After -RRB- puts in a restrained and ultimately heartbreaking performance as the lonely priest/vampire and Saffron Burrows is affecting as the police captain who has never recovered from the loss of her husband and young daughter to influenza.Where a Hollywood genre film will always sacrifice emotional impact for a cheap throwaway `` catch phrase , '' this film has none of that . It 's serious and heartfelt . When someone dies , even a minor character , we are given a glimpse into the sadness of the survivor -LRB- s -RRB- and through them , we grieve too . The writer/director does n't underestimate the intelligence of his audience ; we 're allowed to understand all the characters , even if we do n't like them . Plus it 's deeply romantic . I actually cried near the end . I never , and I mean NEVER , cry at the end of films like this . But really , my point is , there are no films like this . This is n't your typical vampire film . This is an entirely different animal . I mean , for heaven 's sake , there 's even an homage of sorts to one of my favourite German art-house flicks - Wings of Desire . Your typical C-Grade Hollywood vampire movie -LRB- Blood Rayne , anyone ? -RRB- - this is not.On the surface , this film might be compared to the stylish Russian sci-fi films Night Watch/Day Watch , but it has much more heart . And there is no US film that comes close . Everything that the Underworld , Blade and Matrix films want to be , this film is . And then some .
 It 's in an alternate past/present/future where vampires run the church and care for mankind . That 's as believable as a lot of religious dogma . Kind of slow , but strangely enjoyable . Worth the rental fee .
 WOW ALL I CAN SAY IS PERFECT CREATURE IS A PERFECT MOVIE . THIS IS A WONDERFUL NEW VISION OF VAMPIRES . I AM SO SURPRISED I HAVE NOT SEEN OTHER PEOPLE TALK ABOUT THIS . THIS IS A FANTASTIC GOTHIC CLASSIC HAMMER TYPE FEEL OF A VAMPIRE FLICK MIXED WITH A LITTLE MATRIX TYPE ACTION . I WAS FLOORED WITH THIS LITTLE GEM.THE BAD GUY IN THIS IS PLAYED BY LEO GREGORY AND HE IS WONDERFUL . I LOVE IT . THE SENSE OF CLASSIC DRACULA HORROR RUNS THROUGH THIS VAMPIRES BLOOD AND WORKS IT FULL FORCE FOR THE EYE THAT IS WATCHING . I FELT HIS ANGER , PAIN AND HATRED TOWARD MAN AND HIS OWN KIND . TO ME I WILL REMEMBER HIS FACE AS A WONDERFUL VILLAIN IN HORROR MOVIE HISTORY . THE CAMERA WORK DONE UPON HIM MAKES HIM MORE OF A BEAST IN WONDERFUL WAYS THAT THE DIRECTOR CAPTURED.THIS IS A HORROR MOVIE THAT I CAN SEE MOVING ON IN MANY DIRECTION 'S IF THEY WANTED TO DO IT . IT 'S A PURE CLASSIC DARK GOTHIC TALE OF VAMPIRES DONE MODERN STYLE.I LOVE THE CONCEPT OF THE VAMPIRE . THE NEW TWIST OF THE LEGEND . THE CAMERA WORK AND THE ACTION AND PURE EVIL FILMED IS AMAZING AND TOP NOTCH CLASSIC TYPE HORROR FEEL.I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A FAN OF VAMPIRES AND DREAMED OF BEING ONE AS A CHILD . I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE VERY MUCH AND IT IS PURE CLASSIC STYLE . THE MOVIE IS SET IN THE OLD DAYS AND MIXED WITH AN ALTERED REALITY . IT WAS RELEASHED HERE IN AMERICA DIRECT TO VIDEO AND THAT IS A SHAME I WOULD HAVE LOVED TO GO TO THE MOVIES AND SEE THIS ONE.THIS TO ME IS A MUST SEE VAMPIRE MOVIE . I WOULD EVEN SAY IT 'S WORTH OWNING IN YOUR COLLECTION FOR A NEW VISION OF VAMPIRES WITH THE CLASSIC SENSE OF GOTHIC APPEAL ALL OVER IT .
 But I liked this film . It was made too late to be successful , I think . I really liked several of the scenes , which were well directed and played . I was pleasantly surprised that I liked Dougray Scott as a vampire , especially one in this very , very different -LRB- and refreshing -RRB- play on vampires . No sparkles here !
 I 'd seen this film a few years ago and put it on my `` to buy '' list . Took a while , but I finally found it and glad that I did !
 I love vampire movies . I think this one brings a new idea to the old ones.The vamps in this movie are `` protecters of humans '' . A rougue vamps starts killing humans.The plot is how the others vamps handle this one.Enjoy , I did .
 I found this movies by accident while looking for vampire movies and was curious enough to get it . It is dark , edgy and romantic . The story is complex enough to keep you engaged until the end and the characters have depth . The alternate universe has enough to be recognizable , yet different enough to make it interesting . The romantic hint between the lead vampire and the police woman teases those of us who love romance . I definately recommend this as a must view and keeper .
 I was a bit worried after reading the DVD box description
 A very well-executed story , in a slightly run-down steampunk setting.Overall , a nice alternative to the general `` vampires as predators '' story lines .
 I Love Vampire Movies , I Thought It Was Good , I Am Glad With My Purchase Of This Movie .
 Saffron Burrows from Boston Legal stars in Perfect Creature as a police officer who is hunted by a rather powerful vampire . While this movie does get dull in parts , the fight scenes are very good . Plus , Burrows is quit pleasant to look at.I rate this movie with 4 stars -
 This movie is a different version of the movie Underworld . There are no Werwolves , but lots of Vampires . A must have .
 What does it mean to serve ? This is the moral quandry that faces the vampires of the Brotherhood , a race of genetically-engineered beings whose moral duty it is to protect their fellow sentients - mankind.This fascinating reworking of the vampire legend is set on an Earth similar to our own , but with some notable differences . The most important , of course , is the existence of bloodsuckers , who were created by primitive science and breeding projects sometime in the early 18th century . At first , these new creatures were hunted by mankind , burned at the stake and slaughtered . However , they eventually merged somehow with the Catholic -LRB- or possibly Anglican -RRB- Church , to create a new religion , one with a main tenet espousing vampires as God 's servants to mankind.The background of this alternate Earth is a little hazy , and that 's the reason why I subtracted a star -LRB- I would 've liked to know more about this world -RRB- , but that does n't detract from the story , which is a neat little tale about a female detective in the city of Jamestown -LRB- Virginia ? Is this a Kingdom of Virginia ? Or an uber-British Empire ? A queen is mentioned ... -RRB- who is investigating a series of Jack the Ripper-like killings with the help of a vampire ` priest ' , Brother Silas.I wo n't give away plot details , because this movie is so much fun , you just have to watch it yourself and enjoy ! The acting is well-done , with Saffron Burrows -LRB- yummy -RRB- and Dougray Scott as the leads.Good special effects -LRB- airships ! -RRB- round out what is a very cool little gem of a movie . Why does crap like Transformers get such wide releases , and awesome flicks like this languish in obscurity ? It 's not fair , I tells ya ...
 The look and the feel of `` Perfect Creature '' was refreshing . It is seldom that I see a movie , these days , that can make me feel the characters emotions and draws me into the story so thoroughly . I certainly would like to see more of Dougray Scott -LRB- yummy -RRB- to quote someone else . When will a sequel be made ?
 This vampire movie is heavier on the suspense than the gore -LRB- which is unique in a movie about ` bloodsuckers ' -RRB- . It also focuses on characters rather than just relying on shock and awe action . Edgar is a ` bad vampire ' in an alternate world where vampires have managed to live side by side with humans . However , with all the prejudice still there from ' 300 years ago ' when people tried their best to wipe out vampires , Edgar threatens to upset the balance . A clever Sci-fi/Horror that leaves room for a good sequel.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 The review on the cover says `` Underworld Meets Children of Men '' . That 's actually a fair synopsis . While superior to `` Children of Men '' this movie is a little short of the excitement of `` Underworld '' , yet highly watchable -- thanks primarily to Dougray Scott who elevates this movie with his extraordinary acting . It was a great addition to my Vampire movie collection . I 'm even hopeful for a sequel although the fact that this movie went straight to DVD makes that doubtful.Strong recommend for vampire fans .
 This Is one of the most original thoughts I 've seen on the vampire.In fact the word vampire Is never mentioned . They are something different in this movie.In the movie you rethink all of mankind and how we fear whats different , and they In turn fear us . The movie even has references to when the creatures were starting to be born at 1st they were killed like monsters.That was 300 years to current time In the movie.Now they are trained at birth to serve us . There Is alchemy Involved and a virus the creatures -LRB- And our church leaders -RRB- have created by accident.The movie also does a awesome job at blending film noir as some described a Victorian England yet air baloons and Influenza Is humans greatest threat . This guy has some Immagination and a genius movie here.Except as some have noted the ending was confusing . Left you wondering the directors point / or writers . And a sort of let down . but the movie itself grabs you . Thats what I want to hear In a review . AND IT DOES and you wo n't stop until the end . HAT 'S OFF should be a classic but I do n't think It got the exposure to become one .
 This was filmed in Aqua Dulce , CA at a real outlaws hide away back in the old ays . Vasquez Rocks .
 This is a very good video . I 'm an Elvis aficionado and have seen many videos on Elvis . This video has interviews and footage that i have not seen before , and that is hard to do . It is also accurate . There is a lot of `` trash '' out there on Elvis , most of it claiming to be authoritative , but is not . This is a quality video that I would not hesitate to buy and add to my collection .
 I watch a lot of bad movies , and I expected this to be no different . I was quite blown away . The music is totally standout , the acting is pretty great -LRB- though it lags at times -RRB- , and the story 's progression is tense . The story is pretty sparse , but I think that 's by design , and I felt it worked well for the film . The camera and lighting is pretty , um ... indie , but the whole film 's budget is just $ 100,000 . The audio work , on the other hand , is top notch . It may not be the shiniest , most polished film ever , but it 's creative and deftly told . I suggest it highly .
 Summerhill is truly a great film that opens your eyes to a whole new world . I especially enjoy what director William Tyler Smith brings to the table . Great job all around !
 I 'm not going to compare this to the other current DVD by HEART , who SHOULD be in the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame , Alive in Seattle ... its pointless who needs to choose I 'd suggest you buy them BOTH!But back to this show ... its a very very good mix of absolute classics , sprinkled with some new material and benefits from a few Zep covers -LRB- nobody I mean NOBODY sings Zep like Ann Wilson -RRB- . The Sound Stage production values are as good as any you will ever get . Bottom line ... if you are a fan -LRB- and I ca n't believe you would be reading if you are not -RRB- ... get it!I 'm an old guy , and remember when these . . real `` sisters '' burst onto the scene and nobody could believe a band led by girls could rock this hard ... well they still do !!! fabulous fabulous fabulous ... and the 9 minute interview is great.also ... the DVD where they re-create the classic DREAMBOAT ANNIE album live is wonderful as well . I like all their projects but perhaps I 'd choose this if I was budgeting for only 1 as it is varied ... and is such high quality production .
 Heart 's new live DVD concert is a re-release of the `` couple of years old '' Soundstage concert . If you own the Soundstage concert , be careful not to buy this one as they are the exact same concert . I never owned the old one so I bought this new release , and it is an amazing concert . First the band , obviously Ann Wilson on Vocals , Sometimes Guitar and Flute . Nancy Wilson on Acoustic and Electric Guitar and Vocals , are they mainstays . They are heart . The band may change , but these two sisters are the name and face of heart . As for the rest of the band , Craig Bartoc is on Lead Guitar , Debbie Shair is on Keyboards , and is loved by the crowd . Ben Smith is on Drums , and these three members are still with Heart . The last member is former Ozzy and current Alice in Chains Bassist , Mike Inez on the Bass Guitar . The band is solid , and the music rocks . Ann Wilson 's voice is so powerful and Emotional , that it will give you goosebumps . The Concert is just under two hours and features 23 songs . I highly recommend this DVD , but only if you do n't own the original release . If it is brand new for you then by all means buy it , and enjoy .
 Koch Vision and Soundstage presents `` HEART LIVE '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- -LRB- 110 mins/Color -RRB- -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- -- Now , an astonishing three decades later , the gals are back and better than ever . Soundstage
 Loved the `` new blu-ray '' concert which is actually a re-release of an older blu-ray concert . Fortunately , I do n't have the older version , so this concert is new to me.I enjoyed listening to a few songs repeatedly and I noticed that the organ accompaniment to `` Alone '' was interesting and I actually liked it at first . After listening to the organ a few times , it started to sound too much like a funeral arrangement . I think the more traditional treatment of `` Alone '' that Ann Wilson performed at the `` Heart
 If you 're a Heart fan , this is proof that the Wilson Sisters still have it ! This is a small venue with great sound and performance . I have seen the Sisters live years ago , definitely worth the listen and seeing .
 This is quite possibly the highest quality concert ever filmed of one of the most important rock bands of the last forty years . Nancy Wilson looks and sounds amazing , and the band is tight and in sync . The only problems with this show are the omission of ` Never ' and the fact that this was n't Ann Wilson 's best night vocally . She is scratchy and often shies away from the highest notes . Its unfortunate because I saw her live this summer , and she sounded great . Overall , still a great show , however .
 Exceptional work by the Wilson sisters and the band ! The video and audio are primo and well worth the investment ... I love Nancy Wilson , -LRB- total HOTTIE at any age -RRB- !!!
 I 've seen Heart live a few times over the past few years , and will seem again -LRB- with Joan Jett !!!! -RRB- on June 29th of this year -LRB- ca n't wait for that !!! -RRB- . I 've wanted this particular concert on Blu-Ray for a long time , but was waiting for the price to come down . The audio and video are pretty damn near perfect . Ann 's voice is a tad raspy in some spots , but c'mon the woman has been belting out hits since the mid-1970s , the fact that she still sounds this awesome is a tribute to the power of her voice . Nancy is the perfect accompaniment . Providing harmonies , lead vocals on a couple of tracks , and amazing guitar she is other half of this great equation . In fact , Ann and Nancy play an array of instruments throughout the 23-song set . Many of the hits are here - `` Magic Man , '' `` Barracuda , '' `` Straight On , '' `` Alone , '' `` These Dreams , '' and `` Crazy on You . '' Most of the tracks are from Heart 's 2004 CD ` Jupiter 's Darling , ' which is amazing album -LRB- if you do n't have it , pick it up -RRB- . Highlights for me include their song `` Sand , '' which showed up on 2010 's ` Red Velvet Car , ' but was initially written years ago during their Lovemonger days , and a stunning cover of Elton John 's `` Love Song . ''
 This was a much better concert that what I expected . Good production value and enjoyable show . I recommend it . I have other Heart concerts and this stands up with the rest . It is probably the most up to date show that I have .
 I attended the taping of this Soundstage Show at the WTTW PBS Chicago Studio . It was an amazing night of super music . I have been a career length fan , and this showcases Ann and Nancy at their best.I have the 2 disk DVD set I got from WTTW when it was released . Now in HD/Blu Ray , its better than ever.If you are a fan , this is a MUST have for your Blu ray concert collection . Heart is forever.www.Heart-music . com
 AFTER ALL THESE YEARS THE HEART SISTERS STILL HAVE IT ! I HAVE SEEN THEM 5 TIMES AND THEY CAN TOTALLY ROCK YOUR SOCKS CLEAN OFF EVERY SINGLE TIME . THIS DVD IS TOTALLY WORTH BUYING . ALL THE CLASSICS ARE THERE PLUS SOME SONGS FROM THEIR MOST CURRENT STUDIO ALBUM . I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS DVD FOR YOUR COLLECTION
 Seeing Ann and Nancy perform make you like them even better . This is a great dvd , they cover a lot of their old songs and new , great variety . Recording and filming is excellent .
 A very good combination of blues , rock and rolling sounds of these two singers and composers combined . Recommend for everyone to listen and enjoy the blending of rythm and vocals . You must have one of this in . 7.1 surround dts hd and blur ray video for a relaxing enjoyment in a reasonable price . Thanks ...
 MY WIFE AND I HAVE BEEN HEART FANS SINCE WE WERE TEENS . I LIKE THIS SHOW BECAUSE IT HAS SONGS THAT WE LIKE THAT ALIVE IN SEATTLE DIDNT HAVE . IF YOU LIKE HEART , YOU 'LL LIKE THIS CONCERT .
 I have been a Heart fan since 1976 . In the long ago past I 've seen them in concert , and was not happy with what I heard . As the band has continued to grow , the concerts started sounding more , and more like the album they were promoting . This DVD is what I would consider `` Collectable '' . It gave me great pleasure to hear some of my favorite songs sound so darn good live ! If you are interested in getting the best in live renditions ; this DVD is the bomb !
 While I listened to Heart a great deal in their day , I have to say I was blown away by this concert . These ladies are in their 50s and wow what energy and fire they have ! They are as tight as they have ever been and their song selection is wonderful . The covers of The Battle of Evermore , Misty Mountain Hop and Black Dog by Led Zeppelin were outstanding.Soundstage did a terrific job with the sound and production of this DVD . My daughter watched it with me and is now a Heart/Love Mongers fan.Grats to Ann and Nancy and the rest of the band . This is top notch !
 I have always enjoyed Heart and their above the level entertainment . Ann 's vocals are fantastic , and the rocker guitar of Nancy make a person stand up in the living room and sing along as if I were there . Love the talent of this group !!!
 Ann and Nancy never sounded better . Still the rockinest two women around . Their early material is crisp , clear and updated . I loved hearing Ann sing Led Zep again . Would n't it be fun to see her duo with Robert Plant ? If you love Heart , buy this DVD and turn it up loud .
 I would definitely recommend this dvd ... because it is fantastic ! The quality is excellent , with great closeups , making you feel like you are really there . The song selections are great , with new songs , old songs , and several Zeppelin tunes . And Heart has never sounded better . Ann sounds amazing on Black Dog !! Also included is a short interview , which I enjoyed as well . The only bad thing was that I wished it were longer , because I wanted to hear more !!! So , I just watched it all over again . Heart Live is a wonderful musical experience . Enjoy it !
 These gals still have it and look good to boot . I especially like their covers of Zeppelin . Good band behind them .
 This item arrived earlier than committed to by the vendor and as described . I would gladly purchase additional items in the future from this vendor .
 This is a very good DVD . I had the LP Dreamboat Annie in the late 70s -LRB- melted when I spent some time in the tropics -RRB- so I could n't believe my eyes when I found this DVD on Amazon.Even though a long time has passed , the performers are still so full of energy and the music is still brilliant . Even better , with modern recording , the middle tracks have n't lost their crispness -LRB- for those who remember the ` pleasures ' of vinyl -RRB- . Fully recommend it .
 I saw Heart in 1977 in Giants Stadium in a fantastic performance . Their songs were always great so I wanted a DVD that can bring back their good songs . This DVD covers 23 songs spanning the years . Musically , the Wilson sisters have n't missed a beat and the rest of the band excelled also , especially the drummer -LRB- IMHO -RRB- . I liked the small venue instead of a large concert crowd in order to appreciate the music more . But a concert atmosphere always brings out a little more excitement and the crowd gets into it more . The crowd here was so-so . The only negative is Ann 's voice has lost it a bit but she was able to hit the high notes fairly well and with confidence - but no way as crisp and solid as her younger years . Also , do n't expect to see special additions , videographies or anything like that - the DVD disappointingly does not have them , but I new that going in . Overall , I enjoyed this DVD concert and was not disappointed .
 it was really great to see the sisters on stage again and doing what they love doing entertaining people the still have the ability to rock the house .
 What can one say about the first ladies of Rock 'n Roll ... A truly fantastic DVD/Album !!! Crazy On You , Magic Man , Kick It Out ... Truly amazing !!!
 Here is just another great Heart DVD . Out of 3 dvd 's I do n'think they have a bad one yet .
 I have bought this DVD 3 times . Once for myself which I loved , then I bought 2 more to give as Xmas gifts
 You got ta love the soundstage concerts . One thing soundstage does is bring in quality groups . Heart is simply fantastic in this show . All their songs sound tight & simply rock . Now we need soundstage to give us the Ringo Starr concert .
 This is really not very good . Do n't have high expectations and you may enjoy yourself . Toss it on in the background while you do chores .
 I give it 10 thumbs up . It was exciting , kept you on the end of your set . I will tell all my friends and family .
 I love every movie she has been in . She is so good . The movie would not be what it is with out her . I ca n't wait to see if they do another one . I hope they do .
 RING OF FIRE II
 Wow ! `` Ring of Fire 2 '' takes an entirely different route than the original . The first installment was a Romeo and Juliet type of romance set against a backdrop of a cross-culture martial arts fued . Don `` The Dragon '' Wilson was the romantic lead and left most of the fight scenes to his capable co-stars . The sequel , on the other hand , is a non-stop action film . Don , reprising his role of Johnny , and his buddies go underground -LRB- literally ! -RRB- in search of the gang leader who kidnapped his fiance -LRB- Maria Ford , reprising her role - but with a different hair color ! -RRB- . The plot is totally contrived , but this is just such a likable knucklehead of a movie that it 's hard not to like it . Don the Dragon gets plenty of fight scenes this time around . Wise move . `` Ring of Fire 2 '' is solid action entertainment . Just remember to leave your I.Q. at the door and you 'll love it .
 Do The Right Thing is a very loud and in your face film and set Spike Lee up for a long career are racially charged films . Overall i quite liked the film and while there are some specific complaints that i have it still warrants praise , especially for its complex and controversial subject matter.The film starts out quite simple , simply showing life in New York in a black neighborhood . For a large part of the film I had trouble finding any particularly coherent plot . Normally I would immediately be put off by this in a film but I think Lee makes it work . His honest portrayal of communities like this one overshadows the lack a specific plot . Later on though , different character dynamics begin to take prominence and the point of the film becomes clearer.The acting in the film plays a large part in making to film seem real and all the actors played their parts well . I 'm especially impressed by Spike Lee 's ability to write , direct , and act in his films , especially at his young.The deeper messages of the film are especially interesting though many things in the plot do n't seem to get resolved . This is another thing that normally would cause me to not like a film but I think it fits the subject matter . Spike Lee does n't try to bring unrealistic closure to the issues being dealt with.I thought Do The Right Thing was a very good movie and deserves the acclaim it has been given and the place of cultural significance it has .
 Director Spike Lee wastes no time turning up the heat in this provocative allegorical dramedy about race relations in America , filtered through a day in the life of Brooklyn 's multi-ethnic Bed-Stuy neighborhood . From the opening credits , which literally explode onto the screen with a muy caliente Rosie Perez busting some serious moves to the strains of Public Enemy 's `` Fight the Power '' , to the jaw-dropping climax , this is one of those rare films that manages to engage mind , body and soul all at once . One of the few films on the subject that is not afraid to admit to and confront the fact that bigotry comes in all colors . I think it remains his finest work to date . The cast includes Ossie Davis , Ruby Dee , Danny Aiello , John Turturro and Giancarlo Esposito . Criterion-what took you guys so long ?
 This is still Spike Lee 's greatest film and a powerhouse . I have a personal favorite but I like this one very much . A hot Brooklyn day , a pizza place , a black neighborhood and an Italian pizza parlor combine together in a violent night . It creates strong emotions and one can really identify with the people living in this neighborhood . Spike Lee is great in his films and should consider acting more often . Very moving and will stay with you long after . I 've seen it several times and the impact is the same as it was when it was initially released . It 's sad that nothing has changed all that much and may have gotten worse in spots . New York City is better but other cities have fallen behind .
 A must see for any movie buff , or culture warrior . Spike Lee does it again in DTRT . A true representation of racial lines , and racial divides done in a way that will have you laughing and angry . Bravo Spike Lee , Bravo .
 This is Spike 's third film and everything I had to say for his second film , `` School Daze '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- most certainly can not be said for this one . In this movie , Spike matures . In `` Do the Right Thing '' , Spike tackles the wider world with an extremely perceptive and compassionate eye . Rarely do I see a film which shows the many sides of a person then this film and its characters . Follow the owner of Sal 's Pizza -LRB- played brilliantly by Danny Aiello -RRB- and watch the complexity of feelings he has towards his clientele -LRB- African-Americans living on the same block as Sal 's store in Brooklyn -RRB- . We see that he is totally and utterly compassionate as he eases his own sons ' racist remarks about the customers . We watch as is culturally-inherited racism creeps up in moment of passion -LRB- when Radio Raheem refuses to shut down his boom box -RRB- . In the same sense , towards the beginning of the movie we watch as a man complains to the police that two men aimed a fire hydrant at him and his car . The police casually brush it off in a manner that they are almost on the side of the two men , basically saying , `` It is what it is '' . Towards the end of the movie , we watch the hidden rage within the police menSocial , political , cultural and psychological commentaries are abundant in this movie . I am certain that most of you out there -LRB- no matter your background -RRB- will enjoy this movie for this reason alone . But for cinematography buffs you will have a field day . Taking place during the course of one day , what just so happens to be the hottest day of the year , the choice of colors are as sizzling as the sun with vibrant reds and oranges . The angles of the shots are also something to mention.Lastly , I have never seen a Spike Lee joint , until a few days ago when I started with his first film . Now after watching his third film I am beginning to see some similarities which may or may not be his unique style . Something which I just love and was prominent in this film was his sense of humor . I , so far , love Lee 's sense of humor . Actually he does not get a rise out of me , that is I have never laughed out loud , however he does something better . With his ironic humor he makes me smile a smile of joy . The perfect example of this is when Spike Lee 's character and his sister 's -LRB- in real life and in the movie -RRB- character are standing on the side of Sal 's building and get into a fight . As they yell and bicker , they both see a humor in this yelling and bickering and chuckle . The fighting continues but they both wear smiles.One regret about this film , I wish I saw it in its Criterion format.On his third film now , I am just itching to see what 's next . Next review Mo ' Better Blues .
 A powerful ironic film that explains why racism is so difficult and so intractable a problem . This brilliantly written and directed film has received far less attention than it deserves.Of special note is Danny Aiello 's performance as Sal , who translates his pride almost unknowingly into an insensitivity that becomes tragic . Although he ends up totally incapable of understanding any of what befalls him , Aiello 's Sal shows himself worthy of the compassion you can not help feeling for him.The extremely funny scene in which each ethic group spews epithets about another is a classic . It alone is worth the price of the movie .
 This movie about race relations in a Brooklyn movie was Spike 's breakthrough movie . Spike showed how N.Y.C. various ethnic groups live , fight and sometimes love each other . Buy it !
 Writer/Director Spike Lee does a masterful job of making a compelling , provocative and artistically groundbreaking film . The plot revolves around surly pizza-delivery-guy Mooky . Mooky exists in two words with one foot in the white-owned business world of sal 's pizza and the other in the almost entirely black neighborhood of bed Stuy . In the end , he must make a choice between the two worlds . The beauty of the film is that it is not clear if Mooky ends up feeling he has done the right thing - and we are not sure either . It is the crime of the century that AFI left this off of their top 100 films of the century . Racist AFI - for shame !!!
 This movie was so in-your-face and relentless that it actually gave me a headache , but at least the headache was worth the viewing experience.The characters in this film are colorful , fleshed out , and varied enough in their personalities that you recognize Lee does not intend for you to come to an easy decision about whose actions were `` right '' in the movie . Oddly enough , the Black males were portrayed most negatively in the film , with perhaps the exception of Sal 's son , Pino.I suggest you not only regard this film as a commentary on racial struggles , but the struggles between the sexes , as well . Keeping this in mind will give a whole new dimension to the film.The film also makes one confront the issue of gentrification and whether or not other races entering the minority communities only subverts the interests of the community and its people.We can sympathize with and disagree with just about everyone in this film , and everybody and almost nobody is to blame for the horrible , horrible climax . We watch Black , white , Korean , Hispanic , and Puerto-Rican try to coexist in one neighborhood , and any peace that exists is terribly fragile and always at risk of being destroyed.The thought that most lingered in my mind after this film was , `` Why did these hopeless , destitute people turn against eachother and not rightfully vent their outrage at the city police who committed the worst act ? '' The people of the community , unfortunately , most likely will remain impotent and bitter because they do not focus their energy in any direction that will make a difference , much like what Mookie 's sister told Buggin ' about his unsuccessful boycott.This movie poignantly narrates what can happen when we violently try to `` convince '' people of our opinions rather than develop our capabilities for sympathy and develop recognition for one another 's humanity . As long as people put their racial , sexual , or economic classification as a priority above the classification of `` human-being '' , we will never overcome the destructive tendency to label people as `` Other '' , and thus less , than ourselves .
 ... but I 'll write some words anyway . What can I say ? Criterion has once again outdone themselves with a stunning presentation of one of the greatest films of all time . This two-disc special edition of Spike Lee 's 1989 masterpiece is astonishing . Not only do you get the film , you get multiple commentaries by the director , cinematographer , production designer and more . Plus a gorgeous transfer -- one of the best I 've seen on DVD so far -- that highlights the vibrant colors of this landmark film . The second disc contains a slew of extras -- trailers , music videos , a revealing documentary , press conferences , storyboards ... the works . The film itself , if you have n't already seen it , has been justly praised as a masterpiece . It centers around a Brooklyn neighborhood in one day of a massive heatwave . Racial tensions rise to incendiary levels when a young resident makes it his personal crusade to boycott a local Italian pizzeria . The performances , including Danny Aeillo , John Turturro , Ossie Davis , Giancarlo Esposito , Samuel L. Jackson and many more , are second to none . The film is also very funny ... the late stand-up comic Robin Harris delivers some of the movie 's funniest lines . Rarely has such a great movie received treatment like this that it so richly deserves .
 The fact that Spike Lee 's Do The Right Thing was n't given Academy Award nominations for Best Picture and Best Director is still considered by movie buffs to be one of the biggest Oscar snubs of all time . This was the best movie of 1989 , and ranks among the best that Spike Lee has ever directed.The story unfolds on one scorching summer day in Brooklyn , New York . It centers around Mookie -LRB- Spike Lee -RRB- , a down-and-out pizza deliverer who works for Sal 's Famous Pizzeria , owned by Sal -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- and his two sons . The neighborhood where the story unfolds is low-rent and crime-ridden , and the residents are mainly black . While his sons beg him to relocate the pizzeria to a nicer neighborhood , Sal does n't mind the surroundings . In fact , he takes great pride in having run this restaurant for so many years , and that the people of this neighborhood were raised on his food . Tensions flair when a militant called Buggin Out notices that there is n't a single picture of a black celebrity on the `` Wall of Fame '' that Sal has put up in his restaurant . Buggin Out insists that Sal put up pictures of black people , considering that most of his customers are black . Sal maintains that the Wall is for Italian celebrities only , so Buggin Out decides to organize a boycott of the pizzeria . This idea of a boycott eventually escalates into a riot at the end of the day , burning down the restaurant.Though Sal is emotionally crushed by the destruction of his life 's work , he is more hurt by the fact that Mookie helped in destroying the restaurant . Earlier on that same day , Sal had lovingly told Mookie that he thought of him as a son.This movie was extremely provocative when it first came out , and it still remains compelling today . It 's about race wars and loyalty , and those who struggle to choose sides . I think this is the kind of movie that should be shown in classrooms and then discussed at length . It 's extremely entertaining and also very educational . I have only the highest of recommendations for Do The Right Thing .
 I 've seen a few of Spike Lee 's films but I believe this one to be overall his consistently best film from start to finish . I actually met him and got his autograph in 1993 when I was at Notre Dame when we actually had a very good football team and I remember that for some reason he was there wearing a Florida St jacket and I was walking past him after we had beaten their Charlie Ward-led team which eventually went on to top the AP Poll - a travesty as Notre Dame beat them and should have finished first and not second in that poll despite the Boston College game but I digress . He looks a lot smaller in real life but his directing talent is gigantic.Not sinceGentleman 's Agreementhave I watched such an intelligent film that explores racism in its many nuances and levels and just as Gregory Peck 's character went to great lengths to explain that toleration and passive discrimination is just as bad or even worse than blatant outright discrimination as it is just hypocrisy in that film , Spike Lee does the same with Aiello 's character . In `` Gentlemen 's Agreement '' the best scene was when the late great John Garfield character tells the bewildered fiancee of Peck 's character who says in effect she 's not racist because some of her best friends are Jews that because she just sat and did or said nothing while her other racist friends are spouting racist remarks that in effect she was just as bad . Compare and contrast Aiello 's character and that of his older and younger sons . When the older spouted his `` animals '' crack Aieollo did or said nothing to discourage him suggesting that he was a hypocritical closet racist himself while his younger son stood up several times to the elder brother even risking a beating telling him off whenever he said racist things . Although Raheem was out of line , the scene was important for the subsequent racist cursing Aiello was spouting while he was destroying the radio showing that Aiello was a hypocritical racist all the while and it also shows just how close to the surface it was - Aiello the closet racist while his older son the openly racist with his youngest son the noble anti-racist who makes an attempt to correct them with no success but not for want of trying . And to say that Aiello 's character was `` innocent '' of Raheem 's death is ridiculous as it was Aiello 's stubborn racism which precipitated the fight causing the arrival of the police . Just putting up a single photo on his wall would mean the police never arrive and kill Raheem . I understand although I do n't condone Mookie 's subsequent actions as he sees the ludicrousness of how the refusal of a simple , inexpensive , painless request leads to the complex , extremely costly and painful loss of life.To say that Spike Lee was kinder to the Blacks and harsh on the Whites is ludicrous ; he made no attempts to sugar coat the behaviour of the 3 `` wise '' men bums who constantly talk about doing something but never do and yet one of them gets angry and racist against the Korean new immigrant who has the courage to actually do something . `` Mayor '' was chided by others in the neighbourhood for making excuses for his predicament instead of doing something about it . Even Mookie as the absentee irresponsible father is n't depicted or intended to be a role model . Lee I thought was very fair in showing the bad behaviour across all the races and characters that he projected . Just being tolerant is not enough and not the endgame but true acceptance and `` colour-blindness '' is which is what this film tries to convey and I feel succeeds in doing . Being just tolerant is equivalent to a mentality of separate but `` equal '' which the American Civil Rights movement and Apartheid in the past has shown is a nontenable arrangement which is merely racism disguised . As Dr. Spencer Wells and others have shown inThe Journey of Man
 When I first saw this film , I was utterly mesmerized by the lively , tumultuous tableau that Lee so masterfully painted . The dazzling array of characters , the tensions -LRB- racial or otherwise -RRB- that needed release in the heat , the sense of a fractious community - Lee really held it together . Then the climax of violence that came , from the spark of a needless killing , and threatened to engulf everyone . I loved it then and loved it now , 20 years after I first saw it.Nonetheless , the film had aged considerably for a number of reasons . First and foremost , race relations have evolved decisively . We have a black president , in spite of all our persistent problems of poverty , under-achievement , and drugs . But I also found some of the acting a bit stilted , even from two great actors , Aiello and Samuel Jackson ; even Ossie Davis and Turturro seemed locked in rather two-dimensional characters . Moreover , the complete absence of the drug culture makes the picture incomplete . Lastly , I found the climax , and particularly Mookie 's unexpected action , harder to believe than I did when younger . As such , I find that there are new productions , such as the incomparable The Wire , have succeeded far better in exploring through art the issues that underlie America 's ongoing urban crisis.That being said , many of the performances are still fresh , both hilarious and affecting . The trio of men -LRB- with Sweet Dick WIllie -RRB- in ongoing dialogue , the wonderful anger of Rosie Perez , and the simmering rage of Ruby Dee are worth the price of admission . Moreover , the internal dialogue that the film is designed to provoke - similar to Bertold Brecht - is as effective and relevant as ever . This is a pioneering work that is well worth viewing again . It may even become a classic.Warmly recommended .
 I watched `` Do the Right Thing '' the other night and I am still sifting through my reactions . I know that I am essentially hanging on to a real sense of disappointment in the Mookie , the chacter played by the director/producer/writer -LRB- and probably a few other things as well -RRB- Spike Lee . Lee 's acting was sufficient but the actions he took and the attitude he displayed gave me a perspective of a man doomed to a life of failure . In a movie that explored so many perspectives , it was unfortunate that failure was the ultimate message . `` Do the Right Thing '' brings to life a community -LRB- Bedford-Stuyvessant -RRB- that those of us in the boonies only read about in a negative vein . The life of this community on the hottest day of the year finds its ' own collective thermomiter reaching a combustible level . We can sense that as the day begins with optimism but gradually succumbs to various lingering anymosities . The wide range of characters of different personalities and races display their own perspectives , priorities and attitudes . Some of them are humorous , some are entertaining , some are challenging and some are disturbing but it takes all kinds . Perhaps that it the greatness of `` Do the Right Thing '' ; the wide range of perspectives that this eclectic group displays . Lee 's ability to show the positives and negatives of just about every character in the film seems to be leading us to a balanced perspective of our own . As we sense the growing tension , we get a general idea of what will likely happen . When it does , each viewer will have to decide for themselves how to react to it.My guess is that Spike Lee intends us to see that not all is right and not all is wrong and , since we live in a diverse world , the more we look for the positive , the better our own world will be . Oddly enough , his own character is the one that seems to challenge this theory . Is Mookie the catalyst of change or is he the instrument of destruction ? A movie that makes me think so hard on it 's theme ought to be given a 5 Star rating . However , the opportunity of hope was lost in the manner Lee chose to end this film . His concluding pair of quotations continued the challenge of thought and the misguided direction of choices . This is an entertaining film with good to outstanding acting that will draw you in and leave you wondering which characters DID the right thing .
 Do the right thing is amazing !!! As we all know it is the tale of race relations in America , set in Brooklyn in the Bedford-Stuyvesant community . This movie glows as it shows the racial tension that still goes on today . Lee shows that as diverse as America is , instead of diplomatically talking out our differences , we fear what we do not understand and as minorities fight ourselves , while -LRB- some -RRB- of the racist majority laugh as they like to see our downfall . It is downright dazzling that Spike Lee can show culture whether black , Italian , Chinese , and white in a fun perspective when talking about race . The day like this one has happened in communities across America racial tension and all and it is about time that somebody said documented it . This being stated a common point is often missed in the film when Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X . Who did the right thing ? They and the black characters both did . By buggin ' out boycotting Sal 's Pizzeria for selling pizza to African Americans in their community , and not acknowledging them -LRB- pictures on the wall -RRB- , he represents Martin Luther King . MLK boycotted to make a difference and when inspiring leadership he found it hard to get followers in some states -LRB- like buggin out did -RRB- . When they burned down the shop as a act of revolution for killing radio rahiem it was Malcolm X , not to say that Malcolm was violent , he was nonviolent , and peaceful man who believed in self defense , however , he said that revolution is violent and that is what happened . In the end Spike Lee communicated how a man lost his shop and another man lost his life becuase we did not , and still at times are not working together to solve our problems . Spike Lee is the last classic director we have in illustrating what America tries to hide , and challenges us to change it !!!!
 I think this is a great movie , for the simple fact that Spike Lee is the best producer that I 've seen that cares to take a real life situation and put it into play . By doing this , he is bringing non-African Americans into our life and he is allowing them to see things the way we see them . His productions are inciteful and inspirational . His other movies that I am a fan of are `` School Daze '' and `` Jungle Fever '' . `` School Daze '' is about the ongoing feud between light-skinned blacks and dark-skinned blacks at a college during the 1980 's . `` Jungle Fever '' is about interracial dating and interracial couples in the workplace in New York . `` Do the right thing '' is about the feuding between Italian-Americans and African-Americans in an urban neighborhood in Bedstuy , New York . This movie taught me a lot about ignorance and what it means exactly to be racist . I 've had a better understanding of the subject growing up after I saw this movie . Spike Lee and John Singleton are two producers that tell things just the way they are in normal life . And they should be praised for that .
 Spike Lee 's Do the Right Thing is an uncommonly intelligent film that attacks the issue of race relations by refusing to take sides and exposing the humanity that lies behind the broad brushstrokes of the term `` race . '' The film builds racial tension to a breaking point , and when the violence escalates , we 're left wondering why.The film is set in a predominantly black neighborhood in Brooklyn , where Sal -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- and his sons -LRB- John Turturro and Richard Edson -RRB- run a pizzeria , which is Sal 's pride and joy ; all he wants to do is continue to feed the people of the neighborhood . Sal 's delivery man is Mookie -LRB- Spike Lee -RRB- , whose goal is to get paid and provide for his girlfriend Tina -LRB- Rosie Perez -RRB- and their son.Mookie finds himself as the mediator between Sal and some of his clientele . On the hottest day of the year , when Mookie 's friend Buggin Out -LRB- Giancarlo Esposito -RRB- starts to yell at Sal about not having any pictures of black men on his Wall of Fame , which consists exclusively of Italian-Americans , it is Mookie 's reponsibility to get his friend out of there and calm the tension . But tensions continue to mount throughout the day when Radio Raheem -LRB- Bill Nunn -RRB- comes into Sal 's blasting Public Enemy 's `` Fight the Power '' from his signature boombox . Sal is able to win the battle in the short term , but Radio Raheem and Buggin Out get together later in the day and organize a boycott of Sal 's . When they bust into the pizzeria after closing , the situation comes to a head and boils over in violence.Do the Right Thing is filled with a great variety of characters from the neighborhood . There is Ossie Davis as Da Mayor , who everyone assumes to be a worthless drunk , but who actually knows more than he lets on . Ruby Dee plays Mother Sister , the wise sage who just wants to see the neighborhood keep its sanity and calm . And Samuel L. Jackson plays a radio personality who provides neighborhood commentary.What makes this film work so well is that it does not attempt to cast any side of the battle as good or bad . Both the blacks and whites in the movie exist in more of a grey area , where they are all doing what they feel is right , but of course , that does n't necessarily mean that everyone agrees . At the heart of the film is the struggle between sticking to your guns and standing up for what you 've always believed in , or taking a closer look and deciding that maybe what you 've always believed in may not be right.http : / / moyer.privatjokr.com /
 Spike Lee 's best film . Racism still exists and this film deals with racial tension in New York . This film should have been called ` The Difference a Day Makes ' . A lot of negative things occur within people and their views of people of other races all in a 24-hour period -LRB- 1 day -RRB- . I am amazed that after this film was made , people still have n't woke the hell up . It seems like , in most of Spike 's films , he paints White people as being gullible , mindless , clueless and rhetoric ; Black people as the tired-of-being-stepped-on , jealous & angry generation ; Asian people as the made-to-look-ridiculous type ; and Hispanics ... dunno . I see why most people do n't like Spike because in almost every movie , he has the same directorial skills , color hues -LRB- thanks to Ernest Dickerson -RRB- , and people are always arguing at eachother in his films . Most of his films are just ... a big motion picture of arguments that last for 2 + + + hours !
 Spike Lee 's `` Do The Right Thing '' is the best film about race relations ever made in America . Powerful , funny , heartbreaking , truthful and a complete visual extravaganza , this is an extraordinary film , Lee 's best . Set in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood in Brooklyn during the hottest day of the summer , the film starts as a humorous slice of life story about the people who live in this neighborhood . I do not want to reveal too much of the film because the first time viewer should experience this film on their own . I will say that as events in the film progress , it slowly builds to a shattering climax that is unforgettable . Lee has never been as assured a filmmaker as he was on this , because every element from acting to cinematography is calibrated to perfection . The fact that Criterion is producing such a nice set for this film is truly exciting .
 I am not a Spike Lee fan . It seems very rare that I find any of his movie watchable . `` Do The Right Thing '' however is filled to the brim with colorful characters and great actors . You can feel the heat sizzle in Brooklyn throughout the duration of the film . Danny Aiello is at his best as Sal , the owner of a pizza shop . Samuel L. Jackson is also top notch as the Love Daddy . At first it is filled with great drama and humor until a climatic riot at Sal 's shop explodes . But the performances and the characters never lose anything . I only wish Spike Lee would put out more movies as wonderfully done as this one .
 Spike Lee has done some great movies . -LRB- He has also done some bad movies . -RRB- This is his greatest !!! DO THE RIGHT THING is a classic morality tale about the Bedford Stuyvest -LRB- sp ? -RRB- community in Brooklyn , and the many races which inhabit it one the hottest day of the year . Spike Lee does a great job acting in the lead role of `` Mooky '' . Danny Aiello is intense as `` Sal '' the owner of the local Pizzaria . And the films best performance is Giancarlo Esposito as the angry , yet somewhat confused , black man , `` Buggaout '' -LRB- i think thats his name . it 's hard for me to make it out exactly !! -RRB- His performance was Oscar caliber , but of course this was a hip and provacative movie made by a young black man , so there was very little chance of the Oscars paying any attention to it . -LRB- By the way , what does Spike Lee have to do to win an Oscar ? Make Holocaust Documenterys ? Beside bieng looked over for DO THE RIGHT THING , he was ignored by the Academy for MALCOLM X , which was brilliant , and one of the best movies of 1992 !! And how come Denzel did n't win best Actor ? He was incredible !! And his documentery THREE LITTLE GIRLS was considered by critics and many audiences to be the best documentery of 1997 year , but again he lost to , you guessed it , a Holocaust documentery . Not that the Holocaust is gettin ' old , because it is a very serious subject that should alwasys be recognized , but COME ON !! And no , I am not black , i 'm very white . -RRB- Anyway , this is a tremendously brilliant movie , and I highly recomend it !!
 This is one fantastic film . Spike Lee 's best film . I am an Italian American and I agree with Spikes version of the relationship between blacks and italians . This film should viewed by all and should be used in schools as a learning tool . I highly recommened this film ... buy the DVD as the VHS copy was grainy and weak ... even on VHS this film was a treat !
 Spike Lee 's ` Do the Right Thing ' is an excellent , hard hitting film about race relations in a predominantly black section of Brooklyn on a hot summer day . Lee himself plays Mookie , an underachieving pizza delivery boy who works at Sal 's pizzeria . Tensions begin to flare when one customer notices that there are no African-Americans on the wall . A series of incidents and misunderstandings will lead to tragic consequences by the end of the day.Lee certainly seems to know this neighborhood . He establishes an interesting set of characters and the tensions that exist between them . There is the alcoholic bum , the appropriately named Radio Raheem , the Korean family who own a convenience store , the decent but hot tempered pizzeria owner Sal , and his two sons ; one prejudiced , one not . There is a long tracking shot of the police cruising the neighborhood where we see the mutual distrust existing between them and the black residents . We also see the tension between the residents and the Korean couple . The whole community seems to be on edge just waiting to explode.The climax of the film is quite shocking as well as thought provoking . It 's as if Spike Lee anticipated the Rodney King beating three years before it happened . It leaves one wondering , did Mookie and the crowd do the right thing ? Radio should n't have attacked Sal , but Sal should n't have smashed Radio 's radio , even if it was disruptive . The police should not have killed Radio , but were Mookie and the crowd right to torch Sal 's pizzeria ? In the end , Lee is fair and evenhanded towards everyone and leaves it up to the viewer to decide.On a side note , watching this film I could n't help but think that half of America 's race relations problems could be solved simply by learning some basic manners . If the words ` please ' and ` thank you ' had been used more often , and the characters stopped shouting at one another , and the F-word not used to punctuate every sentence , then this story might have had a different ending . Americans could learn a few things from their neighbors up North .
 I have to admit that this film did not really `` speak to me '' as much as I thought it might ... I had been hearing about it for years and how wonderful it was , so when I saw it I did n't think it was as fantastic as everyone else had said it was . However , DTRT is indeed a very , very powerful movie that is also beautifully directed -LRB- in fact , I may have liked Spike Lee 's direction more than the story of the film itself -RRB- . Set on the hottest day of the summer , the film has a very definite atmosphere -- in addition to the heat wave , Lee mounts the tension in the neighborhood to a fever pitch until finally it explodes in the final twenty minutes of the film . And , if you do n't get anything out of this movie , it should at least inspire ample discussion . The film examines race relations from a variety of points of view , so most everyone can `` identify '' with the opinions of one of the characters if not the character himself . Also , each character is morally ambiguous and , as in life , none are perfect -- making it all the more difficult and interesting when trying to sort out one 's opinions about the film . -LSB- Spoiler Warning . -RSB- For example , I completely looked up to Sal as a wonderful , nice , great guy , but he probably should not have smashed Radio Raheen 's boom box . But then again , Radio Raheen should not have walked into Sal 's pizzeria with his boom box blaring -LRB- I do n't care if he is Radio Raheen or not , it 's Sal 's business and he should be able to enforce the rules of his establishment -RRB- . And while the police were right to take action , they were certainly not right to have used such force as to have killed Radio . And while Mookie had the right to be upset over Radio 's death , he had not right to throw the trash can into Sal 's pizzeria . -LRB- Why , why , why did he do this ? Sal just finished telling Mookie that he would be like a son to him . Also , Sal himself had NOTHING to do with Radio 's death in the first place , and as a result of Mookie 's action the pizzeria was completely demolished . -RRB- So , as you can see , no one character in this film is right or wrong ... it 's up to us to make up our own minds about the situations . And just as the heat is used to symbolize the festering racial tensions in the neighborhood , Mister Senor Love Daddy is right when he says at the end of the film something to the effect of `` it 's getting even hotter today '' -- in other words , race relations are no better or worse today than they were years ago , and the only thing we can really do about them is the right one .
 This is the best movie I own feature wise it contain 's a commentery from spike lee and crew and the movie in a great new transfer , if you have bought criterion in the past and have been dissapointed in the quality of the transfer , I own only this and silence of the lamb 's so i dont know waht other are like but next to silence of the lamb 's which I was disapointed in this is great . But that is only the begining you get a second disc full of feature 's such as canne 's film premire with reporter 's question 's for spike and the cast , story board 's of the riot sequence although my dvd does not have a comparsion as sated here , plus rehersal footage and a hour documentry of spike revisting the film location . Regardless of your feeling on spike lee and even this movie it is still a must for any true film lover or someone intreased in pursueing a edcaution in film . If you have kid 's in collage majoring in film buy them this and let them see what a real filmaker can do with ambtion and talent and very little money .
 While Spike Lee comes off as a real jerk during interviews Do the Right Thing is a gritty and fair depiction of race relations in New York and explores the complexities between ethnic groups beyond simply black and white . I have seen other Spike Lee movies since Do the Right Thing and none have come close to the subtlety and impact that this movie has .
 A pastiche of humor , rage and a political message ; unfliching and searing in its content . Shares the stage with Raging Bull as being one of the greatest films of the past twenty years .
 This is a great filmmaking feat with a reprehensible message . Taking place in a fantasy low socio-economic neighborhood that Lee has created -LRB- there are no drugs and no crime . What is this ? A Twilight Zone episode ? -RRB- , he creates a brilliant piece of editing , direction , camera angles and narrative that is one of the most dynamic films ever made and then , unfortunately , uses it all to sell a sickening message
 THIS MOVIE TAKES PLACE IN BEDFORD STUYVESANT IN BROOKLYN -LRB- WHICH IS A PLACE NO ONE WANTS TO BE -RRB- AND ACTUALLY BEDFORD STUYVESANT IS LIKE 40 MIN AWAY FROM MY HOUSE -LRB- I DONT LIVE ANYWHERE AROUND THERE THANK GOD -RRB- BUT ANYWAY BACK TO THE MOVIE . THE MOVIE WAS DIRECTED BY SPIKE LEE AND HE DID A REAL GOOD JOB AT IT . THE STORY IS ABOUT THE PREJUDICE AROUND BACK THEN.ALSO MARTIN LAWRENCE AND SAMUEL L JACKSON ARE IN THE MOVIE.IT SHOWS THE PREJUDICE IN THIS PLACE CALLED SALS FAMOUS PIZZA WHERE THE OWNER HAS PICTURES OF ALL WHITE FAMOUS PEOPLE AND HE HATES RAP MUSIC.AND ALSO HE HAS SPIKE LEE WORKING FOR HIM BUT THEN AT THE END SPIKE LEE TURNS HIS BACK ON HIM ANDWELL IM NOT GOING TO SAY CUS YOU GOT TA SEE THE MOVIE YOURSELF . BUT TO ME ITS A REALLY GOOD MOVIE
 The best thing about Spike Lee 's films is that he expresses his thoughts very directly , and yet without giving in to the temptations of including easy effects like explicit violence . ` Do The Right Thing ' is basicly about stupidity . Stupidity that leads to intolerance . Stupidity that escalates because of ... stupidity.A very honest film about reciprocal racism , and therefore one of the better on the subject!A straight-forward Spike Lee Joint .
 Spike Lee came through big time in this classic.An interesting look at Brooklyn back in the day.Can ' t we all just get along ?
 I am avid collector of Blu-rays and dvds . I have been looking for this on blu-ray for a while . I love this movie back in the day and enjoy it even more now . All of Spike 's movie need to be upgraded to blu-ray .
 I think this film is a true narrative on race relations in this country to this day . It illustrates exactly what perceptions can do to cloud one 's reality about a person , group or situation . It demonstrates the importance of oopen communication .
 This movie uses so many unconventional techniques . It is brash and brazen , unafraid to show , rather than tell . Spike Lee portrays life in Bed-Stuy , Brooklyn as though it is some sort of surrealist painting brought to life , with caricatures that spring to life and show more complexity that you could imagine.Rosie Perez 's boobs are great , too .
 When this movie arrived in 1989 , it was as if America had been slapped across the face by a small , african american who shouted &#34; I AM SPIKE LEE !!! LISTEN TO ME !! NOW !!!! &#34; I will not sit here and tell you what this movie means to me or what it should mean to you . I 've earned that it is a different experience that yields a different message to each person that sees it . I will tell you that it is a masterpiece that was robbed of Oscar consideration because I do not think America was ready or awake enough to accept this at the time . While some of the contenders for Best Picture are very good , none stand the test of time like Do the Right Thing - Not the winner &#34; Driving Miss Daisy &#34; or the runners up &#34; Born of the 4th of July &#34; , &#34; Dead Poets Society &#34; , &#34; Field of Dreams &#34; or &#34; My Left Foot &#34; . There are other movies from that year that are classics that are better than most of the Best Picture nominees , like Woody Allen 's masterpiece &#34; Crimes and Misdemeanors &#34; , the animated movie that turned Disney animated features in a new direction &#34; The Little Mermaid &#34; , one of the finest civil war movies ever made &#34; Glory &#34; , a classic scifi from James Cameron &#34; The Abyss &#34; , a brilliant Italian movie &#34; Cinema Paridiso &#34; , the classic RomCom of all-time &#34; When Harry Met Sally &#34; and two very well made chick flicks &#34; Steel Magnolias &#34; and &#34; Parenthood &#34; - - - the bottom line was that 1989 was a classic year for movies , right up there with 1939 and 1962 . As a result , &#34; Do the RIght Thing &#34; got lost in the shuffle and was not appreciated for the masterpiece that it was and still is.If you have not seen this movie , clear time on your calendar to buy/rent this movie and prepare to have a raw nerve tweaked .
 one of the greatest films ever , Spike Lee is a fine film maker . The cast was incredible . The price was where it needed to be
 This video collection , as everything that the interested movie buff would enjoy . Spike Lee has put together a multi layered story that is controversial and relevant for its time . The print is high quality and the extras enjoyable . A must for any collection .
 It was a great movie to watch with my honey . it was poignant and started a conversation as to what has really changed since 1985 with racial bias and stereotypes . I would recommend it to everyone .
 One of my favorite movies of all time . Visually stunning and smart . This is Spike Lee 's best film . Mookie is immortal .
 In only his third film , Spike Lee created a classic that is both socially relevant and artistically accomplished . By focusing the actions at one location in one day , this film reminds us that race relation can not be improved if we do n't improve the way each one of us interacts with everyone else . The film 's finale is notable for its echos of real events that occurred not long before the film was made , and its prescience of events to follow . It is an unforgettable movie scene that shows how intolerance can victimize everyone . Nevertheless , the apocalyptic vision of the final scene did not sit well with some critics . Is it a call to end violence or to start violence , they asked . In the film Lee seems to say there are no easy answers.Somewhat overlooked is the fact that the film also makes keen observations of lives of American black underclass , especially in the portrayals of the `` cornermen '' . Their exchanges are as amusing as they are trenchant in commenting the state of affairs of lower-class blacks . And through them , Lee takes the uncompromising position that sometimes the underprivileged can also be victims of their own mentalities.Also , Lee subtlely shows the many faces of racial intolerance . While Sal 's son Pino overtly hates blacks , and Buggin ' Out is overtly intolerant of whites , but is the attitude of Sal himself really conducive towards racial harmony ? Does he have a desire to get to know his neighbors , or does he simply want to `` have no trouble with these people '' , as he puts it ? By leaving this aspect ambiguous , Lee makes us think just what IS the right thing to do ... Despite all the criticisms against him , I believe Lee tackled the difficult subject as intelligently as any director could have done.The Criterion DVD contains most of the supplements in the Criterion laserdisc released in 1995 -- audio commentaries , cast meetings and screen tests , ` Making Of ' documentary . New supplements include Lee 's press conference at the '89 Cannes festival , video interview with editor Barry Brown , `` Fight the Power '' music video , and a video segment showing the filmmakers re-visiting the Bed-Stuy neighborhood.The DVD 's video quality is characterized by deep , rich , saturated colors which cinamatographer Ernst Dickerson so brilliantly captured in order to create a feeling of overwhelming heat -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- . There is a Dolby Digital 2.0 audio track -LRB- Prologic-decodable to surround -RRB- , and a PCM stereo track that actually sounds brighter and crisper than the DD track .
 Spike Lee 's 1989 film Do The Right Thing is among a handful of films that rise above the level of actual entertainment . It is thought-provoking , educational study of race relations . The film takes place during one extremely hot day in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn . The neighborhood is predominately black , but the film centers around a pizzeria owned by Sal -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- who is white . All of Sal 's customers are the black , but on his wall he has pictures of white film and music stars . This is a source of irritation to some customers , especially the radically minded Buggin ' Out -LRB- Giancarlo Esposito -RRB- . But Sal refuses to change and he goes about his business . Sal 's two sons , Pino -LRB- John Turturro -RRB- and Vito -LRB- Richard Edson -RRB- also work at the pizzeria as does Mookie -LRB- Mr. Lee -RRB- who is Sal 's delivery boy . Pino is highly bigoted and is n't afraid to let his opinions be know , while Vito is more sensitive and adverse to confrontation . Real life husband and wife Ossie Davis & Ruby Dee appear as the neighborhood elders , Da Mayor & Mother Sister who are constantly trading humorous barbs at one another while dispensing advice to the locals . Other interesting characters such as Radio Raheem , Sweet Dick Willie & DJ Mister Senor Love Daddy are featured throughout the film . Mr. Lee does a brilliant job of conveying the extreme heat that has overtaken the neighborhood . You can almost feel the heat while watching the film . Tensions also slowly rise through the film until the climatic riot scene where Sal 's pizzeria is burned down , started by Mookie throwing a garbage can through the window . This is particularly devastating to Sal as he genuinely cared for Mookie and ca n't believe Mookie would do this to him . Mr. Lee 's message in the film is that one does n't know exactly what the right thing is . He illustrates this by the messages of Martin Luther King , Jr. and Malcolm X. Dr. King was for a peaceful solution to racism while Malcolm X said to fight for equality by any means necessary . Is passively sitting back right or is violence right ? Mr. Lee never answers the question , which is exactly his point . Do The Right Thing was shunned at the 1989 Academy Awards garnering only a nomination for Mr. Aiello -LRB- which was richly deserved -RRB- in the Best Supporting Actor category . Ironically the film that won Best Picture was Driving Miss Daisy which was the stereotypical Hollywood portrayal of blacks as subservient workers and the type of film that Mr. Lee 's pictures were the antithesis of . All in all , Do The Right Thing is a brilliant movie and one that deserves all the accolades that it received .
 `` Do the Right Thing '' chronicles a scorching hot summer day in the predominantly black Bedford Stuyvesant neighborhood . We are quickly introduced to a variety of colorful characters , from Da Mayor , a neighborhood drunk who 's always neatly dressed in a white suit -LRB- Ossie Davis -RRB- to Smiley , a mentally disabled man who sells pictures of Martin Luther King and Malcolm X , to Radio Raheem -LRB- Bill Dunn -RRB- , a young man whose prized possession is a boombox so enormous you wonder how he even carries the thing around without his arms falling off . The action centers around Sal 's Famous Pizzeria . Sal -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- owns the joint with his sons . Vito -LRB- Richard Edson -RRB- is a racist and bully , and Pino -LRB- John Turturro -RRB- is a white `` brother '' type . Mookie -LRB- Spike Lee -RRB- is the delivery boy , who slacks off and just `` wants to get paid . '' Sal is gruff and no-nonsense , but he tolerates Mookie 's lateness and also has a crush on Mookie 's sister Jade -LRB- Joie Lee -RRB- . On this hot summer day , Buggin Out -LRB- Giancarlo Esposito -RRB- notices that the pictures that line Sal 's Famous are all Italian Americans . He demands that Sal put some pictures of African American celebrities on the wall . Sal tactlessly refuses , and Buggin ' Out starts a boycott . On the same front , Radio Rakeem is offended at the brusque way Sal demands him to turn off his beloved boombox . Buggin ' Out and Radio Raheem meet up to commiserate . At first the boycott is regarded as a joke around the nabe , but the situation escalates towards a tragic climax.When the movie came out , many critics and politicians did some hand-wringing that the movie would incite violence . But `` Do the Right Thing '' , seen in context almost 16 years later , is a remarkably intelligent , balanced view of race relations . This year 's Academy Award nominated `` Crash '' is also about race relations , but it does so with about 1000 times less subtety and humor . Do the Right Thing , despite its tragic conclusion , has a lot of wit and humor . It 's truly a slice of life , with not a false note in the entire cast . Lee documents the sense of community in this poor Brooklyn neighborhood , but also its problems -- unemployment , drug use , drunkeness , absentee fathers . Mookie for one has a son with his Puerto Rican girlfriend -LRB- Rosie Perez -RRB- , who complains that he 's never around . There are lots of one liners . One response to Buggin ' Out 's boycott campaign
 I remember a female friend of mine telling me she watched this film , and at the end stood up crying and yelling , `` stop fighting ! '' This movie provokes you in that way . That Spike Lee managed to get these severe reactions from his actors - even the ones opposed to him onscreen - is brilliant . I doubt anybody in the cast completely agreed with his final product , but that is what makes this movie so moving . I wish other directors/producers would have the guts to tackle any subject as faithfully as Lee has here . I have followed John Turturro 's career since `` Do the Right Thing '' , and I 'm barely able after all this time to forgive him for some of the things he says in this movie . Yes , it 's only a movie . And Spike Lee is only a genius . To my friend who shouted in the theater , I can only say I wish this movie did n't have to be made .
 In all likelihood Spike Lee 's most important achievement - as director , writer and actor -LRB- though to my taste Mo ' Better Blues is just as good a picture -RRB- and one of the strongest films you 'll see about race relations , ` Do The Right Thing ' looks dated at times , but it lost none of its impact and relevance . The movie takes place in a particularly hot day in a primarily African-American neighborhood in Brooklyn , and follows the various personalities who live there throughout the day ; the center of the story is Sal 's Famous Pizzeria - its owners , some of the few white people living in the neighborhood
 The first time I 've seen Spike Lee 's `` Do the Right Thing '' was at the theater and the movie refused to leave my mind for about several weeks . It just kept replaying itself constantly in my mind of the events and the turn a bouts of the story . The writing is so sharp and the movie is hilarious as well as the only movie to make Roger Ebert cry.Deceptively open and simple in its presentation , this is one of the most complex and layered movies about human relationships that I have ever seen during that time . This movie is every bit as compound as its subject matter . I disagree with those who characterize the film as `` preachy . '' Quite to the contrary , I think the genius of the film is precisely in the fact that Spike does not tell the viewer what to think - he just compels you to think.Spike spends most of the movie setting up his characters and their situations , some are comedic , some are dramatic , and some are both . The acting is naturally great , with John Turturro , Danny Aiello , and Spike himself standing out as the best played and most interesting characters . The movie looks very much `` of the 80 's '' as far as fashion and things like that go but that does n't take any power away from the movie . But the biggest question people seem to have after they have watched this movie is about doing the right thing and whether or not Mookie did it . Spike always only says that he 's never been asked that question by a person of color . However my feeling on the matter is this
 This movie is largely an angry , outrageous film . But it is also a beautiful and enlightening one . DO THE RIGHT THING garnered Spike Lee , writer , director , and star of the film , both praise and criticism . But what you must remember , those who either praise it or look down upon it , is that DO THE RIGHT THING could n't be further from the truth.DO THE RIGHT THING was an introduction to Lee 's brazen and bold style of filmmaking . He had a part in every aspect
 I 've only barely scratched the surface of this double disc DVD and feel compelled to brag about it already . Good DVDs should always contain this much material and should take several days/weeks to get through.The movie itself is brilliant . Other reviewers have emphasized that already -LRB- and better than I could anyway -RRB- . But a film like this one is so incredibly enhanced when intelligent , entertaining supplimental material is provided . Criterion and Spike Lee have compiled some of the best extras I have seen in a DVD package so far.In a behind the scenes montage , Spike -LRB- and his brother -RRB- filmed a large portion of interviews and read-throughs with the cast members . We are able to see these actors question Spike about the script to understand their characters better . We see them interacting -LRB- sometimes awkwardly -RRB- with each other , attempting to establish comradery . And , as Spike clarifies things to the cast , we the audience receive clarity as well.Of special note is the transformation of Rosie Perez . Her `` character development '' -LRB- that of herself , not of her film character -RRB- is amazing . When the interviews begin , she seems to be a detached outsider , frustrated by the others who might not have experienced the Bed-Stuy neighborhood as authentically as she did . When the featurette ends , she is close to tears , reminiscing on how much she will miss everyone . Seldom are we able to look into the lives of the actual actors as intimately as Spike has allowed us to do here.I am highly anticipating the release of Lee 's BAMBOOZLED on DVD , as well . I expect the extras -LRB- though not as much will be included as is found on DTRT -RRB- to be quite enlightening . That film , like this one , begs for further discussion and interaction .
 It 's the hottest day of the summer and racial tensions run deep in the Bed-Stuy section of Brooklyn , New York . This is the backdrop for Spike Lee 's controversial 1989 film , `` Do The Right Thing '' . Many critics and movie-goers were quick to blast this film for being what they perceived to be a `` racist '' movie . Most people who say this have probably only seen the movie once and were so quick to complain about its tension-filled ending . `` Right Thing '' stars writer-director Lee as Mookie , a somewhat lazy pizza delivery boy who works at the local pizzeria run by Sal and his Italian-American sons . Through Mookie 's many trips through the neighborhood , we get acquainted with some of the other `` characters '' such as the block 's `` wise man '' -LRB- or `` town drunk '' , depending on how you perceive him -RRB- , `` Da Mayor '' -LRB- Ossie Davis -RRB- . We also get introduced to the trouble-making Buggin ' It Out who is intent on boycotting Sal 's Famous until they `` put some brothas on the wall '' . Then , there 's Radio Raheem , whose boombox blasts Public Enemy 's `` Fight The Power '' loudly through out the movie . He does n't speak much as the music seems to be his outlet of expression . It also happens to get him in a lot of trouble as the movie progresses.Lee 's treatmant of certain characters in `` Right Thing '' is questionable at times . He seems to feel strongly that many of the white characters in this New York neighborhood would root for Boston sports teams because their top players are also white . At times , Danny Aiello 's Sal seems sympathetic and kind while in the end , he is more or less portrayed as a `` closet racist '' . This might be why some of us are so fast to make observations about the film 's racial biases but I 've never felt that `` Do The Right Thing '' has ever been about who is right and who is wrong . In the end , everyone loses out because rather than go about handling certain small problems by compromising , people choose to argue over who is `` doing the right thing '' and who is n't . In the end , people are hurt and killed , property is destroyed , and all that seems to remain is animosity.While I may argue with the way that Spike wrote certain characters , this is `` his '' movie . Would the ending situation have been any different if he had re-wrote them ? Probably not . So many of its critics fail to see the big picture with `` Do The Right Thing '' . It is n't about whether Sal was right or whether Mookie was right or Buggin ' It Out . The original problem was so small , so minor , and each of the characters allowed it to balloon into a big one . Even the less important characters contributed to the problem by instigating it further . The only character who seemed to understand what was going on was Samuel L. Jackson 's almost narrator-like radio DJ , Senor Love Daddy . He understands it , he sees the tension esculating , and he is telling everyone to relax but it 's too late . `` And that 's the triple truth , Ruth '' .
 This movie goes beyond bigotry beyond dissatisifed human interaction.As Mookie sits with his head in his hands at the end of the movie wondering what he has brought upon his own community , his own people , you know that this movie will fool only the people who refuse or are unable to look deeper in what troubles our world.Lee 's admission that blacks are the ones not opening the stores in the community , causing the trouble in the Italian owned pizza parlor , is the focal point of this minor masterpiece.He allows both sides of the story to be told and at least in the movie doesnt apologize for that.And I only say `` minor '' masterpiece as to not confuse that observation with his masterpiece of movie making , Malcolm X.When first viewing the movie you 'll take sides but of course.If you side with the black pov you 'll cheer Radio Racheem and his militant style.And if you take the white pov you 'll know the pizza guys are in the right.BUT !!! , if you value honesty above prejudice you 'll have a meeting of -LRB- your -RRB- mind -LRB- s -RRB- and KNOW what and where the truth lies.No matter that Mr. Lee might have to play the race game when circulating throughout life/the streets , his thought is forever on celluoid/dvd and cant be changed or re/mis interpeted.Do the Right Thing ... indeed mo fo !!!!
 I remember not saying a word for at least fifteen minutes after watching this film . . It was one the most powerful films I 've ever seen and makes the viewer reach inside his/herself and examine their attitude toward racism ...
 I still remember coming out of the movie theatre crying after seeing this film . Spike Lee is one of the most thought provoking writer/directors of his time and this film proves it.Using the hottest day in Bed-Sty as the backdrop for escalating racial tensions was genius . Watching the film , one never knows why on this particular day Buggin Out became enraged about the fact that there were no pictures of African Americans on the pizzaria 's wall of fame but then , one does n't have to . The message in the film was & is to this day that racial unrest/tensions simmer just below the surface in situations , neighborhoods , and work and ANYTHING at any time came cause those passions to escalate into an out of control situation.The title Do The Right Thing encourages each viewer to ask him/herself exactly what the right thing is . The character of Mookie was not there to show that his actions were the `` right thing '' only how one young man reacted in a given situation.I still remember reviewers advising strong police turnouts at theatres showing this film stating that `` the natives '' might riot due to the nature of the film - patented to keep the white people scared and away from the film . Thankfully it did n't work and hopefully people who view this movie do so with open minds - it 's a great commentary on race relations because quite frankly , a lot of us live in neighborhoods just like this one .
 Do the Right Thing was a huge source of controversy when it was released in the late 1980s . Quite a few critics and pundits slammed the movie and it 's director Spike Lee and predicted the film would encourage people to riot . Almost 15 years later , such criticism proved to be unwarranted although Lee still seems understandably annoyed by the hysteria that some of the writers projected.The film takes place on the hottest day of the year in Brooklyn and what starts off as a typical Saturday in the neighborhood . As the temperature rises so do tensions among the different ethnic groups until it ends with the fatal flare of tempers . What 's so interesting about the film and it 's critics is that most who took issue with it complained because a piece of property was defaced . None of these critics mentioned the loss of a human life.To his credit , Lee , who can be overly didatic and uneven in many of his movies , hit all of the points here . He takes on everyone ... Blacks , Whites , Hispanics , and Asians . Every group has a chance to be a jerk . Mookie , the protagonist played by Lee , is not a perfect character and everyone is shown as having a flaw.The features on this DVD are fascinating . We get to see the cast assemble for the first time and introduce themselves . Check out the young and relatively inexperienced Rosie Perez making her acting debut . Also look for the late Robin Harris , a real comedic talent who passed away shortly after this film was released . The segment on how filming affected the neighborhood was also interesting . Too bad they did n't go back for an update on the residents a decade later . It would have been good to get their perspective.The message of the Do The Right Thing , if you 're really paying attention , still holds true today .
 Spike Lee brought race relations front and center with his first commercial success . The soundtrack from Public Enemy gives the movie its fire . The performances of Danny Aiello , John Turturo , Rosie Perez and many others gives the movie its power . This movie should have been given more praise by the Oscar community . It 's a shame that Aiello was the only nominee . It was clearly the best movie of the 1989 . Unfortunately , Hollywood has a beef with movies that are made in New York .
 The best film of 1989 , and far and away the best film ever made on the subject of how people of different races relate to one another in the United States . Alternately funny , tragic , smart , and wildly instinctive , it 's also Spike Lee 's best movie -LRB- narrowly beating out `` Malcolm X , '' another masterpiece -RRB- . Based on the list of features , it looks like one more feather in Criterion 's cap ; it 'll be on my pre-order list shortly after I complete this review . Bottom line , it should be required viewing for every single American .
 Another Spike Lee !! Looks Awesome in Blu-ray sounds Great in surround sound too ! You Ca n't go wrong if you 're a fan of spike lee !
 `` Do The Right Thing '' is the greatest , most important film in the history of American cinema . It is better than `` Citizen Kane '' and even better than `` The Godfather '' films . Roger Ebert called it `` a perfect film '' . At the Oscar ceremony , when `` D.T.R.T. '' was NOT nominated for Best Picture , the presenter briefly criticized the Academy voters for not recognizing the film that told the biggest truth , the truth about the disease called racism . And this is in ADDITION to the visual beauty and power of the film , the humor , the music , and , of course , Ruby and Ossie . There is no more `` American '' film than this .
 This was a well done film . It shows how racism can get out of hand . Some white people might not like this movie because nobody wants to see there race acting racist on screen . Not all white are racist and this movie can be seen both ways . The riot scene was the crazist scene in the movie , kind of like the 1965 watts riot . It 's a powerful movie but you have to watch it and not get offended .
 Spike Lee 's 1989 classic , `` Do The Right Thing '' is iconic.It 's just iconic to late '80s / early '90s post-soul Black popularculture just as `` The Cosby Show '' , `` A Different World '' , New Jack Swing , De La Soul , NWA , `` In Living Color '' , etc. , etc.It 's iconic to modern Black film making and it 's just as iconicto mainstream film.Period . `` Do The Right Thing '' is a thoughtful , energetic summer flick that deals with race relations head first in Brooklyn , NY , NY.Ending witha powerful -LRB- and iconic -RRB- riot sequence in which a young brother -LRB- Radio Raheem -RRB- is murdered by the cops and a longtime pizzashop-owned by racist Italians-is burned to the ground.It 's a great metaphor for the state of hardcore-racism in the late '80s urban enviroment . -LRB- Remember this film was made at the time of the policeslaying of the young Black artist Micheal Stewart ; ten years lateranother unarmed Black New Yorker Amadou Diallo was murdered by the cops -RRB- . We all know the film ... but this edition of `` D.T.R.T. '' has a secondDVD -LRB- part of this DVD 's ` Criterion Collection ' edition -RRB- that is just as worthy as the film itself.Featuring special material as Spike Lee introducing some of the material -LRB- to his meaningful last words -RRB- and an hour-long documentary on the making-of of the film to the actual 1989 CannesFestival press conference to the actual television ads for the movie.But wait , that 's not all ... There 's a special chapter devoted to showing the riot sequenceand lots of behind the scences footage.And of-course there is theLee-directed video for Public Enemy 's unforgettable `` Fight The Power '' - 'D . T.R.T. 's theme song-in which you feel the same energy and feeling as cleary as you did in 1989 . If you were touched by `` Do The Right Thing '' thirteen years ago , you should defintly get this DVD.It 's worth the money .
 Spike Lee once again brings reality about goes on in the streets of New York . But then again , the story of Do the Right Things can be told on any street , in a city and every state . Also there are a lot of young girls like Rosie Perez 's character who has to deal with being a single mother and with boyfriend only busy looking out for himself .
 he 's so earnest and unthreatening and funny . there will never be another movie like this . it is heart warming and scary and deals with racism in a way that a movie studio would n't have the guts to . this is one of the most important films in cinematic history . so many people i know say they hate it and hate spike lee , but then i find out that they never saw it or any spike lee movie . i do n't know why people dislike him so much . if you 've never seen a spike lee movie , start here .
 In this film Spike Lee once again proves he is one of the top 5 directors/writers in cinema history . `` Do the Right Thing '' portrays many problems in the black community . The main one in this film is when a small ethinc group happens to control all busniess in a black community . Such as characters like Sal -LRB- Italian -RRB- the pizza store owner , and the Korean family who owned the convienent store . Since the 1940 's you would have an all black community such as Harlem runned by ethnic groups such as Jews . In response to the Latino reviewer who labled Buggin ' Out and Radio Raheem as violent , trouble-making instigators , that remark is from but one perspective . On one hand it was indeed Sal 's business , and he could do whatever he wanted to do with it . But at the same time his business is in a black community . It is black people , rather Afro-Americans that keeps his business running . It is rather an embarresment to only see pictures of a different ethinc group in the place that you choose to dine in . In the end it shows all of the chaos that occured could have been evoided if he had hung but one picture of a black figure . And this review is coming from a young brotha . Overall this is a must see film . An absolute classic . Also check other great films that has to do with many issues in the black community such as
 Being not born and raised in America , I 'm interested a lot in finding about the typical taboos like ` black neighborhood ' -LRB- and recently , Jane Fonda :-RRB- -RRB- and I immensely enjoyed _ Boys 'n the hood _ . That was my intro to Spike Lee . _ Do the right thing _ is definitely a worth watching experience . I 've rarely seen such a grip on a story that 's not a typical ` story ' . < Some Spoilers from here onwards > Its the depiction of one really hot day from the life of 20 + black people living in NY City -LRB- Brooklyn -RRB- and of an Italian Pizzeria owner working there for 25 years along with his two sons . It shows the struggles of different people at different levels , shows the priorities of people , shows the aimlessness in some and determination in others , shows the hatred in some and love and tolerance in others ... By the end of the movie , one feels attached to several characters and it feels like we 've known them for years . I 've seldom seen such a well knitted presentation of ... practically nothing . A very descent cast of actors -LRB- Danny Aiello , Ossie Davis , Ruby Dee , John Turturro , Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- that played the parts to near perfection . Spike Lee himself played the main part but I think if a legit actor like Denzel Washington or Cuba Gooding Junior was cast in that role , it would 've put a lot more emotion and feelings in the lead character . Despite that , it 's still a social tornado and a good lesson for the students of American culture.Watch for the pretty extreme language and racial slurs . It 's definitely not for young audience although the message it conveys is worth while to be taught to our kids ... tolerance and racial respect for others .
 The eye opener of the year ... I loved it . Excellent story line and a must see movie by mature audiences only . Very compelling !
 Ah , Spike Lee 's '' Do The Right Thing '' made in 1989 is one of the most controversial ever made , it brought bough negative and critical acclaim for Spike Lee , it wasprobably his best movie during his rise to fame . He had just done '' She 's gottahave it '' which was basically a hormonal sex based movie and '' School Daze '' , not necessary Oscar material so Spike got serious and gave us his best effort to date . He has since gone a spiral delivering some good hits and some misses but Spike whether the film is bad or not , is one director that I can say no matter what strikes a chord with you after watching one of his film -LRB- with the exception of the first 2 -RRB- . '' Do the Right Thing '' was made during the long hot summer of 1988 , shot on location in the bed sluy slums of Brooklyn New York . The special 2 disc dvd of the film revealed several details of the film which I found interesting , though not surprising which I will explain but first the plot.Plot : Well this is a film about racism plain and simple , however the debate seems to be which party in the film is right and which party is wrong.Danny Aieloo plays Sal owner of Sal 's Pizzaria in NY . Sal is a very proud Italian American who has had his business for over 25 yrs years with his sons Pino -LRB- John Turturo -RRB- and ML -LRB- Paul Benjamin -RRB- . Sal is an oldfashioned , hard working man who makes his living of his pizzas . He does have some views , he views Italian American 's as the best people around around . His son on the other hand Pino -LRB- John Turturo -RRB- can be called a racist , he views black people as '' monkey '' and '' apes '' and hatesthe sight of one . His brother ML on the other hand is very tolerant of the people around him.Sal has a worker named '' Mookie '' -LRB- Spike Lee -RRB- a somewhat deadbeat father with a loudmouth Puerto Rican girlfriend -LRB- Rosie Perez -RRB- . In fact his girlfriend does n't seemthat fond of Mookie . Mookie as it turns out like Pino has some racist views of his son , he does n't particulary like white folks and when he brings in his black friends Radio Raseem -LRB- Bill Nun -RRB- and CoconuT sID -LRB- Frankie Faison -RRB- to stir up trouble in Sal ` spizzarria well sooner a clash of cultures will erupt in violence . However the debate is which side is right and is this really a movie about race or a movie where one race tries to impose their culture on someone else 's ideals?For instance , Sal -LRB- Aiello -RRB- does not invite Mookie 's friends to the Pizzarria . He dislikes them very much . Mookie 's friends equally dislike Sal because for one , he does n't put black people on his walls , but then the questions arises . If Mookie 's friends dont like Sal , why do they come to eat pizza there ? Why do they time and time again impose their black culture on him ? You can very much make the argument the black characters although they are trying to make out Sal as this monster racist , actually come to be the racists themselves . Sal himself almost throughout the whole movie displays no violence . He yells at these guys and tells them to leave but it never reaches an an extreme the Mookie character who by the end purposedly starts a riot . In fact there is one great where Sal tells the group that this is his place and if they do n't like it they can go somehwere else , but they never do . By that alone Sal , has acted in the most nonviolent way possible and still standing up for himself and his ideals.Before that , we see more of this bigoted racists attitude but not on Sal , but on Korean characters in the movie . During one point , a couple of black unemployed old men , start pointing several of the neighborhood Korean shops and immediately start throwing obscenities about the Korean people working in them.They never once consider the situation from the point of the Koreans , the shop is their only livelihood , but as far these racist black men go , the Koreans are taking the jobs away . It 's a very stupid and racist attitude to have , even Sal 's attitude never reaches that extreme.Going back to near the end movie it 's the black characters who become the aggesor such as when Radio Raseem invades Sal 's pizzarria and turns his radio on loudly inside the man 's shop , not only is it disrespectful , when Sal himself has said not to do it , but it 's an act of aggresion , it 's an antagonizing to bait other people to do the same thing and bring on harm to Sal 's pizzaria.So you can see although Spike Lee tries to make this film about race and race culture , he does n't do a great job in that end because one side ultimately looks worse than the other . His message of trying to create an atmosphere where both blacks and whites are at fault for the disintegrating situation fall fault.Still '' Do The Right Thing '' as flawed and misguided as it is , does bring up this topic of race relation and the wrong way of trying to reconcile a bad situation in that regard , the movie should actually be called '' Doing the Wrong Thing '' . The 2 disc dvd I saw were great providing a great variety of info on the movie such as the 60 minute documentary on the making of the film which is very intriguing . The audio commentary by Spike Lee is there too as is a '' Look Back '' 10 yrs at the events of the film , how it has somewhat affected peoples views . Overall the DVDs for thefilm were great , including the music video by RunDMC '' Fight the Power '' , but it was n't something that presented anything I already didnt know.But check out the dvds and if you do n't have a copy check out the vhs as '' Do The Right Thing '' is a bit of phenomen with some important views on racism although it just does n't present them in the best possible manner .
 Every filmmaker has one truly shining moment above all others , and I daresay Spike himself would admit he 'll never top this film.That this film passed by unrewarded by most moviegoers at the time of its release -LRB- certainly by the Academy Awards -RRB- , the joke turns out to be on them , as most films from '89 have aged beyond belief , while `` Do The Right Thing '' remains as powerful and vital as it was then.The casting is brilliant , including John Turturro , Danny Aiello -LRB- and a young Martin Lawrence -RRB- , Bill Nunn , Ruby Dee , and Samuel L. Jackson , the screenplay is excellent , and the direction is without peer . Spike would go on to use the same techniques for subsequent films such as `` Jungle Fever '' , `` Mo Better Blues '' , and `` He Got Game '' , but never with the same effect as on this one.If you 're building a video or DVD library , it is n't complete without this movie .
 `` He died because he had a radio . '' This is the shocking end to a tension filled day in Bed-Stuy . Spike Lee 's controversial film climaxes over a day of racially charged confrontations and leaves the viewer in horror . The black , white , latino , and asian races are featured in the film as they continuously butt-heads throughout the film . The images and messages of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X loom large through out the film . The final result of the film reminds the viewer that violence is not the answer in this struggle , as so many are hurt by it . The racial tensions throughout the film remind us of what a huge issue this is in our nation and what can be produced by it.The film success and poignant message owes much to its technical elements . The theme song of Public Enemy 's `` Fight the Power '' and the jazz overtones fill the movie with life and set the scenes . Also the camera work in the film aides it immensely . The use of overhead shots to get a views of the block , and first person angles are fantastic . One scene that stands out is when Radio Raheem raps to Mookie about love and hate how it is shot from Mookie 's point of view is fantastic . It puts Raheem right in the viewers face . Overall this is a fantastic film and something which is vital to helping improve race relations in this nation .
 A lot of people criticize this movie because of its ending . To do so misses the point of the film . Do the Right Thing is one of the few films that deals with race honestly - it does n't end with everyone hugging and happy singing Kumbaya . Instead it takes a realistic look at race relations in an inner city neighborhood that has faced white flight , and is now facing gentrification . It 's a scenario playing out all over the country , and the tensions that arise in the film can probably be found in any American city today . The difference is , Lee is willing to face those challenges in the eye , instead of dancing around them like most of us do.A bit about the characters . Some have argued that they are caricatures , or simple , or racist , or unlikable . That is the point . Should somebody die because they are obnoxious ? Should someone 's life work be destroyed because of what they represent , instead of who they are ? Yes , the characters may seem at first one dimensional , but look a bit closer . The issue is n't whether Mookie is lazy , or Sal 's son is racist . The issue is how do people relate to each other , and when the lines are drawn , where do their loyalties ultimately lie . The fact that the ending is inconclusive , and forces people to think -LRB- a rare thing in films nowadays -RRB- should n't detract from the movie 's rating . Even if you do n't agree with the ending , or dislike the characters , this is a must see film .
 I admit it . The first time I ever saw this film was in my Film class , and it was being taught by Mr. Webster
 This movie is one of the best ... one of those you can watch again and again ... truly art for art 's sake ... and as a white female ... my intro into black directors ... wonderful !
 Excellent film . One of the 5 best movies I 've ever seen . Excellent acting From Ruby davis to Danny Aiello to Robin Harris .
 Well a lot of the movie is about racism but my favorite part was Radio Raheem giving the story of love and hate . How love is always battling hate all the time and here comes love and back comes hate and bang boom love comes back and KO 's hate . Really made me think.Like during the course of a day ... when you go to work ... you put a fence of hate around you and also lets say if youre an employer you hate on an employee to make them go . ` Do your job or youre fired ' ... its a heck of a motivator . On the other hand ... I think its FAR more dangerous to love than to hate because if you love you make yourself more vulnerable and theres always the danger that could be used against you . But like radio raheem said ... love always triumphs over hate.Great movie , go pick it up , one of Spike Lees best .
 1989 's acclaimed and controversal film about racism in a slum town really hit me . I was very impressed at how well directed it was . Spike Lee has always swept me off my feet with his brilliance , creativity and reality . He always has a great cast , fun lines and brilliant style . He is also as good an actor in this as well as others -LRB- including Jungle Fever and Malcom X -RRB- as he is a director and writer . Danny Aiello gave a great performance , as did John Tutorro . Samuel L. Jackson had a small but fun part as well . All in all I really enjoyed Do the Right Thing . However , I do not fully agree with all of Spike Lee 's views on racism . While this was a phenominal film about racism , it seemed to overfavor the racist black people a lot , whereas ANY racism is wrong . Other than that though , this was a great film . This is certainly something that would probably offend many people . Its R rating reflects extreme racist content including violence , pervasive strong language and brief nudity .
 Ok , if you are going to understand this movie , you need to remember the title , `` Do the Right Thing . '' How do you know what the right thing is ? Which character says the title line ? The Mayor . That 's your clue . Is the Mayor on the side of violence ? No . The Mayor stands with the Italians when his neighbors are about to burn down the pizzeria . The Mayor does , as is his wont , the right thing -LRB- i.e. he stands against the mob -RRB- . Admittedly , the Italians are yahoos , but the message of the movie is
 Another satisfied customer . Arrived fast and new . Hold on to your hats men and women . This film is strong in content .
 This movie is very confrontational , and not really a movie . It 's a pissed off guys way of telling the world `` HEY WE 'RE ALL THE SAME YOU MORONS NOW LET 'S STOP WITH THE RACIAL HATRED AND BIGATRY AND GET ALONE ! '' That 's pretty much the message this movie sends . The ending will have you astonished . It 's sad that we as people are biggots because of skin or nationality differences . So take this movie 's advice and `` Forget ABout It '' okay ! We 're all the same ! All equally created . No one person is better than the other . So see this film cuz it 'll make you wan na kick the crud outta some KKK member or some Nazi punk . Not saying you should , cuz we need to understand each other , and love each other regardless if they have an opposing view . That is what this film comunicated to me , and I strongly recomend that every boy and girl should see this movie . Whether you 're black , white , or an off color green , just see this important film .
 This is a stone classic that explores the dynamic of race relations , finally , inevitably , exploding into an incident quite like real life in New York . Lee makes Bed-Stuy look almost inviting here , shooting his sets in a golden reddish glow , and the frayed brownstone apartments in colorful hues , all against a classic hiphop soundtrack . Moments when real humans would have exploded are made to seem a little unreal here when only heated words are exchanged , but not blows . The Italian pizza shop owners are quite realistic , even if their shop is way more quaint and clean that it would probably be in real life . This is a stylized version of reality . The late 80s haircuts are a hoot , as are the boomboxes , pay phones and Flashdance clothing styles . When Mooky turns on his employer and tosses a trash can through the window during a riot is the pivotal moment in the film . Was this the right thing to do ? That 's the question . There is more than one answer . Watch .
 Do the Right Thing , a Spike Lee joint , takes you into the heart of Bedford - Stuyvesant , Brooklyn on a sweltering summer day . Most of the entire film takes place over just one day . Though one day is a short amount of time , many issues arise . The issues , mostly rooted from racial conflict , are humorous but at the same time provocative and heartfelt.The main character , Pookie played by director Spike Lee , works as a pizza delivery guy for Sal 's Famous Pizzeria . Sal 's Pizzeria is owned by a white man who runs the business with his two sons . Pookie , a young African American male with a girlfriend and a young son , is often the guy the neighborhood people go to for advice or to rant about whatever . After a young man gets upset about the absence of African Americans on the wall at Sal 's Pizzeria , he lets Pookie hear it . When an attempted boycott of the pizzeria fails , the young man and his friend , Radio Rahim , confront Sal . Soon after , a riot breaks out which results in the death of Radio Rahim and Sal 's Pizzeria going up in flames.While the movie lacks direction and plot through the majority of the film , its goal is to take the racial conflict of Bedstuy and broadcast it to the audience , many of which who were probably unaware of the severity and volume of the issue . By doing this affectively , the film was granted the prestige of being `` culturally significant '' by the United States Library of Congress . Do the Right Thing is humorous while also being culturally informative . It gives insight that appears real and significant , which can easily be appreciated by any viewer .
 A great mix of characters and music from 1989 ... makes you think . A must-see for anyone that likes rap/hip-hop .
 `` Do The Right Thing '' was written , produced , and directed by Spike Lee who also stars as the movie 's main character , Mookie . The film is set in 1989 on the hottest day of the summer on a block in Bed-Stuy , Brooklyn . Most of the action occurs around Sal 's Pizzeria . Sal 's Pizzeria is an Italian-American `` pizza joint '' that has been thriving in this predominantly African-American neighborhood for over 25 years . The `` pizza joint `` is run by Sal with help from his two sons Pino and Vito . Mookie works as the restaurant 's delivery boy.The movie highlights and is a study of the daily lives of the neighborhoods various inhabitants . It addresses predominant racial prejudices and stereotypes while tracking the inhabitants ' survival . One way that this is shown is through the businesses that exist and thrive off of the neighborhood . Businesses such as Sal 's as well as a Korean owned store thrive off of and take money out of the community , while African-American owned stores are rarely found . The lack of African-American representation in the community 's businesses soon becomes an issue as a character by the name of Buggin ' Out questions Sal for only having Italian-Americans on the wall in his restaurant , but no African-Americans , the race that is essentially supporting him and putting money in his pocket . Sal shrugs him off telling him that it is his restaurant therefore he can do whatever he wants . As a result , Buggin ' Out decides to organize a boycott and enlists the help of Radio Raheem , who is like the neighborhood 's `` jukebox . '' Radio Raheem constantly walks around with his huge radio as he blasts Public Enemy 's hit song `` Fight the Power '' , the power being white supremacy . Though he may seem obnoxious to some , Radio Raheem is a strong and vital character as he is a representation of someone trying to rise above his current state of opression and speak out . However , he is never afforded the opportunity to truly do so because he is choked to death by a white police offer after an altercation between he and Sal ensues . Radio Raheem 's death devastates the neighborhood and causes the citizens to riot and burn down Sal 's Pizzeria.Throughout the movie , we see various types of racial prejudice all of which never truly die , but are rather pushed under the surface and ignored . Pino even expresses to Sal that Mookie ca n't be trusted because he 's black . Radio Raheem 's death at the hands of a white police officer symbolizes how the black community , as well as other prejudice stricken communities feel when they try to speak out , they are afraid , afraid that `` tha man '' will silence them for good . Spike Lee does a great job of showing the injustices that existed at that time and that still exist today . If we refuse to educate ourselves as a nation and ignore these issues then we too are to blame , for ignorance is not bliss , and by being ignorant , we are helping to perpetuate the very issue in which we are trying to diminish .
 Do the right thing concerns racial conflicts that take place every day on a block in Brooklyn . Throughout the entire movie it is tension filled and has an ending that smashes the blocks final racial breaking point . Every character in the movie is somewhat racist , even though there are glimpses of different races helping each other there is another scene right after to contradict the previous scene . There are no main characters in the movie ; there is Mookie , the black pizza delivery boy , Sal the white Italian owner of the pizza shop , Radio Raheem , a giant black `` protestor '' , and many more that inflict racial slurs against each other . There is only one character that shows that she is all good and that is jade , she is the small piece of hope that tries to keep all the races together , but she is in very few scenes which also confirms the lack of understanding between the races . The ending scenes of the movie can also be seen as the climax of this film , this is when Radio Raheem and Sal start to fight and Radio Raheem is killed by the police . This sends the whole block into an outrage and they end up burning down the Sal 's pizzeria . After this incident I think that all the respect is lost on every race in the community , they have done the damage to each other and the communication is lost .
 In Spike Lee 's third film , Do the right thing , he shows the significance of races and life in Brooklyn . The setting of the movie takes place is in a neighborhood called Bedford-Stuyvesant in Brooklyn adds to the culture and ethnicity found in the movie . Italian , Latino , African American , or Jewish they all learn to get along in this one town . Sal 's is this Italian pizzeria that you can locate and consider the center of this neighborhood . It is run by a strong , and proud Italian family who have been running this business for many years . Some confrontation comes up between Sal and ML when he tries to petition against Sal 's pizzeria . This petition began because ML was offended that there was no photos of African Americans on his wall of fame.But no one wanted or planned on signing this ridiculous petition . Sal 's pizzeria is where they grew up and plan on showing to their future children . Paul Benjamin who plays the role of `` ML '' then convinces Radio Raheem , played by Bill Nunn , to support him with this petition . Radio Raheem is the character who goes around town blasting his music and stating his opinions against anything . He represents love and hate which is basically seen through siblings , families , friends , different races and businesses . There 's so many varieties of races in this small town and they are able to just cope with each other.But that all changed rather quickly.One late afternoon Radio Raheem and ML make there way into Sal 's pizzeria . Radio Raheem , as usual , has his stereo blasting music and Sal simply asks him to lower it . But of course he was being difficult and did n't do as Sal commanded . This led into a huge argument and everyone started yelling but when Sal smashed Radio Raheem 's radio into pieces things went down hill . Radio Raheem and Sal began to fight each other . Everyone around and people who started heading over to Sal 's pizzeria start fighting each other . All communication and tolerance broke when Sal destroyed the radio . The cops come and take Radio Raheem away and end up murdering him . This situation just caused everyone 's anger to grow greater but Mookie changes things around . He approaches the pizzeria and chucks a garbage can at the window and everyone turns there anger against destroying the pizzeria . I believe Mookie did this because they wanted the violence to stop but wanted to maybe still hurt Sal which could be done by destroying his restaurant . While instead of taking their anger out on the cops , who were the ones who exceeded the point of violence by murdering Radio Raheem ; they decided to take it out on Sal and his pizzeria . This whole riot shows that they were able to tolerate each other to a certain point but that ended communication ended at the pizzeria . In the end both Radio Raheem and Sal 's pizzeria are dead and nothing got settled .
 Spike Lee 's 1989 film Do the Right Thing is powerful and sizzles just like the heat that overwhelms the neighborhood in the film
 < < !!! This Review Contains Spoilers !!! >> After viewing this film a million different things came into my mind that aggravated me the more I thought about it.No disrespect to the movie at all , I thought it was a good movie with a lot of historical backround and imagery that did a great part at subconsciously planting thoughts in our minds , but I am left to ponder and wonder for hours who is right and who is wrong . It probably comes to no surprise to the reader that with a name like Pignataro I am most definitely Italian . But do not label me as favoring Sal because of my hertiage when I say that Sal did nothing wrong to deserve what happened to his shop . Others may say that Sal is just as racist as any other character in the flim , but I strongly disagree with that . He may have slipped and called Radio Raheem a deragatory term for black people once , but that was because they were disturbing the peace and right to privcay Sal reserves in the safety of his own pizzeria on the hottest day of the year after a stressful day of nonstop work and costumers as high strung as the incriminating police officers.My thoughts on Sal not having any blacks on his wall go as follows
 In 1989 when this film was released I was in a coming of age period . I was 16 years old . The realism of this movie was astounding and Spike did not hold back . It was drama , comedy and cinema paradisio all in one . The sound track was awesome as well . It is a movie that I still yearn to watch in it 's entirety everytime I come across it . I still feel that this is Spike Lee 's best film and it will always have a special place in my thoughts . I would give it 10 stars if I could . It has been several years since I have seen it last . Now that I am a mature woman in my mid thirties I will watch and critique it again soon , to see if any of my feelings have changed , It 's highly doubtful .
 The Bottom Line : Do the Right Thing is sometimes meandering and unfocused , and it is sometimes a bit too willing to change characters when necessary -LRB- look at the cops who are painted as decent fellows in one scene and racists in the next -RRB- , but it is a powerful film that dares to ask ugly questions which have no obvious answers , and is n't that everything ?
 Great movie . I always wait for this to come up on tv but now I can watch it all the time .
 This is a masterful film that aims to deconstruct racial barriers and common stereotypes of the black community . Spike Lee assigns each character to a common stereotype that larger society has of the black community , and aims to show the absurdity of the stereotype . The film also asks if the community in the movie did the right thing on their response to the racial intolerance in their community . The film wants the viewer to decide if one should resort to violence or non-violence in order to fight for change . This is a classic , and one of the most influential and important films . This is a great film .
 I enjoyed watching the movie and Rosie Perez ' accent is super funny . I enjoyed the movie and I 'm happy to add it to my collection .
 The Criterion Edition of Do The Right Thing exceeded my biggest anticipations . Not only is this one of the best films I 've ever seen ; the entire second DVD is filled with meaningful extras that provide so much insight and information as to how they made this film . The cinematography and the choreography are easily some of the best I 've ever seen -- period . The acting was extremely convincing ; and the action moved along so well that it had my full attention the entire length of the movie . Spike Lee created a film that shows precisely what each character was thinking and that 's exceptional.When the action starts , we are quickly introduced to several characters , which is a good idea because that way the slice of life we get in this film can start as soon as possible . It all takes place in the not exactly opulent neighborhood of Bedford-Stuyvesant in Brooklyn , New York City . We meet Sal -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- , the Italian owner of a pizzeria who built his business there over the previous twenty-five years ; Sal 's too sons Pino -LRB- John Turturro -RRB- and Vito -LRB- Richard Edson -RRB- work with Sal . Mookie -LRB- Spike Lee -RRB- is the rather irresponsible young delivery man at Sal 's pizzeria who does n't push himself too hard when he works . Mookie 's girlfriend Tina -LRB- Rosie Perez -RRB- and their very young son Hector live with Tina 's mother in a small , cramped apartment . We also meet the elders of the block , Da Mayor -LRB- Ossie Davis -RRB- and Mother Sister -LRB- Ruby Dee -RRB- who dispense well meant advice to the younger people on the block . In addition , we meet Mookie 's friends including Buggin Out -LRB- Giancarlo Esposito -RRB- and Radio Raheem -LRB- Bill Nunn -RRB- . There has always been racial tension on the block ; this tension is principally between the African-American people and the white people -LRB- Sal and his two sons -RRB- ; but there is also tension between the Koreans -LRB- who own a small marketplace store -RRB- and the rest of the people both black and white.The film does n't truly follow a heavily scripted plot ; for the better part of the film we get a slice of life look at how people get along and do n't get along on the block in Bedford-Stuyvesant . The film also takes place on one of the hottest days of the year ; and as the temperature rises so do the racial tensions . Any humorous moments gradually diminish as tensions rise -- and when the sun sets , things actually get even hotter . All through the day , Buggin Out has tried to organize a boycott of Sal 's pizza place because Sal wo n't put pictures of African-Americans on the walls of his establishment ; and this angers Buggin Out as well as some of the other younger black people on the block . After sunset , just when you would think people might be able to calm down , there is plenty of tragedy that you wo n't forget anytime soon.The second DVD gives us a plethora of extras that actually mean something and teach you things about the movie rather than just have actors and filmmakers gush about how wonderful it was to do it all . We get great footage of Spike Lee 's 1989 press conference at The Cannes Film Festival ; and there 's an extensive `` making of '' documentary that lasts an hour all in itself ! There are screen tests and behind the scenes footage of Lee and the actors debating how to best portray a situation . I really admire how well Spike Lee managed that -- he truly listens to the cast to get their ideas and suggestions to make the movie even better ! It takes a great man to be able to do that when he 's both the director and the writer of a film.Do The Right Thing , as people will correctly tell you , does n't decide for you whether or not violence is the best way to deal with racism and racial tensions . We are left with two quotes at the very end of the film -- one from Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. who advocated for peaceful resolutions , and another quote from Malcolm X who was more receptive to the idea of violence if necessary . You decide for yourself which is the best response . In any event , Do The Right Thing deserves all the credit it ever receives and will receive ; and I highly recommend this film . It will be interesting to people who think about racial tensions and people studying sociology and African-American culture and history may also want to consider getting this film .
 this mother conjures a time when a new spike lee movie was an event . this movie packs more emotion , beauty , exuberance and life in every minute than 99 % of the movies coming out of hollywood . the music , the cinematography , the kaleidoscope of viewpoints and characters , the strong sense of place -LRB- NYC , of course -RRB- , the amazing cast ... all in the service of an honest , complex look at racism . Lee leaves you with two choices at the end , as symbolized by Malcolm X and Martin Luther King.at the same time that i praise this wonderful movie , i have to wonder what 's happened to spike lee since . mo better blues and jungle fever were interesting but never come close to the impact of this movie . crooklyn is sweet and malcolm x is a great film , but still pale compared to lee 's best movie .
 A great movie with a simple setting but a serious theme . What makes it so great is the dialogue and characters . They really seem as colorfull as the street they live on . The whole story takes place in two days I think , but really gives you a sense of how different groups of people all got ta live day to day . Spike Lee is very talented , and a true director to be admired by amateurs .
 I finally saw Do the Right Thing , the 1988 Spike Lee film regarded as a modern masterpiece . I found so much about it intriguing , especially the screenplay . The dialogue bounces back and forth between characters like a profane yet graceful ping pong match . God , it 's cool . I also liked the comic scenes of youthful mischief , and the ragged , brilliant speeches of Da Mayer . Though Spike Lee nearly sabatoged his own creation with his dreadful acting . Consequently the ice cube erotic scene was terribly lame ; the self-indulgence of Spike Lee 's insertion of himself into an erotic scene with a beautiful naked woman -LRB- Rosie Perez -RRB- smothered any charm , eroticism , or point the scene could have had with a different , more capable , frankly - less dweebish actor . If Spike Lee proved himself a terrible actor , he certainly proved himself a gifted filmmaker . The movie was thought-provoking , provided no easy answers , and demonstrated a flair for dialogue , visual panache , and a storyteller 's gift for slowly building tension in the narrative . It did n't provide pleasure in the traditional sense of movies-as-entertainment ; in fact , most of the movie , I was -LSB- ticked -RSB- off . A movie about race relations in America should by definition -LSB- tick -RSB- you off though . There are no antagonists or protoganists in this struggle . Just petty misunderstandings galvanized . Its lack of typical character associations makes Do the Right Thing an occasionally frustrating but ultimately unique and rewarding viewing experience . Spike Lee should be commended for this accomplishment , whose lessons can be applied to daily conflicts of any kind . This movie has something to say about psychology , race relations , and America . And all things considered , it definitely exceeds any damage he might have done by way of his acting .
 Spike Lee is not the world 's best filmmaker . Lately , his films have been thin , misguided and boring.But when `` Do the Right Thing '' came out in 1989 , people must have surely thought that they were witnessing the first in a long line of masterworks by a skilled , important director . `` Do the Right Thing '' is a monumental film , a truly honest and downright compelling look at racism that holds nearly every character with some kind of respect . In addition to the crackling script and sharp direction , the look and sound of `` Do the Right Thing '' is near perfect . Wynn Thomas ' production design makes a drab Bed-Stuy neighborhood look like a colorful capture from a comic book , and the jazzy score perfectly complements the film.The DVD package itself is fairly comprehensive . The commentary , though recorded for a laserdisc in ' 95 , is insightful and maddening -LRB- as Spike Lee tends to be -RRB- , and the documentaries are interesting . Best of all is the videotape of the cast 's first read-through of the script -- here is a part of the filmmaking process that we never see , and I am glad that we see it here.Any serious film fan should own this film , and any DVD-phile should own this DVD . A classic .
 It 's when reading `` Do the right thing '' as an allegory that we fully appreciate Spike Lee 's ultimate triumph . See Sal 's Famous Pizzeria as a symbol for the Hollywood system and Mookie as representative of the -LRB- black -RRB- brothers and sisters working within the system and you appreciate how apt Spike 's casting as Mookie is . The movie 's central question is ; `` What responsibility does a black film maker working within the Hollywood system have toward his or her people ? And the pivotal scene is the one in which Buggin ' Out moves into Sal 's and asks the crucial question ; `` Why are there no brothers on the wall ? '' , in other words why are there no positive images of black people in Hollywood . Sal 's response is instructive ; `` This is an Italian-American pizzeria ... there are Italian-Americans on the wall ... You want brothers on the wall ? ... Get your own pizzeria '' . And Buggin ' Out is right ; `` I don ' see no Italian-Americans eating here ... only black people ... So , why are there no brothers on the wall '' . After he 's kicked out Buggin ' Out rallies his people to boycott Sal.Mookie is caught in the middle . His divided loyalties are exposed for the first time.Eventually , things come to a push when Buggin ' Out , Radio Raheem and friends rock up at Sal 's . Sal tells Radio to switch off his ghettoblaster . Radio wo n't . Sal demolishes Radio 's ghettoblaster with a baseball bat . `` You killed my music '' , laments the fuming Radio Raheem who attacks Sal . Police arrive on the scene , assault Radio . He dies and is taken away with Buggin ' Out . The crowd is incensed . Now watch Mookie . What is he to do ? Caught right in the middle of it , whose side is he to take ? This moment for me is one of the most important cinematic moments in history . No kidding . Mookie is not about to sell out , he gets hold of a garbage can and initiates a riot . Watch carefully as the camera lingers on the burning images on Sal 's wall . Smiley superimposes the only existing photograph of Martin Luther King and Malcolm X together on the burning images . The message pretty obvious . Mookie 's -LRB- read Spike 's -RRB- violent is rendered less final , less of a definitive answer to the movie 's central question by King 's and Malcolm X 's divergent opinions on violence which come up at the end of the movie . Spike is a precociously selfconscious film maker always interrogating his tools and keenly aware of his role as a black artist and intellectual .
 Do the right thing is still regarded by many -LRB- including me -RRB- as the definitive Spike Lee film , from the script to the soundtrack , to the strong , sometimes humourous acting and the unforgetable ending . this film blew me away when I first saw it . At first I thought it was a full blown racial comedy , but as the film progresses you get more involved with the characters in the film , and you realise that not everything is sweet on the streets . Spike Lee is splendid in the lead role , and is solidly backed up by some great supporting actors , which include John Tuturro , -LRB- The Big Lebowski -RRB- and danny Aiello . -LRB- Leon -RRB- There is also a cameo from Samuel L Jackson as the loud and opinioated disc jockey on the local radio station . Criterion look to have finally done this film proud , with a new anamorphic transfer , and bags of extra material to back up the film . Hopefully this disc will gone down in DVD history as a classic .
 When I first saw this movie , I was mislead by the title of the film . I was expecting it to present answers and solutions to one of the oldest problems this world has known . But that is the beauty of this film . It left it up to us to decided what the `` right thing '' to do is . There are some very , very colorful characters in this film . It 's so tense and yet , after having stomached the ending , somewhat exhilirating . Spike Lee 's best ; and easily one of the best films of the 80s . Having spent a significant amount of time in a Brooklyn neighborhood like this , I can relate to all the characters -- and the heat !
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Spike Lee 's `` Do the Right Thing '' is a groundbreaking film indeed . It takes place in Brooklyn NY on a hot summer day . The heat is causing people to be more irritable and when one thing leads to another , the situation explodes into a riot.I thought that the film depicted Blacks in a very stereotypical manner . But since the director is black , I guess it would not be considered racist . The film had a well deserved R rating for a scene of sexual content , a scene of violence , and a lot of profanity.The film only shows shat racism is alive and well in America and that it is unlikely to end soon . As a Christian , I feel that this is an important film to see and the negative effect racism has on society , but feel that they could have made the film a bit tamer as far as the nudity is concerned . The violence and use of the N-word , while disturbing to many , is necessary to demonstrate how bad the problem is and why racism must end.The DVD is a double disc feature with many special features on it.Disc one contains the film with optional audio commentary with Spike Lee , Ernest Dickerson , Wynn Thomas , and Joie LeeDisc two contains , Theatrical trailers and TV spots , an excerpt from the Cannes film festival press conference . There is an hour long documentary on the making of the film with preproduction scenes including a script reading . There is a second making-of documentary , the music video for the movie 's theme song `` Fight the Power '' by Public Enemy , storyboards for the riot scene , and an interview with editor Barry Brown . In addition to this , many of the features include a brief introduction by director Spike Lee.This remains an important film that shows the negative effect of racism .
 `` Race '' may not be a film category but as a subject it has it 's slot on Amazon and it has played a central role in USA film since USA film began just as race has and does in the history anbd psyche of the USA.BIRTH OF A NATION , THE DEFIANT ONES , PINKY , COLOR PURPLE , PRIMARY COLORS , GONE WITH THE WIND , GONE WITH THE WIND , GLORY , THE SEARCHERS are just some that spring to mind , which have race as a central issue , or drive the action . Now , nearly 20 years since its first release , DO THE RIGHT THING looms as one of the great American films of all time with race as a central issue . I 've seen it at least 20 times and have concluded it is pretty well faultless , with perhaps some shift in tone in the last 10 minutes redeemed by the strange confrontation about money , and then reconciliation between Sal and Mooky . Just consider one tiny scene when Ossie Davis -LRB- as da Mayor -RRB- opens his first can of beer for the very hot day ahead , and hasan interchange with `` Mother Sister '' who looks down on him from the window of her stoop window . The moment begins with the music of Banford Marsalis in the form of an arco bass quickly filling the ears with sweet yearning , with the music slowly building throughout the scene . Ossie Davis gives one of his exhilarating `` philosophical '' orations at this point , not too long , but TO the point . In brief , the film is all of a piece . There is no part in it - including the powerful to-camera racist recitatives and the stunning performance by Mr Samuel L. Jackson as the DJ - that is less than significant or relevant . It sings with a humanity and soul . One of the best American films of all time. ,
 2 Discs , Dolby 5.1 soundtrack -LRB- which is VERY nice -RRB- , 11 Deleted scenes , special with the cast Do the Right Thing 20 Years later -LRB- Great -RRB- & Remastered picture . Quality & price are amazing . If you do n't have this , this is the version you have been waiting for . Thank you Criterion for your version but ... Universal hit this one out of the park.Thanks Universal ...
 I first saw this movie in 1990 . I have seen it a few more times since then , and today I am convinced that the movie stands the test of time.The reason for its success is its apparent banality , everyday quality . It seems like nothing happens , a regular day in a black neighborhood . Some people work , some stay home , and some just hang out . Nothing special.But a tension is built . Small things , almost unnoticable . Then suddenly , everything explodes , emotions burst out , and destruction follows . What Lee shows in the movie is the daily dynamics of countless neighborhood in the world , wherever the residents of the neighborhood feel frustrated , discriminated against , closed in . Nothing special indeed , regretfully.Is Lee right ? Is he wrong ? By breaking the Pizza 's window he probably saved Sal 's life , but that is not the issue . Even the cop who killed Radio Raheem is shown not to have meant it . We can not judge what has happenned without looking into politics - who controls the budget , the school system , the Media ? It is not Sal , nor Mookie , nor even the violent cop . They are mere puppets on strings , playing out the roles expected of them.See the movie !!!
 I have to say it , i really liked this film . I am not african american , i am not any minority , but the message that i derived from the film , it is impossible to do the right thing regarding violence . I came to this decision after reading the quotes from MLK and Malcom X at the end of the film . Both were completely opposite of each other , yet both figures are symbols the african american 's struggle in the 1960 's . MLK wanted peace , X accepted violence if it was neccesary . Yet , what was mookie supposed to do ? sit back and accept the death of someone he knew ? was he supposed to act the way he did ? there is no right thing to do.this was teh message that i got from this film . I feel that spike lee made a very well put to gether film about racism , infact , almost reverse racism , in a black community . I get eh reverse form the pizzeria scene . Sal said nothing durogatory to buggin out and he said the pictures meant nothing other than celebrating his culture 's successes . If it were in an all white community and sal was black and had pictures of african american 's on his wall , he 'd face the same treatment . Who knows , i could be completely wrong . It 's my opinion on the film .
 I love this movie , but then , I am a lover of Spike Lee movies . I thoughly enjoyed this version because it was just like I was there . The second dvd in which I get to listen to things at the readings and seeing all that information about the actors , first introduced to me by Spike , who have gone on to become big boxoffice stars . I just enjoyed this even more , if that is possible , because of this added information .
 To be honest , the first time I saw this film I thought it was overhyped . The second time I saw this film , I thought it was interesting . When I saw it for the third time , on this criterion collection dvd , it won me over.The most compelling part of this film is the way it comes out of nowhere , the way we begin to see how little common things we say and do have more meaning than we can realize . In the beginning of the film , you see Ossie Davis ' character as lazy and pitiful . By the time you travel in the shoes of the characters , you start to wonder how he could be so brave .
 Do The Right Thing is one of the greatest movies of the eighties and maybe of all times . Spike Lee tells the story of one of the hottest days of the year and what sparks into an explosive ending . When you add this movie to your collection you must understand that Spike Lee is an artist and his movies are deep . Do The Right Thing symbolizes the everyday struggle of man and what could happen to us all if we dont use knowledge to break down hate and fear that keeps us all apart.The second Disc -LRB- Disc 2 -RRB- gives you a great chance to see a younger Sam L. Jackson and especally Rosie Porez . This movie would be a great addition anyone 's collection .
 This movie is really special . Each character is depicted in a unique way with his good points , faults , and prejudices . This movie shows that some people are diplomatic while others are extremely close minded . Each personreacts to a situation in his own way . Whereas Spike Lee 's character is somewhat laid back , he tries to be diplomatic especially when dealing with Buggin ' Out Bill who is all about anarchy . Sweet Dick Willy and his cronies stick to their own kind and are a bit ignorant but try to be accepting of all people and do n't want to cause any trouble . The old couple each try to do what is right but each have quirks to their own style . The mother sister -LRB- Ruby Lee -RRB- seems to want goodness for her neighborhood . Yet she applauds the burning on Sal 's Pizzeria . And then there is Sal and his sons . Sal just wants to run his business with pride and dignity with minimal resistance from those around him . One son wants to escape from an envirnment where he feels persecuted whreas the other son wants to try to understand the dominant culture around him . I could go on about all the other characters such as the self righteous Radio Raheem or Spike Lee 's respectful sister , Jade but this is a movie worthy of multiple viewings due to its depth and message . Just try to overlook an overindulgence of cursing . I can for the most part .
 This movie 's cinematography broke new ground at the time - it does n't seem that way now because the style of this move has been imitated , but hardly duplicated , thousands of times since . What is most amazing about this movie is its careful portrayal of its characters - some are purely caricatures - some are stereotypical but fully fleshed out . Mookie is a lazy , irresponsible black man . Sal is an unsophisticated and ethnocentric Italian guy . In most movies made in our increasingly politically correct times , Mookie 's character would be transmogrified into a brilliant and tortured genius who speaks six languages and dreams of being a physics professor while toiling away at thankless jobs due to his oppression by a racist system . Sal would be a working-class guy who harbors secret homosexual desires , is trapped in a stifling relationship with an uncaring wife and who dresses up in drag to go out in Manhattan . Instead , Lee creates characters that are realistic , like people we know from the neighborhood , and he makes them interesting and relevant . If Sal and Mookie reach an understanding , it 's because each realizes how different one another 's values and sensibilities are , not because they come to some false p.c. realization that `` we 're really all the same deep down . '' Lee manages to turn everyday New York into art without having to sanitize it or `` messagize '' it to make it resonate . A tour de force .
 very real and brutatly honest.it came at the right time.and it is still a solid great film from one of the all-time greats in my book . so many sides of life and so many details a pure tour de force .
 well , i was amazed . taking a seemingly boring day at a black neighbourhood and coloring it with the greatest characters , each one has a story of its own but still , until the shocking ending scene , all the characters are like cartoons . very goofy , funny and not a bit serious about their purposes , but the great end changhes it all , spike shows us what can really happen if we wont be patient and live and let live . this is a very funny , powerful , touching film that reflects the life of rainbow colored humen beinges in an urban growing world . its a must seen !
 I loved this movie . It was very realistic . It did an excellent job of showing how things can build up to lead to unrest . I think many people may not understand why mookie -LSB- played by spike lee -RSB- does what he does at the end of the movie , and this may explain why they do n't like the movie .
 This movie capture the desire of black movie goers hungry for a good written and produced movie , gear toward putting a face in front of american 's race problems and its misunderstanding of cultures .
 DO THE RIGHT THING may be Spike Lee 's best film . It portrays deep-seated racial tensions in a New York City neighborhood and how explosive these tensions can be . Lee is a master of the image , the sound , and the feel . This is a must-see .
 Spike Lee 's 1989 film is without question , the highlight of his career . Do The Right Thing would be a highlight of any director 's career -LRB- yes , ANY director -RRB- . This film is set in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood in Brooklyn and takes place in one day . The film 's protagonist -LRB- though not hero -RRB- is a young black man named Mookie -LRB- Spike Lee -RRB- . Mookie works at Sal 's Famous Pizzeria . Sal -LRB- Danny Aiello -RRB- and his two sons are Italian and have pictures of famous Italian-Americans on the Wall of Fame . The restaurant , on the other hand , serves a primarily black clientele.The day this film takes place is a very hot day , a near record high temperature pushing 100 degrees . On a day like that , tempers as well as temperatures will be high.The film deals with the issue of race relations . The first part of the film is spent setting up the characters . We see who Mookie is , where he works , what kind of relationship he has with his girlfriend Tina -LRB- Rosie Perez in her film debut -RRB- . We see Sal and his very prejudiced son . We see neighborhood characters . By the time the middle of the film hits , we are able to view the Bed-Stuy neighborhood as a very real place with very real people . When a young black man notices that the Wall of Fame does not have any black men on it , he calls Sal on it . Sal gives his reasons , but the young man does not buy it , and calls for a boycott of the pizzeria . While most people do n't go for the boycott , a couple of people do . Around closing time that night , these few people enter Sal 's pizzeria and demand change . Tempers flare and violence erupts.This is an incredibly powerful and moving film and is the best reason for explaining why Spike Lee was one of the most important filmmakers of the 90 's -LRB- this film being released in 89 , and followed up later by Malcolm X -RRB- . It is also the reason we should be on the lookout for the next Spike Lee joint .
 ... and another Spike Lee project cheated by the Oscars . : - -RRB- Seriously though , this is an excellent film and the extra ` making of ' material highlighting the process and challenges of filming a movie in Bed Stuy was interesting ; especially seeing what did and did n't change after production wrapped . I also enjoyed seeing the interaction between different players in the production and gained a greater appreciation of their putting together a great final piece , even without total agreement about the story and its characters . -LRB- For instance , Spike Lee 's and Danny Aiello 's differing opinions on whether or not Sal was a racist . -RRB- As with other Criterion Collection titles , ` Do the Right Thing ' does n't disappoint .
 Spile Lee is thy greatest director that has every walked on his planetr !! This film mixes up so mny raw anzs real emotion i does n't know what to does with myself ! Great acting by Ossis Davis and Danny Aillioe in a movie thatzs brings up race and social indydiferences at such a real standpoint . Real and beautiful ... peace out !
 I would recommend this product to everyone . Very engaging and tension mounted . This was a very well thought out movie .
 Now , after writing a very long response to somebody who voted this a 1/5 movie , I feel the need to both put my `` positive '' review here , as well as add my response as well , since it goes into detail on why this is such a great film . -- > First off , there are only two types of people that should not watch this film
 If you are searching for the very best edition of this classic movie to purchase , then look no further . This is it ! Not only will you get the movie in its entirety on the 1st disc , but you will also get the 2nd disc which includes some extremely detailed bonus features surrounding this classic film . I 'm not gon na say they are , but in my opinion disc 2 is well worth the price alone ! Trust me . This Criterion version would be ideal for a filmmaker or a serious Spike Lee fanatic . I hope this helps ...
 This was a totally entertaining and thought-provoking movie !!!!! I had to watch this movie over and over again . FIVE STARS !!!!!!
 Satisfactory service . Received package in an appropriately timely fashion . Satisfied with product . Would do business with dealer again . Most definitely .
 I originally saw `` Do the Right Thing '' in a theater in Southern Illinois when it first came out . The audience was a bit sparse for our showing , but was appreciative and commented liberally throughout the show . Some of the NY allusions sailed over the heads of the audience , although I enjoyed listening to the argot of my youth . All in all it was an interesting experience to ` share ' reactions on the fly as it were . I was struck , at the time , at how well Spike Lee had captured the tenor of the times , and successfully showed the attitudes and biases that live just below the surface in many of us.Fast forward to 2012 , I showed this to high school students after finals this year -LRB- yes , I got permission from admin - the language can get pretty rough -RRB- and was a bit surprised by the reaction . The students were interested in the conflicts , but saw no relevance to their personal lives . I should mention this is a school that is > 95 % black and the community has more than one similarity to Bed-Stuy . I felt that the message was still an important one , and was hoping for a bit more discussion , but got very little . All that to say , while I still feel this is an important movie , it seems to have been relegated to the status of a ` period piece ' in the minds of many of today 's youth .
 The film deals with the issue of race relations . The first part of the film is spent setting up the characters . We see who Mookie is , where he works , what kind of relationship he has with his girlfriend Tina -LRB- Rosie Perez in her film debut -RRB- . We see Sal and his very prejudiced son . We see neighborhood characters . By the time the middle of the film hits , we are able to view the Bed-Stuy neighborhood as a very real place with very real people . When a young black man notices that the Wall of Fame does not have any black men on it , he calls Sal on it . Sal gives his reasons , but the young man does not buy it , and calls for a boycott of the pizzeria . While most people do n't go for the boycott , a couple of people do . Around closing time that night , these few people enter Sal 's pizzeria and demand change . Tempers flare and violence erupts .
 I loved this from the day it opened in my multicultural neighborhood . Eye opening and soul awakening !
 I LOVE THE MOVIE . I LOVE EVERY SPIKE LEE PRODUCTION MOVIE I HAVE EVER WATCHED . I LIKE THE TRUTHFULNESS ABOUT RACISM IN THEIR AREA DURING THAT TIME .
 though it 's rather simplistic , and resorts to stereotypes , spike 's do the right thing is probably the best american movie made about race . you have blacks , whites , asian , latinos , immigrants , all sweating together on the hottest day of the year in brooklyn . each group has it 's foibles , and spike takes potshots at them all , including , and perhaps most intensely , black americans . the scene where each character one by one lists the racists stereotypes of the other ethnic group is hilarious , but also spot on , because it rings true somehow.i do n't know of another movie that tackles race head on and does it in a way that makes you laugh and also makes you cry . plus , the movie was filmed gorgeously , with rich , vibrant hues , and the soundtrack is one of the best of all times -LRB- old school hip hip and new jack city r & b ; , plus a killer jazz score -RRB- .
 With such films as BLADE RUNNER , BLOOD SIMPLE , RAGING BULL and E.T. , the 1980s gave us a diverse range of challanging cinema . But it was n't until the late summer of the last year of the decade did we get a small film by Spike Lee about racial tension on the hottest day of the summer in Brooklyn ; and it hit us all like a sledgehammer!Even as the film spends most of its time painting a pleasant and often touching side of American life in Brooklyn , the viewer can feel the tension mounting as the day draws closer to night , until inevitable a racial riot break out and one person is left dead.This was a movie with a strong message , which , 16 years later , unfortunately , we as a society still do n't seem to get .
 Spike Lee takes us to a single block in Brooklyn on the hottest day of the year in his awesomely brilliant movie `` Do The Right Thing '' . The movie opens on a sultry early morning ; by the time it ends , on a sweltering midnight of the same day , the heat , and the movie , have built up unbearable tensions that explode in in a confrontation that engulfs the street and everyone in it.At the heart of the block and the movie is Sal 's Famous Pizzeria , run by Sal and his two sons from Bensonhurst -LRB- also in Brooklyn but it might as well be on the other side of the planet -RRB- , with its `` Wall of Fame '' covered with photographs of famous Italian-Americans , glaringly out of place and insultingly insensitive on this African-American street in Bedford-Stuyvesant . The movie presents us with an unforgettable set of characters , including Danny Aiello in a great performance as Sal , Spike Lee as Mookie , his delivery man , Rosie Perez as Mookie 's long-suffering and neglected girlfriend , Giancarlo Esposito as Mookie 's radical friend Buggin ' Out , Bill Nunn as Radio Raheem with his suitcase-size boom box that eats up 20 D batteries at a clip , the nearly legendary husband-wife acting team of Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee as Da Mayor , the street bum , and Mother Sister , the neighborhood snoop -LRB- every neighborhood has to have one -RRB- , Samuel L. Jackson as Senor Love Daddy , and Joie Lee , Spike Lee 's real-life sister , who plays Mookie 's sister Jade in the film . Among a host of minor characters , the best are the three men parked on the sidewalk , ML , played by Paul Benjamin , Coconut Sid , played by Frankie Faison , and Sweet Dick Willie , played by the late Robin Harris , who act as a kind of Greek chorus to the unfolding events . Much of the speaking parts of these three was ad-libbed on camera , and the actors seem to have had a ball with their characterizations -LRB- Buggin ' Out
 Do The Right Thing -LRB- 1989 -RRB- It 's hard to believe that it 's been 20 years since I first saw this movie in theaters , but it has and I 'm getting old.This one chronicles The hottest day of the summer in the Bedford-Stuyvesant -LRB- Bed-Stuy for short -RRB- neighborhood of Brooklyn , NY . Danny Aiello plays Sal , the owner of Sal 's Famous Pizzeria that has been there for over 25 years . During that time , I assume the neighborhod changed from predominately Italian American immigrants to mostly African American . Through it all , it seems as if Sal is very appreciative of the business and people that have allowed his family to thrive over the decades . Sal 's son , Pino -LRB- John Tuturro , Transformers -RRB- , who works at the Pizzeria is less appreciative . He is very open about his dislike for black people and openly urges Sal to sell the bussiness and move to the predominately Italian neighborhood of Bensonhurst Brooklyn . Spike Lee plays Mookie , the neighborhood guy that Sal hired to deliver his pizzas across Bed-Stuy . Needless to say , Mookie and Pino do n't get along.Long story short , in the course of one day , things devolve , a lot of good people make some tremendously terrible decisions and some regrettable events transpire in what the American Film Institute included in it 's 100 most Powerful Moments on Film -LRB- link when I get home.They subsequently named DtRT thier 96th greatest american film of all time . -RRB- You as the audience are tasked to decide who `` did the right thing . '' As a teenager , I always thought that Spike Lee used the Mookie character to speak for his own opinions on the matter , but now , 20 years later , in the age of Obama , I really do n't think so . I think he was just writing the character . His director 's commentary seems to confirm that . He says he gave up offering his opinion on the `` Right Thing '' a while after the movie was released . The shot of Public Enemy 's 1989 anthem `` Fight the Power '' playing in the backgroung while panning through the ashes of Sal 's Pizzeria was worth it alone.I have to admit that sometimes the characters seem more like caricatures and in a weird way , that helps to give a it a feeling that this could be any black neighborhood in the US at almost anytime , but when it 's all said and done , this is a great movie , IMHO . In my mind , this is one of our modern classics that is a must have . If you 've never seen it or rarely seen it , I strongly urge you to give it a viewing . Ernest Dickerson -LRB- Cinematographer , Director of Dexter , The Wire , Stargate Universe -RRB- made a concious choice to film this movie in the hue of yellow in order to get a summer audience to `` feel the heat '' and this really shows through well on Blu-ray along with other movie magic he reveals on a special featurette . The special features are well worth it for the director 's commentary alone . Spike Lee is not a typical director and his personality really shines through . Looking foward to more Blu 's from Spike like Malcolm X and Jungle Fever.It 's worth noting that if this movie came out right now , it would be considered `` star studded . '' Ossie Davis , Ruby Dee , Danny Aiello , John Turturro , Spike Lee , Rosie Perez -LRB- who was a freakin ' hottie despite her mouth -RRB- , Bill Nunn , Martin Lawrence , Giancarlo Espisito and many other were in here and for many of them , it was their first film . I 'm really glad to have this Blu-ray in my collection.Film 9.0 Disk 7.5
 Forget the recently made film Crash which far from being a critical analysis of race and class in society this film , made over a decade before is the one you want to see.Set in a predominantly black neighbourhood the story revolves around one main street on a hot summer where tempers reach disastrous conclusions . The film examines race and our own views on race from all perspectives , while Crash was condescending nonsense which did nothing but help the liberal left to sleep well at night knowing that amongst the working class -LRB- in the films case the Hispanic joiner , maid and police officer -RRB- There are still a large number prepared to tolerate what abuse we choose to heap upon them with a smile and a `` Yes boss . '' Who do n't feel anger as any other human does but rather accepts a role as the happy victim.Spike Lee tears all that up and gives us a clear indication of the tensions that exist amongst working class people thrown together and competing for the same small space that they all live in . This film could have been set in London or Paris -LRB- Indeed the French film `` La Haine '' came out not long after -RRB- In the film we have the Italian Pizza restaurant , a restaurant that had been there for years when the area was predominantly Italian , where most Italians had moved out Sal had chosen to stay , accepting that things change and choosing to get on with his new neighbours and customers . While Sal chooses this role his 2 sons are somewhat different . One , a lad who has grown up amongst blacks and seeing no reason to accept the prejudice that his brother -LRB- a lad whose racism seems to be more a result of prejudice he suffers at the hands of his ` friends ' for working in a shop in a black area -RRB- . Spike Lee is a young lad drifting along in life working in the Pizza shop while his sister , far more ambitious sees life as far more than the confines of her local neighbourhood . Other characters could be found in almost every working class neighbourhood in the world . The loudmouth bums who just choose to walk the streets , the drunk who bothers nobody but has his own story to tell , the old men sitting off with a few beers who think they are the owners of the community , the minority shop keeper whose lack of English sets him apart from the community he works in , the police who work the area whose prejudice is again based on class , of an area they see as ` gone to waste ' through crime and poverty.The film examines all angles , from the Korean shop-keeper to the white lad who has just moved into the neighbourhood . This is not a film where you will see one victim and one bully but rather a film where you will see working class people as they are . I recall reading once that the difference between working class and middle class people was that the working class if they have a prejudice will openly express it while the middle class will hide it behind polite snobbery.Some will look at this film looking for a side to take -LRB- If you are white the Italians or black the black community -RRB- But I would argue rather look at this film for what it is . A insight to a working class community . Its also interesting to note that working class communities -LRB- in the UK at least -RRB- are considered the most multi racial of all communities . One only has to look at this film -LRB- black , white , Hispanic , Asian -RRB- To see that is clearly the same case in America . It rightly exposes that working class people will not sit back and be victims but will fight back sometimes with disastrous conclusions.I cant recommend this film enough . Maybe after it we will all examine our own prejudices before its too late .
 A brilliant , thought-provoking view of contemporary race relations , Spike Lee 's breakthrough feature powerfully articulated the kinds of sentiments that were -LRB- and still are -RRB- verboten in mainstream Hollywood movies and polite social discourse . Shot on location in Brooklyn 's famous Bed-Stuy neighborhood , this explosive film is a tour-de-force work of innovative cinematography , confrontational dialogue , and first-rate acting from the ensemble cast . Standouts are Rosie Perez -LRB- as Mookie 's petulant Puerto Rican girlfriend -RRB- and Giancarlo Esposito -LRB- as Buggin Out , the comically radical activist whose boycott of Sal 's causes tensions to boil over -RRB- . Smart , funky , and in your face , `` Do the Right Thing '' is a bold film that really will make you sweat .
 Spike Lee 's study of urban racial tensions stirred controversy when it was first released . Did he intend to advocate violence or merely record it as so many have experienced it ? At the end of this film powerful quotations from Martin Luther King and Malcolm X support either view . Set in the sultry summer of inner city Brooklyn , nearly every scene in this film crackles with tension . The black neighborhood of Bedford-Stuyevesant is patrolled by white cops , and commercialized by an Italian family pizzeria that has been a mainstay for twenty-five years , and an upstart Korean grocery store . The racial tensions simmer just as much within the black community ; there is only derision for a plan to boycott the pizzeria , Da Mayor is part village idiot and part wise elder , and even Mookie -LRB- Spike Lee -RRB- is caught betweeen allegiance to his black community and his Italian employer . Doing the right thing is sometimes hard not only to do but even to know .
 The progressive transformation of this brilliant film from the multi comedy to the echoes of an announced tragedy occurs in a micro cosmos - a simple pizza delivery will be the stage to deal with the controversial theme of the deep - rooted racism . Strong and well definite characters here and there will appear and slowly the events will lead to anarchy , chaos and destruction . No way out with this brutal drama . Watch it because somehow the time will forget to Driving Miss Daisy and elevate to highest places this fundamental work . Monumental and tense script
 I had wanted to write and write and write about this great film . But I see that others have and perhaps it 's best served by simplicity.This is Spike Lee 's best film . It is obvious you are to take away MEANING from it -- but , wonderfully , it has no answers . One might be frustrated by this , but it calls you to confront your own notions of what the `` right thing '' is . In fact , it asks you to consider what `` right '' thoughts are as well as `` right '' actions.No need for me to go into it here -- see above and below for plot points -- but know that you will react to this intense film . Once you 've made a decision about what the right thing is -- think again and ask yourself some more questions about who you are as you come to view this movie.A must see .
 Such a glorious examination of a cultural melting pot bubbling over on one hot day in New York . As the strains of Public Enemy filter in and out of the film , I watched in complete disarray oblivious to the imminent explosion of diverse ethnicities . A ghetto blaster , a pizza box , and a jumping rope are all symbols of the automatons that drive this otherwordly film . Spike Lee is a master of urban tales , a 21st Century Tennyson , Lee pastes together a visual and verbal exposition of love and hate colliding . ZD
 Do the Right Thing is a classic . In my opinion , it 's one of the greatest films on race relatons ever produced . Everyone living in the United States should watch this film , because its message is timeless.Many people have blasted this movie as being anti-white . Why ? Because a white man 's pizza shop gets burned to the ground at the end of the film . What 's interesting to note is the fact that the people who make such ridiculous claims fail to take into account that the looting and burning of the shop followed the murder of a black man by the NYPD , Sal 's non-chalant concern about this , and the fact that Sal pretty much brought the destruction of the shop upon himself with his `` so what '' attitude after Radio Raheem is killed.What I like about Do the Right Thing is it forces the viewer to show their true colors . What does the viewer attach more importance to - a white man 's money , or a black man 's life ? The viewer 's answer to this question will determine their attitude about this movie.Far too many people watch this movie with the mentality that they are watching a football game . In other words , the white characters are the `` hometown team '' and the black and Puerto Rican characters are `` the away team . '' By the end of the film , many viewers are down to cheering and rooting for `` their team '' to score a victory over `` the other team , '' that the end up missing the bigger picture.This film really makes a lot of viewers uncomfortable because Spike Lee does not present us with the typical liberal , multicultural baloney that we should just `` all hold hands '' and pretend to love one another . The reality has now set in that individual and institutional discrimination , along with prejudice , are so entrenched in American life that there is no easy way to undo this damage . The fact that this film pre-dated the L.A. riots by three years makes it all the more powerful.Ultimately , Do the Right Thing is a reflection and observation of American life , not a fantasy about how things should be in an ideal world . Those who are anti-black , anti-Latino , racist , prejudiced , or otherwise living in a fantasy land or just plain unaware of the magnitude of racial animosity in this country will most certainly condemn Do the Right Thing . Anyone that actually takes the time to move beyond their personal prejudices and examine the subtleties and numerous conflicting and seemingly-contradictory messages of this film will realize its powerful scream for racial understanding and reconciliation.Easily Spike 's best film . Even Roger Ebert has listed Do the Right Thing as one of the 100 most influential movies of all-time . Strongly recommended .
 I feel like the best way to contemplate the flim ` Do The Right Thing ' is to draw some kind of a flow chart - the prejudice runs so rampnt , and the lines of ignorance are actually so crafted that it is difficult to even rationalize some of the hatreds exhibited . There are the semi-prosperous Koreans . There are the very prosperous , and also minority , Italian Americans . There are the low key , feuding Puerto Ricans . There are the majority , belligerent Africans . There are the police . All these rivalries are replaced by unity only in hatred . How odd , that ignorance can unite ! How interesting a way to portray this , with the calculated destruction of the very soul of the town -LRB- the pizzeria -RRB- by the most wise and tolerant of them all . What Mookie - or , truly , SPike Lee - trying to establish by having someone so devoid of prejudice cast the first stone ? Perhaps Mookie believed that in order destroy the ignorance - or at leasst stifle it - he needed to bring it into full light . Or perhaps he was trying to cut his losses , and create unity by sacrificing the minority . Whatever the intentions of this topical , vibrant director , one can not help but come away with the film with a new perception of ignorance , and a new revulsion for it . His use of symbols is dramatic and well placed - the heat of the day with the urgency of the evil at hand , Radio Raheem -LRB- sp . -RRB- and his persistant , assaulting song , which is ultimately quelled -LRB- along with his life -RRB- , and the most obvious union of violence and peace in the picture of Dr. King and Malcolm X , carried around and coveted by a basically solitary and misunderstood man - perhaps a symbol of the black culture as a whole ? I enjoyed `` DO the Right THing ' for all of these things , and also for the simple humor and irony which undermines the entire film . In fact , it might be one of my favorites so far this year .
 Now that a few years have passed , it 's far too easy to forget what a groundbreaking film this was . Simply put , this is great film making ! Pay no attention to the naysayers . This film breaks barriers like we rarely ever get to see anymore and it 's exciting to watch it multiple times because with each successive viewing you see how Lee is blazing trails for another generation of writers and directors to follow . From the use of the ` Greek ' chorus to the incendiary ending to its honest and eloquent depiction of race relations in the crumbling infrastructure of the inner city , this film exceeds on so many levels , one truly marvels at it . Not many films have made me applaud in public for an absent film maker -- this is one of them .
 Spike Lee shows why he is one of the best , and most original story tellers in cinema . He develops each character beautifully . This movie takes your emotions on a roller coaster in dealing with the sensitive racial issues and makes you think . A masterpiece . Spike 's use of incredible `` crane '' camera shots gives unique perspective , and his choice of music which accentuates each scene and emotion is genius . A must see .
 Sizzling hot ! Music by Public Enemy , and a film by the great Spike Lee . And it 's all set in the middle of summer , on one of the hottest days ever -LRB- Spike would return to this theme again with `` Summer of Sam '' -RRB- , and with the coolest cast ever!Look here , string-cheese head motherf ** ker
 When it came out in 1989 , Do the Right Thing was a powerful look into racism issues that some feared would spark riots . I watched this recently as part of my quest to watch all movies on the AFI Top 100 Listings . I had already watched the full 100 movies from the original list , created in 1998 . Do the Right Thing was NOT on that list . However , when the AFI revoted in 2007 and added 23 new movies to their list , Do the Right Thing got brought on at spot # 96 . I had already watched 100 movies from the original list , plus another six of the 23 new ones , before reaching this movie . And what is fairly telling about the state of our movie industry is that EVERY movie up until this point was about white males . Sure , I suppose one could say that Snow White has a female lead , but that 's on the list for its technical animation skills . And as a side note , women who applied to join Disney at the time were REJECTED because `` Women do not do any of the creative work in connection with preparing the cartoons for the screen '' -LRB- text from an actual rejection letter -RRB- . So in any case with that exception the AFI `` worthy movies '' were ALL are about white males . I suppose one could say that Samuel L. Jackson appears in Pulp Fiction . Laurence Fishburne is in Apocalypse Now . But those are all stories about primarily white men , where they added in a black man or two . Certainly one might posit that there are more white men than black men , so more stories would be about them , but ALL of the stories?It is wonderful , therefore , to finally have a movie on the AFI Top 100 which presents a black male view . We are seeing the world of Mookie , a young black man who lives in a run down part of Brooklyn . Unlike many movies set in this type of area , this is n't about gangs or about drugs . It 's simply about people - a community who is trying to get through life as best it can . They have squabbles , they have friendships , and they have wildly different opinions on things . Part of the fascination of the movie is to hear all of the varying points of view and how the characters and lives intertwine.This one day in the life of Brooklyn is a pressure cooker of simmering heat . Issues which might have stayed under the surface on a quiet , wintry day are bubbling over . The blacks are annoyed with the Koreans for `` moving into their territory '' . The Hispanics and Blacks have turf wars . The Italians who run a local pizza joint are both supportive of the community as well as fairly racist . Everyone has fairly strong views about why their attitude is the right one.The ending of the movie is fairly controversial and part of what is fascinating is that different groups of people see the `` meaning '' of it from different angles . That right there helps to show just how powerful the racial , and perhaps the have-vs-have-not , divide still is in the world . We do not all have one reference point from which we see things . We have different points of view and the same scene can elicit very different emotions . It 's sort of like Rashomon where the exact same event is seen quite differently by different observers.I was quite moved by Do the Right Thing and spent hours researching it and discussing it once I 'd finished watching it . Which right there shows how powerful the movie was . There are few other movies on the AFI Top 100 which had me this fascinated.Like just about every movie made , the movie is fairly male-centric . We have three female characters , and they are fairly minor . They never talk with each other , only to the men around them.Yes , one could say that some of the characters are stereotypes , but that is true for just about any movie we watch . The Godfather would have us believe all Italians are part of the mafia . The Last Picture Show indicates that all small-town-Texas folk are sex maniacs . People picked on Fargo for its portrayal of residents of Minnesota / North Dakota . Movies use characters like these to help make a point . Spike Lee certainly made his.Highly recommended . To me the point of watching Do the Right Thing is not to come up with a `` final truth '' about what the characters did or should have done . It 's about the discussion surrounding the whole situation , and how it helps all of us learn more about each other 's views .
 I ordered this dvd for my son for his birthday . I ordered it late and did n't think it would arrive before his birthday . It did and it was in excellent condition . I love ordering from Amazon !
 Taylor FichtmanDo the Right Thing ResponseThe acclaimed film , Do the Right thing , is a series of juxtapositions of conflicting ideals and backgrounds . It attempts to become a microcosm of society , located on one Brooklyn street . The most notable of all dissimilarities and underlying conflict is the presence of different races in a primarily black neighborhood . The irony of the situation belongs to the fact that during this time blacks were still fighting against opposition , and yet they seem to show nothing greater than prejudice towards others . Although Sal 's Pizzeria provides much food and a safe social atmosphere for the community , most customers seem to only offer him rude remarks and stereotypical Italian slurs . Block citizens of all ages , seem to have no issue with continuously harassing the Korean family that owns the bodega that supplies them with almost all of their material needs . In fact , with the revolt that occurs at the closing of the movie , they are almost attacked for no reason other than the color of their skin . Spike Lee 's character Mookie , treats his Hispanic `` girlfriend '' and mother of his child as nothing more than an easy hook up , and even yells at her for talking too much Spanish in front of their child , and for naming him Hector . Also prominent , is the conflicting ideals of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X. Smiley walks around trying to sell a print of the only photo that exists with both black activists together ; however , it is evident that almost everybody is not interested in purchasing it . With exception to Smiley who might be the only `` love vs. hate '' neutral being in the film , everyone seems to have set views on how they wish to conquer injustice . Although due to Radio Raheem 's opposing rings that state `` love '' and `` hate '' and his attempted explanation to Mookie , he too resorts to violence at the end , and in return loses his own life . The closing quotes one from MLK and the other from Malcolm X , further instill the separation that exists between a community that seems to function well from the outside .
 This is the best movie I own feature wise it contain 's a commentery from spike lee and crew and the movie in a great new transfer , if you have bought criterion in the past and have been dissapointed in the quality of the transfer , I own only this and silence of the lamb 's so i dont know waht other are like but next to silence of the lamb 's which I was disapointed in this is great . But that is only the begining you get a second disc full of feature 's such as canne 's film premire with reporter 's question 's for spike and the cast , story board 's of the riot sequence although my dvd does not have a comparsion as sated here , plus rehersal footage and a hour documentry of spike revisting the film location . Regardless of your feeling on spike lee and even this movie it is still a must for any true film lover or someone intreased in pursueing a edcaution in film . If you have kid 's in collage majoring in film buy them this and let them see what a real filmaker can do with ambtion and talent and very little money .
 Spike Lee 's best of many great films he has helmed is also the best film ever made about race relations in this country . And much of it is very funny , too . From Rosie Perez ' frantic dancing to PE 's opening title music to the closing quotes from King and Malcolm X , every frame of this movie is unforgettable . And remember , extra cheese is two dollars !
 Spike Lee 's Do the Right Thing is a riveting look into the life of a multi-cultural block in New York City . The film 's theme song '' Fight the Power '' is the repeated point that reveals the true meaning behind the movie . Characters weave in and out of the film leaving the audience with a sense of knowledge and caring for each and every one of them . The hottest day in NYC serves as a colorful backdrop for the group of diverse characters . Lee 's portrayal of Mookie , a lazy pizza delivery man , allows the audience to follow his struggle to co-exist in the tense world . The climax and finale of the film is a heartstopping sequence that thrusts a multitude of hatred at the audience . The film leaves one in a slight state of shock and gets it 's point across very clearly .
 `` Do The Right Thing '' was the best movie of the 80 's . Spike did a wonderful job showing how differnt races relate to each other . He creates memorable characters that will never be forgotten ; like Mookie , Sal , Buggin ' Out , and Radio Raheem . This is the best movie Spike has ever made , and one of the best movies of the past century .
 This is seriously one of my all-time favorite movies.It 's set in late-1980s Bedford Stuyvesant , NY , and while the plot revolves around issues of Black and White racial tensions , it really has a more universal commentary -- not unlike the more rounded spectrum of 2005 's `` Crash . `` You take a country like the United States with it 's modern day de facto segregation , combine that with a pop culture that does just as much to confuse and misinform the masses about `` the others NOT from their neighborhoods '' and finally add all that to any hot , tense situation and what you get is this movie . `` Do The Right Thing '' tells the story of one long , hot day in a predominantly Black neighborhood where underlying and neglected racial tensions with whites and Asians surfaces in much the same manner 2005 's `` Crash '' brilliantly tried to portray.Just because whites , blacks , hispanics , latinos , asians , persians , puerto ricans all co-exist and live together in the U.S. does n't necessarily equate to equal opportunity , understanding and tolerance.Bubbling beneath the surface , as this movie attempts to make a point of , is misunderstanding , miscommunication , resentment and for some even hate.What happens when these kinds of emotions go unacknowledged and are suppressed rather than dealt with?If you 've seen `` Crash , '' you 've already got the answer.Particularly given what was to come in real life in the U.S. in the following years after `` Do the Right Thing '' 's 1989 release -- namely the racially-charged 1991-92 Rodney King beating and trial verdict , the 1994-95 OJ Simpson trial saga ... and to a lesser extent , polarizing criminal trials with Michael Jackson and Kobe Bryant , this movie bravely speaks on that undercurrent of intolerance that continues to exist b/c in our politically correct world , society would rather pretend issues of race are no longer problematic.This is n't your typical Hollywood-happy ending kind of movie.Not recommended viewing for viewers who want to laugh and have a good time.If you know Spike Lee 's work , you know he makes movies with purpose and his own personal social commentary.Expect `` Do The Right Thing '' to challenge individual perspectives on race relations and where this country is headed.Excellent movie for debates , sociological analysis and appreciation of great dramatic acting .
 After being less than enthused with Spike Lee films such as `` The 25th Hour '' and `` He Got Game '' , I was a little hesitant about watching `` Do the Right Thing '' . But after much encouragement , I decided to check it out ... I was not disappointed . This movie single-handedly changed the way I view the man . `` Do The Right Thing '' follows a day in the life of several colorful characters living in the hood during a heat wave . As you might have guessed , the cast is predominantly African American , but this film is different than all those other hood movies . Blacks are portrayed as being well-rounded and diverse instead of gun-toting drug users . The main character , Mookie , is n't perfect -LRB- he takes a shower and bangs his girlfriend when he 's supposed to be delivering pizzas -RRB- , but he 's still probably one of the better role models I 've seen in a hood movie.Something that gets mentioned often about this movie is the brilliant cinematography . Visually , Do the Right Thing is full of vibrant colors , which help to effectivly give an image of a heat wave . Overall , Do The Right Thing succeeds on a variety of different levels . The way Spike Lee can jump from drama to adding comedic elements is quite refreshing , and I particularly liked how this film shows that people of all colors and races can discriminate . In my opinion , this is the greatest thing Spike Lee has ever done , and I really wish he 'd continue making movies like this .
 Spike Lee is a genious because of how well he put this movietogether and on my movie list it is number 1 . This movie wasput together so well how the charecters , the setting , andthe whole movie were.To me I think it 's the best flick ever in mywhole life because I am a big fan of Spike Lee movies andI do not think that there was a movie just like this one.Plese watch this someday and I am sure you will think it ` sa classic of your whole life .
 I saw a video of Spike Lee 's DO THE RIGHT THING a few years ago and , I admit it , the movie did n't impress me then . And I never made the effort to give this movie a second chance . Until now . For days , I wondered why , among the thousands of great movies awaiting a DVD release , Criterion chose to present DO THE RIGHT THING , a film which is already available in this new standard . Now , I know ! Like in the classic tragedies , the action of DO THE RIGHT THING lasts one day and takes place in one and only decor , a street of New-York City . A stunning prologue - the initial credits - presents Rosie Perez dancing on Public Enemy 's '' Fight the Power '' . At this moment , you feel that the heat is on . Not only because of the temperature . When it 's too hot , people sleep less , become nervous and talk too much . For the worst.At first , the neighborhood protects itself against anybody new entering the Street . A car driver with his antique automobile , the new owner of one of the street 's mansion or the Korean couple in a freshly opened grocery have to defend themselves against agressive members of the Street community . Meanwhile , Radio Raheem , a character perfectly played by Bill Nunn , and two policemen observe quietly the heat growing up . But Raheem 's loud radio and the scornful eyes of the policemen already announce the final tragedy.At last , there is no community anymore , it 's race against race , colours against colours and brothers fighting brothers . When the night comes , the tragedy can end with the usual paroxysm of tension ending in the murder of one of the protagonists . In our classic tragedies , the tragic death of one of the main characters clears the dramatic situation but in DO THE RIGHT THING , nothing is solved after the death of the young boy . The tragedy has not ended . And it 's still not raining.Exceptional bonus features for a great movie.A DVD -LRB- 2 -RRB- for your library .
 Filmed around 1969 in post Antonioni 's -LRB- Blowup -RRB- Swinging London we have here the tale of brother and sister twins , brought to screen-life by Martin Potter -LRB- Fellini Satyricon -RRB- and Judy Geeson -LRB- 10 Rillington Place -RRB- along with a sterling British cast including Michael Redgrave , Freddie Jones , Mike Pratt and Peter Jeffrey providing characteristically able support . Directed with a sense of ambiguous poignancy by Alan Gibson , who fans of 70 's horror will recall from Crescendo , Dracula A.D. 1972 and The Satanic Rites Of Dracula . Goodbye Gemini benefits greatly for having Geoffrey Unsworth responsible for the cinematography , which one or two people may remember him as the D.P on a little known film - 2001
 Twins with an ambiguous past arrive on the late 60 ` s swinging London underground scene -LRB- something I have a weakness for , and plays an important role in determining whether you 'll enjoy this film or not -RRB- and get caught up with a dubious clan of characters , one of whom has an unpaid gambling debt . He 's trying to maintain a low profile while trying to shag the female twin and play Alpha male at the mod scenes and , of course , is n't successful at either.The male twin has a sexual penchant as well as a possible sexual past with his sister , which is why this flick is remotely interesting . Martin Potter -LRB- Fellini ` s ` Satyricon ' -RRB- steals every scene he 's in , and is the best reason to see this one . He also has too much involvement with the Alpha male and his seedy clansmen and women , and folks start getting murdered with the twins always being peripherally involved . Are they killers ? Are they insane ? You 'll have to watch for yourself.This is n't a horror film , per se , more like a British gaillo or murder mystery , but I found it interesting enough , although a bit dated , as we 've been desensitized thru the years since its release . Certainly deserving of a rental , but if you 're not a fan of the late 60 ` s scene , probably a drag , man , a real drag .
 For whatever reason my kids can not get enough of the show . Stunts gone wrong , high speed crashes and serious injury are set to cornball commentary . Having it available on the go is very convienent -LRB- they are downloaded to my Kindle Fire -RRB- . I 've also found they can watch the same episode dozens of times , so it 's turned into a pretty great value .
 Great I put this on my Kindle Fire and it was awesome . Looking forward to more for the movie and game are phenomenal
 Most people are not too keen watching old people -LRB- seniors -RRB- having sex ; if you can get past that , then you can relate to an emotional film about seniors in a sexual affair , and the consequences of the disturbing effects of a love affair . As in many foreign film , there is full frontal nudity , -LRB- male and female -RRB- and probably the most sexual scenes in a film portrayed by the aging . Surprisingly we have a rare peek into the sexual aspect of an affair of the aging.Inge is a seamstress in her mid 60s and has been married to Werner for 30 years ; he has helped raise her children to adults . When she repairs 76 year-old Karl 's clothes , a tender relationship begins , a sexual relationship . She is torn between a man who committed his life to her , loved her , her children , and for the man who she gets butterflies in her stomach . When she is with her new lover Karl , she has guilt on her face ; when she is with her husband , Werner , she has emotional and sexual feelings for Karl . It is like torn between the past and the future , the old and the new.There is no soundtrack in the film , and the only music one hears is from the interspersed clips of Inge at her senior ladies ' choir . The ranges of emotion are plenty here , and with minimal dialogue it is easy to interpret . It is all in the acting , the expressions , the feelings of love , lust , and the guilt that goes along with an affair.Inge continues the affair and shares the shocking information to her daughter . From then on , lives of those involved change . What would one do in a situation like this , how do you expect your partner of 30 years to react , and is this a fling , or will it continue as long as it can ? We are left without a few clues , but it is all in the face , the movements determine the storyline . Excellent moving performance by Ursula Werner who plays Inge.Director Andreas Dresen , director and writer has done many films in his career , includingWhiskey with VodkaandSummer in Berlin ... Rizzo
 I recently watched Cloud Nine with my husband and I was surprised at how deeply the film portrays `` the realness '' of relationships . I have never seen the intimate sexual lives of people much over 40 , let alone over 65 portrayed on film ! It was refreshing and painful in its honesty that you do not control who you love ... and that the feelings , both emotional and physical , never stop . The comfort that the actors feel in their own skins transmits to the viewer . We are all human and we all make mistakes , most of us do n't set out to deliberately hurt others , especially those we love and when we do , we live with the consequences as best we know how . The female lead is a wonder . I hope that I will have the courage and honesty to face my life 's continuing challenges in such a powerful way . I highly recommend this film for people who do n't need a lot of soft lighting and cosmetic fixes to enjoy a movie .
 Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune wrote , `` The heart is a riddle , and Cloud 9 deftly , wittily counts the ways . `` I had never heard of this film before I read about it in the introduction of the Seasoned Romance book . I 'm happy that I heard about it and even happier that I ordered it.I 've watched it three times , each time being turned on by the seasoned lovemaking , and each time wiping away tears at the end.I agree with other reviewers . I would n't mind being in bed with either Horst . I like that the director handles the intercourse and climaxes very tastefully , even sensually . Frankly , I would n't mind seeing a bit more of the male frontal nudity that you never seem to see in films featuring senior actors.And the ladies chorus scenes were `` glue '' that did n't always make sense , yet added to the heightened drama happening between the sheets and behind the scenes.It 's well worth watching regardless of your age , and especially for seniors .
 My wife and I are over 60 and we watched this movie with a great interest . Love making scenes are wonderful and not disturbing . This is -LRB- probably -RRB- the first time in the movie history the subject of a love affair after 65 has been depicted and shut as a fictional movie story.It is a good movie for the seniors population . And of course this is the European -LRB- German -RRB- movie . We , in United States consider this subject taboo , but do not worry , get this DVD and enjoy .
 It 's about time!For my money , CLOUD 9 is a breakthrough flick . For one of the first times I can remember , senior men and women have real emotions , face true-to-life conflicts , and make love with realism and passion.The nudity and sex are very natural , real , and warmly romantic.Ursula Werner is a gem and quite pretty as the every-woman character . Horst Rehberg is a fit and caring senior stud -- who would n't want to spend time with this hot , fit bod in the sack ? And Horst Westphal , as the lanky , hard-working husband , comes across as very seasoned in both life and lovemaking . In each sexual scene , Ursala 's character and both men had climaxes that seemed both low-key and very real , rather than the over-the-top pornographic laffers.The same person who recommended this motion picture suggested books such as SEXY AFTER 60 and SEASONED ROMANCE , along with CLOUD 9 . Thus far , this friend is batting 1.000 . I strongly recommend all three , as well!Just be aware that watching Cloud 9 or reading books like the ones I mentioned are sure to positively affect your imagination , motivation , and ultimately your sex life . What could be better ?
 I personally recommend this movie . It is real life , and thought provoking . For me , it was well worth the time and kudos to the makers and actors of this film .
 It 's unlikely that his 2009 German film about a 67-year-old woman in an extramarital sexual affair with a 76-year-old man will be everyone 's cup of tea . But even if you are young -LRB- up to 55 , say -RRB- and imagine that `` elders '' do n't have sex , this simply told love story might open up hopes for your future . A 78-year-old myself , I found it wonderfully affirming .
 I enjoy this movie of two seniors love making . Two normal people in love making and not afraid to be seen the way they look !! The German film did a very good job.I recommend this movie to any seniors enjoy older love making !!!! I would like to see more flims like this Cloud 9 !!! -LRB- Sub -RRB- .
 This is not your typical over love story that you might see Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie acting in . I was shocked that it was love affair about seniors . Very interesting and thought provoking . In the US , we are bombarded with sexy , young Hollywood actors . The characters are normal folks , living their everyday lives . I never think that seniors love and with that , they have physical and sexual needs - the need to be desired and held . As much as I believe the two having the affair loved each other , I could not sense the depth oh their love . I think parts of the movie could have been better explained - like how Inge with whom she had the affair , how she met him . Maybe their passion was not hot enough for my senses . Overall , I thought the movie was enjoyable and thought provoking , I just hated how it ended - leaves ya hanging , looking for more information .
 I actually just signed up for Amazon Prime to watch this movie . It 's a very nice movie , very different from most movies out there which is why I liked it . The ending was a bit sad , but still a very good movie ! I definitely recommend it !
 This movie is quite amazing in the way it handles a sexual affair between a woman in her late sixties and a man in his late 70 's . The love scenes are shown without gauzy lights and they are both fascinating and a little disturbing.The affair is really the centerpiece of the film . The woman has to decide whether to stay with her husband of 30 years who has grown old and boring but who has been loyal to her and a good stepfather to her daughter or to go with a more dashing lively fellow . The actress is wonderful . Since she is in almost every scene and we see so much of her -LRB- ! -RRB- she has to be marvelous to hold our attention.I subtract a star for the ending of the story . It felt like an easy copout and the very ending was a real letdown . Mostly this film 's value , I think , is the frankness and sensitivity with which it shows something that we are not used to seeing .
 Van Veeteren is a Swedish detective about to retire . At least I think the country is Sweden . Not much ismentioned except the town Maadom . Whatever , as the teens like to say . I have not read any ofthe novels , but the series is good stuff , if one episode is any judge.Van Veeteren seems to be an over powering man , whether it is with his family or with the policedepartment . He is retiring or has retired , it is very difficult to tell . Van is always involved with thepolice , on duty or off . As his convicted druggie son says to him , '' the prison psychologist tells meI went on the wrong path to get your attention . How am I doing ? '' on his way to a holiday with his son , he becomes involved in a crime of a beheading . With his years of experience and his expertise , he is able to uncover one clue after another . There comes a point when all the clues lead tonothing , and , this he calls the Borkmann 's Point . From his old boss he has learned that at this time , you need to regroup and start again . This seems to be the point of his life . Regroup and startagain . Where will this lead us , not known , but it seems like a Borkmann 's ride!Recommended . prisrob 07-16-12Woman with Birthmark -LRB- Vintage Crime/Black Lizard -RRB- The Inspector and Silence
 I read some of the reviews and almost chose not to watch this . I am glad that I did watch it . It was funny and very entertaining . The end was a little sappy but I would definitely watch it again and I recommend it to you . Both characters are likable and they have good chemistry together in the film .
 Having never seen the Korean version of this film , I ca n't tell anyone if it follows the same concept or plot.But , I do n't think you have to see the Korea version to enjoy this film . It 's touching , a little off beat , and leaves the viewer with a `` warm and fuzzy '' feeling.I bought this DVD as on impulse and I was very glad that I did . The atmosphere of the film is beautiful , the dialogue is fluid , and the actors do a good job portraying the characters they were given.The entire movie is portrayed as a fairy tale , and I think that at heart , that is what it is ... a nice light hearted film that makes you feel happy after you watch it .
 Movie i bought was in great condition . No scratches and the case was in great condition as well . Looked brand new . Would go with this seller again if i needed to .
 Would you be attracted to a seemingly bi-polar , erratic and extremely domineering young woman -LRB- Jordan -RRB- you met on a subway just as she was passing out in a drunken stupor ? Well you might if she looked like Elisha Cuthbert . That 's just what happened for conservative and highly motivated Charlie -LRB- Jesse Bradford -RRB- and from that moment on he would forever divide his life between the time before he met her and the time after.The '07 American remake of the Korean film of the same name , ` My Sassy Girl ' is an entertaining though inebriated love story that I like to refer to as ` Serendipity ' with alcohol . For the majority of the film the viewer will most likely find themselves in a state of confusion , yet fully intrigued and engaged in to film . You will wonder more than once exactly where the storyline is heading , so much so that the fate of the film depended on a really good ending to weave all the disparate , unanswered aspects of the tale into an acceptable conclusion . Fortunately , the ending does exactly that providing the audience with not only understanding but a bit of unexpected depth . Well worth the time and effort I would say .
 I 've read review after review comparing it to the original , well , I have n't seen the original , so those reviews mean nothing to me.What I can say is that we almost turned the movie off , finding it quirky and weird , not seeming to make sense in the beginning.By the end we were touched , the characters and the story brought us to tears ! I am going back to watch it again ... and believe me ... I do n't do that with many romantic comedies.Well acted , well done . Pick it up , watch it and love it !
 This is a very good movie , I loved , is so romantic , . i think is one of her best movies , wow !! great job .
 The original Korean version of `` My Sassy Girl '' was fantastic . This version was good and enjoyable.We thought it should have been picked up and distributed in the movie theatres.Good romantic movie .
 I didnt know what to expect . I didnt know there was a korean version.I didnt know I would want to see it again as soon as it ended , because i did , I really enjoyed this movie and it just kept me smiling andlaughing and very entertaining with interesting music that fit itwonderfully.If you have to compare this to other movies in its category then its areal winner .
 Elisha Cuthbert stars as Jordan Roark and Jesse Bradford as Charlie Bellows , two apparently mismatched New Yorkers who randomly meet on a subway platform.The packaging and parts of the movie stylistically say `` romantic comedy . '' And there are funny parts , but not based on the now common gross gags or sexual double entendre . But the humor is not the core of the movie . Charlie Bellows is a typical romantic comedy straight man , so it 's easy to see where viewers might be misled . Jordan Roark is not the typical inhabitant of a romantic comedy . In fact she 's the mystery . What makes her so volatile and emotionally dangerous but compelling?The movie was deeper than I expected with a real reward at the end . I could n't take my eyes off of Elisha Cuthbert . The story builds somewhat slowly but the nuance is there in Elisha 's characterization to explain everything in retrospect . I found her compelling . There was no mystery why Jesse 's Charlie Bellows fell in love , despite the Elisha 's manic behavior as Jordan.It was n't the romantic comedy I expected , but it was a rewarding , surprising and oddly compelling drama by the end . I 've rewatched it several times and found additional subtlety , emotion and meaning each time . My Sassy Girl was much better than anticipated , and perhaps expectations play a role.Those viewers that saw the original Korean version have vastly different expectations and apparently wanted the same movie in English , and did n't get it . Those that want and need a light romantic comedy would also be disappointed . If you 're willing to ride along and let the movie develop on its own merits , there 's more meaning and drama than meets the eye in the first half of the film.Recommended.My Sassy Girl
 This is just an awesome romantic comedy . Elisha Cuthbert is gorgeous and does an amazing job . Movie is heartfelt and at no point is it corny . Love the characters and how everything plays out . Just perfect ! : - -RRB-
 First off , let me say that I 've not seen the Korean version , so I 'm not going to make any comparison . I was living in Vietnam when the original movie came out -LRB- some time in 2002 -RRB- , and it was a mega-mega hit there . So , it 's understandable if some people are not satisfied with the remake.That out of the way , I have to say that this is an excellent movie . I do n't see this one so much like a `` drama marketing as a comedy '' . It is sort of a funny romantic movie . I think the director did a good job of keeping the spirit of the original movie . I 'm not Korean , but a Vietnamese . I understand the Asian mindset . I do n't know how different the two are , but the story in general is very very Asian , at least in my opinion . I 'd not go too much on the romantic side and focus on the funny side.The `` romantic '' comedy was great ! I 'll explain it . I do n't like movies are too predictable . This one is definitely not . The movie kept me on edge during the `` 1 year after '' sequence at the tree . When I saw they bury letters under the tree and decide to meet 1 year later , I thought of it as a classic tragedy in romantic movie . You know , like one character will be there , reads the letter and finds one his loved one had some terrible illness -LRB- most often some kind of cancer -RRB- . All that character can do is to sit there with nostalgia because his lover is already dead.Well , they got me there . I do n't want to spoil the movie , so go ahead and watch it . I came from crying -LRB- they were such a great couple -RRB- to laughing out really loud.Anyway , enjoy the movie ! I also recommend you to watch it the second time to pick up the nuances you probably overlook the first time you see it . The ending connects all those clues.Oh , one more thing . Elisha Cuthbert is gorgeous ! To be honest , I decided to watch this movie because of her name . I ca n't keep my eyes off her . I 'm not surprise Charlie felt in love with her at first sight . She is simply gorgeous !
 A very warm and enigmatic romantic comedy that magically explores issues of destiny in love , grief and healing from having lost a partner you loved dearly . Thoroughly enjoyable !
 In the market for a romantic comedy , and adoring Elisha Cuthbert , I snagged this used at Blockbuster . I quickly realized it was more drama than comedy . But like the lead male character Charlie -LRB- winningly played by Jesse Bradford -RRB- , I wanted to see what Jordan was about - and `` how the story ends '' . While some found the ending contrived , I did n't see it coming - although the hint was there , if you were looking for it . Guys , the chicks will LOVE this movie . And it reminded me of how I too used to yearn for finding that kind of romance in life . Keep the kleenex handy - and not just for the girl watching this with you . It does get a little long , but it 's worth the wait in the end .
 This was a great movie ! It 's one of those stories that will have you scratching your head through most of the movie because of the characters actions , but everything will come together at the end in a moment of clarity and you 'll see why they did what they did.The acting was great . Elisha Cuthbert is a very underrated actress . If she gets some more high-profile roles she could really become a standout . Jesse Bradford was also great at playing the timid guy going for a ride.Overall 5/5 and very recommended .
 Witty , entertaining , and clever -- I loved this film . I thought the art direction and overall editting was top notch , and the story was wonderful.It was devoid of stupid humor , which seems to be all the rage nowadays . That does n't mean it was n't funny , though!Some moments of the movie brought tears to my eyes , and some moments had me laughing . All the moments in between were n't in the slightest way boring , either . I 'm real picky about movies , especially those considered to be romantic comedy . This one is very well done.I 'll be watching the original version tonight , and I 'll see how they both compare . Till then though , this has got to be one of my favorite films of the summer -- right there with Penelope and Charlie Bartlett .
 Had seen this movie before and love it . Wanted my own copy . A very light hearted romantic comedy . Kinda dumb but cute and entertaining . Elisha Cuthbert is cute and keeps you guessing what dumb thing is coming next . He loves her from the start and never gives up on her . Good movie .
 Never saw the original . Do n't care.I watched this movie like 4 or 5 times on a cruise to the Carribean last week ... and I loved it ... and I 'm a guy.Its a great vehicle for Cuthbert , allowing her to act and not be just another pretty Maxim magazine pinup . She dominates the screen ... and the male lead is subdued enough to allow her to intoxicate his world with what at first appears to be her Free Spirit wild-child ways.Those that ca n't stand her Bi-polar-ish actions ... need to hang in there , ALL will be revealed . The character of Jordan Roark is much deeper than that of spoiled little rich girl . My wife could n't hardly stand the character and was ready to give up on the movie ... but I told her `` Trust me , you 're going to like the ending . '' For guys , Elisha Cuthbert is so beautiful and spunky and so full of life ... well , what 's not to love?There are not one ... but TWO payoffs at the end for those that do stick with it , Jordan 's story ... and one really great kiss . After you learn Jordan 's story ... you 'll want to go back and watch the movie again and pick up all the little nuances of the movie that make a second watching much more enjoyable.One superb quality to this movie is that its actually pretty clean , , , and would make an excellent first date type movie for a young couple . I would n't mind watching this one with the kids either , only a small bit of bad language
 I have never seen the Korean movie to compare the 2 , but I thought this version was wonderful . Albeit a tad slow in the beginning , it picks up right after that . Elisha Cuthbert is wonderful in this , the star of the movie . I was never a huge fan of hers until watching her in this , she shines . The story is powerful and well acted . I thought that this movie had a bit of everything ... can make you laugh , make you sad and make you happy . I would definitely recommend seeing it . I am very happy to have it as part of my movie collection .
 This movie was excellent , very charming and entertaining with great acting and directing.Elisha Cuthbert is PHENOMENAL in this !!!! If you are already a fan of hers then this should be a definite dvd purchase for you . This role is perfect for her and she plays it brilliantly . She 's hilarious and very likeable in this and her antics are incredibly amusing . Easily , one of my favorite movie characters ever.The guy in this was very good and had chemistry with Cuthbert which was important to this movie working.Writing and directing , top notch . This movie never had a dull moment . I was constantly engaged and entertained , and there were a ton of laughs , mostly provided by Elisha Cuthbert . This movie had an awesome visual style , very pleasing to look at , with some particularly impressive shots throughout.This is the kind of movie that I will be able to watch over and over again , so a dvd purchase is a must in my case . I really hope this movie catches on and more people give it a shot , because it 's definitely one of my favorite films .
 This is a quirky , left of center indy comedy . It centers on Anora , an Oklahoma housewife who lives in a dream world fantasizing over a perfect husband , perfect marriage and perfect family that is at odds with her reality . Her husband 's a jerk , her marriage is a mockery and her kids are screwed up beyond all possible belief.She gets a new neighbor , Imogene , who sells a Mary Kay type line of cosmetics . Imogene is upbeat , friendly and black which does n't bode well with Anora 's husband or kids . But she 's the only person in Anora 's life that pays her any attention and shows her any kindness . The two end up falling for each other and during a sexual interlude Anora 's husband -LRB- drunk -RRB- comes in and goes bananas . He pulls a gun but things go wrong and he 's the the one who ends up getting shot by Anora . The two women dump his body in the trunk of Imogene 's car . Anora grabs her two kids and they all head to Savannah , where Imogene 's boss lives , to dispose of the body . It 's a shortish road trip but all come to new understandings in their lives.This is pretty light stuff . It 's shot on the cheap but looks good to the point of not being detrimental to the viewing experience . The only actors recognizable to me were Anora , played by Laura Harring and her husband played by Oded Fehr . The production , overall , is even handed . Most of the performances are pretty good and it 's dotted with some quirky animation sprung from the doodlings of Anora 's daughter.The writing is really what makes this worthwhile . It IS quirky . A lot of unexpected things happen and everything moves a brisk pace . It clocks in at an hour twenty five so you wo n't sit there looking at your watch . The performances match the quirkiness of the script . Harring particularly seemed to understand her part and the tone of the movie . For my money she hits it dead on . It 's a shame she does n't get more work.These kinds of movies are not for everyone , but those who really enjoy film in all its varied forms , should have a good time with this . It wo n't change your life but it 's a nice vacation to an unexpected destination .
 Made on a budget , but was entertaining . I especially liked the thirteen year old boy who was a ` queen ' in the making . Not a long movie , but was a pleasant way to spend a little over an hour .
 ` Drool ' was a good little film of its ' type , an ` independent ' and shot on a shoestring budget . Laura Harring has a certain sweetness as mousy , downtrodden and abused housewife Anora Fleece , Jill Marie Jones turns the rather formulaic sassy black woman into something a bit special , and Oded Fehr plays both the misogynistic racist wife beater , Cheb Fleece who is sexually abused by his male boss -LRB- but keeps it a dirty little secret -RRB- and the ` fantasy man ' Anora dreams of . Credit where it 's due , Fehr injects a subtle note of sympathy into the monstrous husband , and gives a nice little comedic flip to the hunky Harlequin hero . The actress who played ` Kathy K ' did less well , largely because hers is another sassy black mama role , so all she could do was parody it . ` Drool ' is a film that works on many levels , even though it is touted as a gay comedy , it 's never preachy , the writing was good , and the idea of using illustrations to convey teen Tabitha 's secret feelings was a neat twist . If the film had one flaw , it 's that the theme of ` home is ' did n't work that well , and I would like to have seen more exploration of the idea that violence/abuse is self perpetuating - Cheb is abused by his boss , and in turn beats his wife and she lashes out at the children - but this was largely overlooked in favour of the feelgood factor . That 's a minor quibble though , on the whole it was one of the best independents I have seen .
 picked at random from my netflix.com queue so i was n't expecting much and was pleasantly surprised . Everyone needs a little Emma in their lives .
 I enjoyed this movie but I was hesitant to watch it all the way through . It may be an acquired taste but if you give it a chance you 'll find it funny , crazy , and heart-warming . The relationship between Imogene and Anora is great and they have wonderful chemistry . By the way I have see this movie 8 times , that 's how much I like it .
 I almost did n't watch this movie after the first few minutes because the kids were so snotty to their mother and the beginning was totally heterosexual . But I hung in there and was rewarded with a rather silly but likeable , feel-good movie .
 VCI Entertainment presents `` TRIGGER TOM '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- -LRB- 57 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- -- relive those thrilling days when Tom Tyler took us down the dusty trails with hard riding and straight shooting hitting the bull 's eye with excitement every time ... the Tom Tyler series of B-Westerns were a staple of Saturday matinees in the 1930s and 1940s ... do n't miss any of the Tom Tyler features loaded with action that will leave you wanting more of his B-Western adventures.Under Harry S. Webb -LRB- Director -RRB- , Bernard B. Ray -LRB- Producer -RRB- , Harry S. Webb -LRB- Associate Producer -RRB- , George Cory Franklin -LRB- novel The Swimming Herd -RRB- , Tom Gibson -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- , Pliny Goodfriend -LRB- Cinematographer -RRB- , William Austin -LRB- Editor -RRB- ------ the cast includes Tom Tyler -LRB- Tom Hunter -RRB- , Al St. John -LRB- Stub Macy -RRB- , William Gould -LRB- Mose Jeckyl -RRB- , John Elliott -LRB- Nord Jergensen -RRB- , Bernadene Hayes -LRB- Dorothy Jergensen -RRB- , Bud Osborne -LRB- Scarface Taylor -RRB- , Lloyd Ingraham -LRB- Sheriff Pop Slater -RRB- , Wally Wales -LRB- Sam Slater -RRB- , Budd Buster -LRB- Sam Hall -RRB- ... . our story and hero Tom Tyler is in the cattle buying mood ... but will Tom be able to buck William Gould and Sheriff Lloyd Ingraham who are keeping all newcomers out of the circle ... maybe John Elliott and his daughter Bernadene Hayes will help , but there is plenty of action ahead for Tyler as this is one of his best oaters to date ------ another great B-Western for Tom Tyler under the Poverty Row Picture banner , proves to be one of his most exciting performances.Special footnote , actor Tom Tyler -LRB- nee Vincent Markowski -RRB- born into a Polish-American family in 1903 ... Tyler had a long career in film , stretching from the 1920s to the 1950s , and appeared in many films , most of them westerns such as John Ford 's `` Stagecoach '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- as Luke Plummer and `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- . Cpl. Mike Quayne , Leader of Paradise River Patrol ... The biggest part of Tyler 's career was spent making B-movie westerns , however . Tyler also notably portrayed the Fawcett Comics superhero `` Captain Marvel '' in the 1941 film serial `` The Adventures of Captain Marvel '' , which was the first film adaptation of a superhero in history . In 1940 , he was the Mummy in `` The Mummy 's Hand '' ; Lon Chaney , Jr. took over the role and played it in three sequels ... `` The Phantom '' , starring Tom Tyler.In 1943 , he played another superhero , in the highly successful `` The Phantom '' , based on Lee Falk 's famous comic strip ... Tyler was beset by rheumatoid arthritis in the later part of his career , and was limited to occasional supporting roles often for director John Ford , for whom he had worked in a number of films prior to his illness ... passed away at the age of 50 in 1954 due to heart failure.Check out other Tom Tyler titles available on VHS from VCI :1 . BORN TO BATTLE2 . BROTHERS OF THE WEST3 . CHEYENNE RIDES AGAIN4 . COYOTE TRAILS5 . DEADWOOD PASS6 . FEUD OF THE TRAIL7 . FIGHTING HERO8 . FORTY-NINERS9 . LARAMIE KID10 . MYSTERY RANCH11 . ORPHAN OF THE PECOS12 . PHANTOM OF THE WEST13 . PHANTOM , THE14 . RIDIN ' ON15 . RIDIN ' THRU16 . RIO RATTLER17 . RIP ROARIN ' BUCKAROO18 . ROAMIN ' WILD19 . SANTA FE BOUND20 . SILVER BULLET21 . TERROR OF THE PLAINS22 . TRACY RIDES23 . TRIGGER TOM24 . UNCONQUERED BANDIT25 . WHEN A MAN RIDES ALONESPECIAL FEATURES : BIOS :1 . Tom Tyler -LRB- aka
 I loved this film ! Especially interesting is the look at ` Graceland Too ' and the astounding lengths that some people have gone to preserve the memory of a true original , Elvis Presley .
 Julia Child 's advice for the good life was `` Find something you 're passionate about and keep relentlessly interested in it '' . Well here are eight stories about people 's passion for Elvis and each one is interesting . If you 're looking for some new gossip about Elvis 's eating habits get yourself a cheap magazine . But if you want to meet some interesting people with fascinating stories see this documentary . The producers found a wide variety of Elvis 's fans , friends , associates and colleagues . Then they skillfully interviewed them and let each one tell their own story . The stories are woven together with still pictures , news footage , original music and comments from Memphis personalities . The filming and editing keeps the stories moving and keeps the viewer engaged . In case the movie leaves you wanting more check out the additional features that include 45 minutes of expanded interviews and photography . Well done .
 `` Altered by '' is a much different experience than what Elvis fans and collectors are used to getting in a documentary about the King . This is a hilarious portrait of a handful of the King 's lesser known servants , jesters , princes and paupers living in the wake of one of America 's greatest performers . I thoroughly enjoyed it .
 A great mix of interviews with those closest to the king and unique fans whose lives have been dedicated to Elvis . Entertaining in every way , be sure to see this one .
 I felt as though I was literally walking the steps of Elvis 's life as this documentary tore through Graceland ... amazing interviews with the heart and sould of Elvis 's fans and those that knew him well !!
 Full of great characters with vibrant passions . If you love colorful documentaries , it 's a treat ; if you love Elvis , it 's a feast .
 Great film with so many fantastic personalities ... A blast to watch , with really captivating stories of how a legend could alter so many lives !
 This is a great doc . Different from other things I have seen about eElvis . I have watched it several times and get something new each time.LW
 this is a great independent doc in the spirit of errol morris - great characters telling their own stories . i loved this movie .
 The movie based on Ruth Gordon 's girlhood and yearning to become an actress is exquisitely realized by Jean Simmons ' beautiful performance . The great Spencer Tracy plays her crusty father and the underrated Teresa Wright , her mother . Anthony Perkins in a very early role , provides the handsome but lanky love interest . The semi comic-tragic determination to realize her dream , is the core of the movie with father Tracy , an ex-seaman vehemently opposing daughter Simmons at every turn.This is not a movie that will raise the roof through action or suspense , but rather a very fine character study . Audiences enraptured by the recently deceased Ms. Simmons were mainly enthralled with her stunning beauty , overlooking her remarkable talent as one of our finest actresses . No matter how poor the material she worked with , she managed to rise above the most trite scripts and inadequate characterizations with ease , turning a poor movie into a personal triumph.First time on DVD , this beautifully scripted/directed black and white flick is a must see for classic movie goers and lovers of fine acting . It 's all here complete with crackling chemistry between the two leads . The young Simmons was in real life , married to much older fellow actor , Stewart Granger the first of her two husbands . Granger had a daughter close to Miss Simmons ' age . `` The Actress '' is part of Warner 's fabulous `` Archives '' collection featuring many great movies on DVD for the first time . The majority of our greatest actors have sadly parted , and movie lovers will never find equals that will fit the bill . An original can never be replaced , only mimicked . The disc is a bit pricey , but film aficionados will will find this a most welcome addition to their movie collection . Hollywood does not make great movies like `` The Actress ' anymore nor produce tremendous talents like Tracy and Simmons , which is all the more reason for purchasing this DVD .
 I just love Spencer Tracy . He was certainly one of the best actors of his generation -LRB- possibly the best -RRB- and his career is no joke ; he was fantastic in nearly everything . ` The Actress ' is no exception . In fact , this may be one of his finest moments . He is heartfelt and paternal , with an obvious lean towards controlling and authoritative , but he is surprisingly light and funny . All of those assets culminate in a charming and completely mesmerizing star turn that etches yet another notch on his glorious belt of big screen accomplishments . Tracy aside , ` The Actress ' is certainly admirable . It is n't as profound or as outstanding as a whole as it is in parts , but it is engaging and entertaining and contains a few stellar performances outside of Tracy 's ; in particular Jean Simmons . She really captures the spunk and tenacity needed to sell her character ; a young a vivacious ` child ' who is endeared to the stage and consumed with a lust for the limelight . Simmons really pulls this off without a hitch . The film stumbles a little in its inclusion of the clich&eacute;d love story , but Perkins ' screen debut is worth it -LRB- I really wish that his career were regarded as more than a single performance , because he really was a true talent -RRB- . At the end of the day , this film lives and breathes with two stunning lead turns , but it is more than that . It is a nicely constructed tale of ones love for their craft -LRB- written by Ruth Gordon as a semi-autobiographical account of her own beginnings -RRB- but it is also a beautifully rendered account of one man 's love for his daughter and the steps he must make in order to show that said love .
 ... or even an occasional fan . I 'd never seen any of his many films until I watched his first `` Wall Street '' just a month ago . Then , through the kindness of amazon , I bought myself a 14-CD box of sorrow and pity . If I were prone to nightmares , I 'd have Oliver Stone to blame after watching `` Born on the Fourth of July '' , `` Platoon '' , and now , closest to home , `` Salvador '' . The film depicts two of the most notorious crimes of the Salvadoran Civil War , both in 1980
 What a moving drama full of engaging characters -- sordid , but engaging ! While some of the politics may be handled ham-handedly , Woods manages to introduce moments of comedy , a very human comedy , in a story that is wrought with despair.He plays a journalist whose days of glory have long begun to wane , and with his wife having left him , he is now at the end of his tether for that one good project to get him out of his corner . An article about the sordid goings-on in El Salvadore could very well be that project , so he heads out for there.He is not alone though in his journey . Belushi provides much of the movie 's comic relief and is a riot as the kvetching drug-and-booze soaked friend Dr. Rock , who unwittingly comes along for Woods ' ride from San Francisco to El Salvador -LRB- he thinks they 're going to Guatamala -RRB- , and finds himself being brutalized by Salvadoran military , police , infected by the water -LRB- and the `` professional '' women -RRB- , generally having a rough time of it.The politically charged screenplay is somewhat clumsily delivered -- with the bumbling passion of a college radical a little too full of himself . The action speaks for itself , dead bodies everywhere , the American military hovering nearby constantly . And just in case we do n't get it , the characters lecture us with familiar left vs. right themes , crow with indignation , and denounce the military characters , who are one-dimensional and disgusting . U.S. involvement is simplified far too much . As things stand , we have very little idea of what sort of El Salvadore culture was actually at stake , the movie does a lean job of providing a backdrop to all the mishap and political intrigue.When that clarity does come about eventually , the movie leaves you with a great sense of energy , particularly from Woods ' character . `` Salvador '' , like JFK or Patton , remains one of my favorite high-octane human dramas of all time.A proud DVD for anyone 's collections , if only for the memorably pithy quotes , or the brilliant moments of photo journalism shown -LRB- it 's not easy shooting mass riots , live -RRB- or quite simply the most inspired performance of Woods ' career !
 SALVADOR is a VERY fine film , showing a broad range of drama , emotion , humor , and exposure of American foreign policy . An extremely valuable feature of the DVD release is the documentary on the making of the film which is indepth , and provides much detailed information on the making of the film , and the factual events that were the basis for the film . The interviews with the actual US Ambassador to El Salvador , who was portrayed by actor Michael Murphy in the film , are in incredible testimony to the validity of the film as a historical record . I 'm very glad to have this DVD in my personal collection .
 Ok , so this is n't oliver stone 's masterpiece . There are holes all over this thing . The timing of events , the clumsy way he tries to get his message across . Some of the characters are almost wooden , put there just to fill in the pieces . Stone 's objective obviously is to tell the viewer about the terrible human rights situation in el salvador so americans realize they were funding the murder of innocent people . He uses the then , recent historical events of that country to make his point . The murders of arch bisop romero , the killing of the 5 american church women ect . Stone makes his point somewhat but feels he has to interject some dialogue in certain places to make it clear just in case he is not getting through to the viewer . There is one scene where boyle -LRB- woods -RRB- basically summarizes the entire objective.So , what makes this movie worth 5 stars ? This movie is incredibly energetic and unique . It would be an easy cliche to make the central character , boyle -LRB- woods -RRB- , some sort of hero , a white american avenger who wants to save el salvador 's people . No , boyle is a lowlife who has lost his journalistic credentials , his wife and son and ca n't keep his head out of a bottle of booze . Doyle is self serving . He 's not there to help el salvadoran 's but to rectify his own lost opportunities . So he hears about the explosive situation down there and decides to go . James belusi plays the fired disc jockey who reluctantly heads south with boyle not having a clue what he is getting into . When he begins to have reservations boyle tells him about all the cheap women and booze down there . Now i ca n't imagine what driving from san francisco to el salvador would be like but it does n't matter because in a couple of minutes they arrive at the salvadoran border and all hell breaks loose . From that moment on the movie is non stop action as people are dropping like flies.The james woods character alone makes this a 4 * movie . This is his finest role and i believe , his finest performance and that is saying a lot . This is a character that is almost killed and castrated so many times he 's like die hard . Despite this there are several incredibly funny moments . The woods character is so amusing it 's hard to take him serious when he gets preachy about the violence around him . The james belushi character is similar . He wants to get the hell out of there but does n't have any money so he makes the most of it by drinking and picking up whores.One thing i did n't like about this movie was the depiction of the revolutionaries . Wood 's character and a photographer friend played nicely by john savage , get permission to follow and report on the guerillas . Stone depicts these revolutionaries like they were hippies living in some commune.Overall this is a very powerful and entertaining film . Truly different . All the performances are good but it is james woods who steals the show . He should have won an oscar for this . Buy this one and also buy romero . Two great movies about the same general topic from two different perspectives ... socks ... socks
 Central America is a region of small countries that specialize in growing bananas , mangos , papayas and other fruit for export to the US market . To protect the interests of companies like United Fruit , the US has often intervened in the affairs of those countries to ensure that Americans can buy cheap fruit.El Salvador is one of the smallest countries in Central America . Neighboring Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua and Costa Rica are giants in comparison . This means that there is little land available for farming by campesinos . In 1980 a war broke out in El Salvador between the army and the landless peasants in a dispute over land . The war continued until 1992 , when a peace treaty was signed.The best introduction to the war in El Salvador is Oliver Stone 's film Salvador with James Woods and Jim Belushi . Stone tells it like the nightmare it was , including the brutal murder of innocent peasants by the depraved military and right wing death squads , thanks to the generosity of our Congress and President Ronald Reagan , who funded them with billions of our tax dollars . Tiny El Salvador was one of largest recipients of US foreign aid in the eighties.I also recommend two recent films on El Salvador
 I think it is a good movie , unfortunately was n't filmed in El Salvador and the accent and words that Salvadorans do n't use are in the film , but I really liked the movie ...
 I saw this movie on video a year or two after it was released back in the late eighties . It 's an excellent film on several levels . The plot is incredibly intense and will definitely hold your attention . The central character , played by James Woods , is complex , enigmatic , and incredibly driven . While the movie exposes the horrific crimes against humanity that were committed by a U.S.-backed regime , it retains it 's narrative integrity and never strays over the line into a heavy-handed mouthpiece of ideology . I highly recommend this movie , but be warned that it does contain scenes of graphic violence .
 Decent film that gives a good sense of the violence perpetuated by the U.S. backed death squads -LRB- a.k.a. `` freedom fighters '' -RRB- in El Salvador . This is an early Oliver Stone film and I believe it was nominated for a least one academy award . Like in Missing -LRB- about Chile -RRB- , we get the story of a free-lance journalist . It also incorporates some of the major events of the time -LRB- i.e. the assassination of Archbishop Romero and the rape and murder of four American nuns -RRB- . I do n't give it five stars because one does not leave this film with a good undertanding of what was going on . However , as the film sparks the viewer 's curosity to find out more , it serves its purpose well .
 An excellent video . Shows how misguided our -LRB- US -RRB- priorities were in Latin America . I hope we have learned from our experiences . Probably not since we repeated them in Viet Nam , and Iraq .
 A very well made movie from Oliver Stone . Bonus is James Woods in one of the best roles of his career . Stone has authentically produced the real El Salvador of that time with lot of care . We feel the horror so much as if we ARE in Salvador . I would say , his images are as faithful as the recordings of Rick Boyle . The film , though may have little more sub-topics , essentially has been successful to portray the commitment of a photo-journalist and in the process , of a film maker as well . It is noteworthy how thoroughly Stone has captured Boyle 's life , mind , thoughts and works . All through the film , that a friendship survived in the face of a pure nightmare situation only adds another dimension to it . One of the best from Mr. Stone .
 Absolutely amazing performances by both James Woods and co-star Jim Belushi . Viewing this movie 23 years after its original release was , for me , as riveting and enjoyable as the first time . I have seen and enjoyed most of his performances and still believe this to be his finest . If you are a fan of his , do n't miss it ! So real , excellent photography , wonderful script , believable actors .
 This is hands down one of the rawest flicks that I 've seen in years . Its one of those rare IFC gems , that they throw at you from time to time . Anyone with even a remote interest in expanding your thoughts , and openning yourself up to the ways `` America 's Politically driven warfare ' '' affects other cultures should see this one . Its right up there with `` Munich '' , `` Seriona '' , & `` Animal Farm . '' ... A must see !
 Salvador is an early Oliver Stone film , which required overcoming many production hurdles , lying and cheating to complete filming , and committing fraud for additional money -LRB- all admitted by Stone in the commentary . -RRB- It was underrated during its brief theatrical release , although James Woods earned and deserved his Best Actor nomination as a press photographer who goes to El Salvador , accompanied by Jim Belushi , to make some money photographing the political mess and killings there , including the murder of nuns and a priest . -LRB- `` Romero '' is a movie about the priest -RRB- . Based on `` real events '' and `` real people '' like all Stone movies , some license has been taken , also as in all Stone movies.Political viewpoints aside , the movie pulls no punches in showing the atrocities of war . If you are squeamish about seeing dead bodies , burning bodies and bloody bodies , then you will have to look away on occasion . As in real life , there is some sex and swearing.The DVD extras , including Stone 's commentary , deleted scenes , and cast interviews and clips , are very interesting as well .
 Not unlike many of Oliver Stone 's achievements , Salvador is not only before its time but also one of his least known films . An intensely gripping drama set during the guerrilla uprising in El Salvador in the early 1980 's . James Woods plays Richard Boyle , an alcoholic , down-on-his-luck , freelance photographer , travels to El Salvador with friend Dr Rock -LRB- Belushi -RRB- . Boyle hopes to document the troubles arising and make some cash in doing so . Woods ' performance has been considered a little too rough around the edges for most critics ' liking , yet he actually toned down the character for the film -LRB- the real Richard Boyle co-wrote the script with Stone -RRB- , as he thought that people would find the character disagreeable . Stone 's direction is truly at its best . The limited budget , time frame and only his third full-length movie give the film the gritty , panicked edge it deserves and achieves . Stone as usual pulls no punches when it comes to portraying violence and contempt for political ignorance . Attacks on US policies pertaining to arms support in favour of the dictatorship , as opposed to the communist insurgents , are dealt with in a clear and concise manner . Not a film for the faint-hearted , `` Salvador '' is one of the first documentary style features that would later become inspiration for the likes of `` Welcome to Sarajevo '' and `` The Killing Fields '' .
 Finally , back in print!I 'll be honest and admit first thing that I 'm not a huge Oliver Stone fan . I rented this because James Woods is so entertaining in almost anything he 's in . I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the movie itself turned out to be pretty good , too . The movies I liked that Stone directed did n't have a big political message , like U-Turn , The Doors , and Natural Born Killers -LRB- ok , that last one was slightly political -RRB- The only overtly hit-you-over-the-head-with-the-message scene in this movie is one where Woods and Savage were taking photos of a huge amount of dead bodies in a dump , and there 's a subtitle saying `` Blah-blah , dumping ground for corpses killed by death squads '' -LRB- or something similar -RRB- Oh really ? Thanks for the explanation Mr. Stone , I would have thought they were at the zoo.I probably was n't supposed to find this movie as funny as I did , but God James Woods was so hilarious . It 's just his timing , or the way he says stuff -- for example , `` Hey man , where else can you get a 17-year old to -LRB- perform a sexual act that is unprintable here -RRB- for 7 dollars , man ? 7 ... dollars ! '' -- , or something , but he just totally steals the movie . He can just roll his eyes and I start cracking up . If it had a different actor in the starring role who was n't as entertaining , I doubt I would have bought a copy . He was definitely robbed of a Best Actor Oscar for this movie -- there 's a scene near the start of the movie where he is barreling down the street in his crappy car and gets pulled over , that made me laugh so hard I played it back for my husband . Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque . The scene in the confessional where he asks the priest if it would still be okay to take a few hits of a joint once in a while is priceless . If you 're a Woods fan , what are you waiting for ? Get a copy fast ! I ca n't imagine any other actor in the role , the other acting in the film is great , but he just acts circles around everyone else.Oh yeah , and the movie itself is great , very emotional . You do care about the characters , even the sleazy ones . The ending also was unpredictable , and there a several scary , very tense scenes . One more thing -- watch for John Doe of the punk band X in a small cameo as a restaurant owner-va va va voom !!! Recommended to Woods fans , Stone fans , or simply anyone who enjoys a good political thriller . Not recommended for kids , though .
 The Bottom Line : Salvador has a whole bunch of things wrong with it but the central character , as essayed by James Woods , is an absolutely fascinating character -- a journalist with the ethos of a lovable con man -- and the film manages to always be interesting even when its erratic pacing or on-again off-again plot threaten to sabotage the movie ; it 's not as polished as Oliver Stone 's other 1986 film -LRB- the one that won Best Picture -RRB- , but I guarantee the character of Richard Boyle will stay with you .3 / 4
 took me 3 days to watch it.this review requires 10 more words to finish , dont know if I have that much to say
 Sad scary movie about international politics . Amazing movie about the unbelievably brave and crazy photojournalists who put themselves in harm 's way to document those politics .
 An awesome movie portrayed the unseen side of photojournalists . Wood 's excellent performance really proclaimed the realistism of photojournalist 's life . Salvador is definitely a collection for photojournalists .
 For me Oliver Stone 's best production . A gripping , often frightening tale , laced with exceptional black humour and a real sense of indignation , this movie magnificently depicts a anarchic terrifying country on the edge of disintingration . Commited performances shine through and the pace and tension -LRB- not always at its best in Oliver stone 's work -RRB- is relentless . A classic .
 Salvador is a good example of political trife that goes on throughout the world . a great film from the journalist 's point of view . it also makes you wonder what journalists and photographers have to go through to bring a story to the world . . BRAVO ...
 The actor of `` Shine '' shines here . He is the astonishing journalist from a US mag who adventures into war torn corrupt Salvador . A world without good or evil , where opposites mix in a moving tour de force . A lesson for survival . You better hurry to see it . It is a must in your life time .
 I 'm not a huge Oliver Stone fan , I rented this because James Woods is so entertaining , but the movie itself was pretty good , too . The movies I liked that Stone directed did n't have a big political message , like U-Turn , The Doors , and Natural Born Killers -LRB- ok , that last one was slightly political -RRB- There was one scene in this where Woods and Savage were taking photos of a huge amount of dead bodies in a dump , and there 's a subtitle saying `` Blah-blah , dumping ground for corpses killed by death squads '' -LRB- or something similar -RRB- Oh really ? Thanks for the explanation Mr. Stone , I would have thought they were at the zoo . I probably was n't supposed to find this movie as funny as I did , but God James Woods was so funny . It 's just his timing , or the way he says stuff , or something , but he just totally steals the movie . If it had a different actor in the starring role who was n't as entertaining , I doubt I would have watched it so many times . He was definitely robbed of a Best Actor Oscar for this movie -- there 's a scene near the start of the movie where he is barreling down the street in his crappy car and gets pulled over , that made me laugh so hard I played it back for my husband . The scene in the confessional where he asks the priest if it would still be okay to take a few hits of a joint once in a while is priceless . If you 're a Woods fan , what are you waiting for ? Get a copy fast ! Oh yeah , and the movie itself is great , very emotional . You do care about the characters , even the sleazy ones . The ending also was unpredictable , and there a several scary , very tense scenes . One more thing -- watch for John Doe of the punk band X in a small cameo as a restraunt owner-va va voom !!!
 James Boyle , the journalist who actually lived this fascinating story , wrote this 1986 screenplay along with Oliver Stone , who also directed it . It takes place in El Salvador during in the early 1980s . War was raging and , depending upon which version you believe , it was either a Civil war against the military government or a potential communist takeover . People are being murdered every day and it 's an awful place to be.James Woods stars as James Boyle , a freelance journalist who had formerly been a reporter in Vietnam . His life in California is spinning out of control . He has no money , his wife has left him , and he craves the excitement of being where the action is . He and his disk jockey friend , Doctor Rock , played by James Belushi , drive down to El Salvador , drinking and drugging and spinning bad jokes all the way . At first it all seems like fun.Then reality hits . And the two friends are plunged into the violence . There 's one scene after another that made me cringe in horror . And yet , James Woods is quite a con man and keeps getting himself and his friend out of scrapes by his fast talking and former connections . He falls in love with a local woman , tells it like it is to the American Ambassador , and keeps getting into trouble . There 's lots of action and lots of people getting killed . And yet , it 's mainly about the personalities of the two lead characters . This adds a light touch to the horror that surrounds them.It 's a fast paced film without one dull moment . I could n't stop watching and wondering what would happen next . The DVD extras feature a long documentary about the making of the film . That was interesting background and added to my enjoyment although by then I was dozing off . During the actual film , however , falling asleep would have been impossible.Highly recommended .
 This is without question the best film that Oliver Stone has ever or will ever create . Same goes for James Woods and James Belushi 's performances . Stone does a marvelous job of introducing the viewer to the cultural and political changes as they drive south with Woods and Belushi in an old Mustang convertible . From that harrowing first moment that they have `` arrived '' in El Salvador , the film never lets up its intensity . Woods deserved a best actor Oscar for this role . A brave , poignant , and important film that manages to scare the hell out of you , entertain you , AND make you think . Welcome to El Salvador . Bravo!Regarding the Special Edition DVD , the extra features are EXCELLENT ! The `` making of '' of documentary was fascinating -LRB- if a tad vulgar -RRB- . Also , you will appreciate Woods ' performance all the more when you see how prudish he is in real life , and how much he despised the real life Richard Boyle -LRB- not to mention Oliver Stone -RRB- . A great value for these extra features .
 `` Salvador '' is a gritty , unrestrained trip into the chaos that is civil war , not just in the country it portrays , but civil war in any culture . It is Oliver Stone 's first major movie and it vibrates with the passion and vibrant drive seen in his later works . This movie is so powerful and effective precisely because it feels REAL . There are scenes that almost have a documentary feeling to them . The camera work by Robert Richardson is gritty and rich at the same time while the screenplay by Stone and the real Richard Boyle is filled with wild moments , powerful scenes and hilarious comic touches . The performances are grade-A . James Woods is wicked but with a touching heart in this performance , it 's probably his best . Jim Belushi is brilliantly funny . But `` Salvador '' aside from being a great entertainment , is also an important film document of the realities of war , of what happened in El Salvador and of the realities of what happened there . Like Stone 's Vietnam movies , `` Salvador '' opens the eyes and ears and mind to what really was going on . It is an effective movie about events that happen in little corners of the world .
 Watching this film of how El Salvador was torn apart from 1980-1992 is something not only Salvadoreans remember , but many people from different countries . Showing that in this particular Civil War there was really no good or bad side . A conflict of misunderstanding . For my parents and many Salvadoreans that migrated here to the United States , definitely the true meaning of trying to find a better life .
 Without a doubt , Oliver Stone 's masterpiece , ` Salvador , ' is a great piece of film-making . Gritty , raw , and unrelentless , it drags you into a grim miasma of savagery and forces you to face a truly shameful chapter in American foreign policy . 1980 , El Salvador . While Carter and Reagan slug it out for the keys to the world 's largest ` democracy , ' the wealthy elite of this Central American paradise realize their days of exploiting the have-nots are slowly eclipsing . With their CIA-trained advisors and Huey gunships , they embark on an all-out terror campaign to eliminate any opposition to their jack-booted oligarchy.Up in safe El Norte , washed-out photo-journalist Richard Boyle -LRB- James Woods -RRB- spends his time evading rent , staring at soiled diapers and hungering for renewal , when Salvador comes knocking at his door . With his ravaged Ford Mustang , Boyle persuades his best friend -LRB- James Belushi -RRB- to accompany him on his grand adventure . Cruising down the verdant spine of Central America , things start to wrong , DESPERATELY WRONG as the tequila-swilling losers cross into El Salvador . Burnt-out cars , charred bodies and straw-hatted thugs block their way . Boyle 's easy-living decadence gets a wake-up call . Here , there 's no guarantee you have 'll a tomorrow , much less a today . Boyle weasels himself out of danger by chumming with the head of the local death squad . Saved . But only momentarily , as Boyle and Co. sink deeper into the murderous quicksand that threatens to swallow them.With the help of his ex-lover , Boyle begins to find the meaning his life has been lacking of late . In fact , he slowly realizes the need for a ` salvation ' of sorts , when he reaffirms a childhood faith upon the urgings of his girlfriend . Yet , Boyle 's real salvation comes with his engagement in the bigger picture . Forced to take sides , he first tries to stop the mayhem his own government has sanctioned and then slowly learns that in war , everybody 's hands are bloody . Knowing that his film rolls are the only hope for change , he ditches his dreams of Pulitzer-glory and escapes north with lover and children in tow . Almost on the verge of death , Boyle scraps through to the land ` where you can do anything you want , ' only to be tragically robbed of that which has redeemed him.With ` Salvador , ' Stone has crafted an intricate political thriller where there are no easy answers . True to his colors , Stone deals his country an extremely shady hand in this film . With the exception of Boyle and his sidekick , the Americans portrayed in this film are nothing short of caricatures . With their coiffed blonde-hair , Don Ho shirts and cardigans , they scream of arrogant imperialism , blinded by fear , ` if Salvador falls , we 'll have tanks on Rio Grande ! ' and by pure greed . Over-the-top no doubt , but not without grounds , lest we forget Allende 's Chile . But Stone is no mere polemicist , he DOES show the murky complexity of things , the often-clouded demarcation between good and evil . For example , Uncle Sam-bashing Boyle gets his fanny saved by the very same US ambassador whom he chides earlier on . And while Stone gives a ridiculously idyllic portrait of the marxist guerillas as gentle Tao-spouting Che Guevara 's , he avoids outright idolatry by throwing light on their cruelties as well . ` Salvador ' will grip you by the senses and wo n't let you go . Although the sadism and rhetoric are sometimes hard to digest , we are nonetheless saved from total despair by the odd pop-ups of quirky humour , like Boyle at confession ... `` does this mean I can still smoke a couple of joints ? '' And above all , its James Wood 's performance that carries this film into the GREAT category . Mesmerizing with his high-pitched whine and ADD-like hyperactivity , Woods IS the archetypal Hunter S. Thompson gonzo-journalist ! Belushi provides sterling support as his Sancho Panza sidekick always looking for the pain-less way out.In a way , ` Salvador ' IS the modern Don Quixote story . With his lance replaced with a Nikon , Wood 's Boyle shows us the noble futility of thinking we alone are enough to save ourselves and others .
 Say what you will about Oliver Stone but one thing is certain
 An awesome , engaging , powerful movie . I loved it . James Woods was absolutely wonderful . There were many other actors who also gave great performances.I ca n't comment too much on this film because it seems to make people very angry . My husband watched it as well and he is originally from Ukraine -LRB- not `` the Ukraine '' as some folks say -RRB- . I think that people need more exposure to other countries and cultures and open their hearts and minds a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- and try to understand . I guess that 's just wistful thinking . I loved the movie . It was a damn good movie . My husband also enjoyed for the same reason . I 've seen it more than once . No matter what `` side '' you were or are on , there seems to be an element of truth there.If the story is going to make you angry , then do n't watch it ! If you can keep an open mind and watch it purely for entertainment value , then watch it and enjoy it!I might add that I really liked the DVD 's extras . After watching the film first time , I watched it again with the director 's commentary . I believe that there was also a documentary which I also enjoyed . Good insight into Central America .
 Just having re-discovered this film on DVD almost 10 years after I saw it for the first time , it was a pleasure to see that after so many years , its quality has n't degraded in the slightest.James Woods has cornered the market -LRB- as far as character actors go -RRB- on SLEAZY dirt merchants , but he 's also proven himself capable of going toe to toe with some of the best actors in Hollywood . Simply put , if you want James Woods , you 'll have to hire James Woods.Although the table-side speech by Boyle -LRB- Woods -RRB- is a bit of a soapboxing moment , the rest of the film is at times hilarious and terrifying to watch . If nothing else , Stone accurately captured the utter turmoil of a nation in the throes of a dictatorship.As for the extras , the commentary by Stone is quite good , but the documentary portion renders it pointless , for the most part . The deleted scenes make it QUITE clear exactly why they were cut from the finished print , but they could have been re-inserted without causing much damage to the storyline.One of the best films of all time , never mind the 80s . `` Platoon '' and `` Wall Street '' may represent the apex of Oliver Stone 's resume , but in my book , this one does n't suffer one bit in comparison .
 I was compelled to write this review after I read the two reviews written from the Salvadorean perspective claiming that this movie was essentially complete fiction . Although , I have n't seen this movie in several years I remember it being a griping and shocking account of events that are largely forgotten -LRB- or were even noticed back then -RRB- by average Americans . I wonder if the two Salvadorean reviewers have ever met or talked with Boyle , the journalist whose experience the movie is based , or if they were ever in the same places with Boyle during that time . Moreover , one of the key events depicted in the movie actually DID HAPPEN
 As I commented in my review of &#34; Under Fire &#34; , having lived and worked in Central America back in the 1970s , I am easily attracted to stories emanating from that part of the world . Like the characters in &#34; Under Fire &#34; , I also took an immediate interest in the adventures of the characters in &#34; Salvador &#34; .
 a real life look at reporting the news in a war zone.it 's pretty much non stop action.i 'm a big jim belushi fan , and i was suprised to see him in this type of movie.all the acting was very good.great buy .
 Oliver Stone had a great year in 1986 . He had two of his most critically acclaimed films picking up awards left and right , ultimately leading him to snagging his very first Directing Oscar -LRB- he won again in 1989 -RRB- for ` Platoon ' . Both of his films that year were politically arresting and violent pictures that exploited the chaos that dwells in the heart of life , and while ` Platoon ' went on to achieve fandom and become one of the decades most respected films , one should not downplay the impact that ` Salvador ' itself makes on the viewer . At times Stone can get lost in the chaos and his films in general can become a tad murky as he tries to establish his own consensus on a particular subject , but ` Salvador ' does a great job of meshing together the breakneck intensity and political controversy with a dry sarcasm that laces each scene . Woods and Belushi are a great team here . I 'm actually sad that Belushi did n't get an awards run with this , as he holds his own rather flawlessly beside Woods , who delivers a stunning performance . This true life account of photojournalist Richard Boyle and his escapades in war torn El Salvador is at one turn charming and at the next repulsive , and Stone finds a balance rests beautifully on the film 's core .
 `` Salvador '' is a powerful film made by director Oliver Stone , which was released in 1986 while the conflict still raged . With that in light , Stone 's statement about the slaughter during El Salvador 's civil war is very brave and probes deeply into the roots of the conflict . Stone 's main character is Richard Boyle , a real to life journalist who covered Vietnam and Cambodia before turning to El Salvador in 1980 , the first full year of the war which had spilled over the border from Nicaragua after the communist Sandanista government took power in 1979 -LRB- though unrest and revolt had gone back centuries in El Salvador and most of Latin America -RRB- . Boyle is a very interesting character ; he is a hardboiled combat photographer , yet his hard drinking and free wheeling attitude is more reminiscent of Hunter S. Thompson than a traditional like Ernie Pyle . He is in the process of being evicted when he decides to head down south from California to cover the war . In Boyle , Stone is able to portray both sides of the conflict through Boyle 's affiliation with the right wing militiary and the communist backed guerillas in the mountainous north of the country . This shows the difficult job of a journalist in a war zone , as they must cover both sides and move about the killing zone in an objecdtive fashion . Though Boyle would certainly be considered a left wing peacenik by some -LRB- the US Military and intelligence characters see him that way -RRB- , his courage in the face of death is admired by all sides . Boyle acts as a watchdog , monitoring US support of a genocial regime , yet also has their tacit protection . The tightrope walk that he acts is the most entertaining aspect of the movie as he states in a memorable scene that `` being a leftist does n't equate to communism in all circumstances '' . Though Stone usually looks at his movies from a left wing perspective , he is always able to show both sides of the story . US military officials say that Salvadoran dictators may be bad , but at least they are controlable . The Defense department officials are very wary of `` another Pol Pot '' coming to power and spreading commmunism throughout all of Latin America , `` leaving Cuban tanks on the Rio Grand . '' This fear of the domino theory is portrayed through believable American officials in the embassy who dislike Boyle 's politics , but respect his guts and his ability to bring objective information to the table . Boyle 's story mixes real to life events in a concise two hour film , such as the assasination of church officals and nuns and the rise of the `` Mano Blanco '' , though he changes the names and dates of some of the events , placing Boyle at the scene of the pivotal events of the Salvadoran war . A poweful film which adheres to fact based realism , the most important facet of any modern war movie .
 Oliver Stone at his best.According to Stone , the US spent vast fortunes helping the El Salvadorian oligarchy to suppress -LRB- or a better word might be slaughter -RRB- the El Salvadorian peasants . ` Salvador ' is a thoughtful depiction of the atrocities committed by the El Salvadorian oligarchy and the suffering endured by the peasants during the El Salvadorian civil war . Salvador 's script juxtaposes materialistic and self-involved dialogue -LRB- some of which was apparently improvised by the neurotic germophobe James Woods -RRB- throughout scenes that convey the bullying slaughter of unarmed peasants , women , men and children , young and old . Some of Woods and Belushi 's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque . According to literary theorists , this split between subject -LRB- in ` Salvador ' the slaughter of peasants -RRB- and tone -LRB- Woods and Belushi 's self-involved minutia -RRB- is a common technique in 20th century high art , a technique that makes the author appear more objective and not caught up with sentimentality . In ` Salvador ' , this ironic juxtaposition allows us to invent the rage at the US backed atrocities against the peasants ourselves , rather than having it forced down our throats.The film is even more valuable given its context . On the British version of the dvd ` Salvador ' , the El Salvadorian Civil War is discussed in a documentary called ` Into the Valley of Death ' . In particular on the documentary , the man who was US ambassador to El Salvador at the time of the slaughter , gives revelationary testimony of the US mainstream press 's suppression of the reports that told of the atrocities . This former US Ambassador to El Salvador seems to be a man of the utmost kindness and integrity and his reports are shocking . He asserts that several tens of thousands of peasants were slaughtered by the oligarchy . He verifies the genocidal self-interest of Reagan 's US government , and he verifies that the disturbing footage in the movie is based on the kind of events that he knew was common . He also states that every scene in ` Salvador ' accurately portrays the situation - every scene he says , except one , where his character in the movie is seen eventually capitulating to his US government colleagues.Even if you are already sceptical of US propaganda and self-righteous US governmental language like ` good versus evil ' and ` enemies of freedom ' , you will be shocked by what you see in the movie.Salvador will grip you .
 It is very interesting . Yes , it is adventure for him but it is not for me . I admired how he handled all of those scary situation . No wonder , he became hero and famous . I want to be alike him .
 While Oliver Stone 's 60 's - style `` hipness '' intrudes too much into the characters and situations , overall the film is a good and honest portrayal of the Nazi-like terror inflicted on this country by police and military beasts in human form . Having been associated with Amnesty International at this time I 'm well aware of the real people who were tortured , mutilated , raped , murdered , and `` disappeared '' in the name of `` Western Values . '' This film not only portrays the true face of El Salvador 's bloody and evil little civil war , but of the moral callousness of the US in funding this descent into hell . The US self-righteousness over Bosnia and Kosovo a decade or so later seems all the more incredible , as one watches American complicity with mass murder here .
 Una pelicula sumamente real , demuestra la cara de la moneda como debe ser exactamente lo que sucedio durante la guerra civil en El Salvador , actos sangrientos y realmente tristes , se puede ver en la pelicula escenas particularmente verdaderas de actos que sucedieron en El Salvador , espero la compren el actor hizo un maravilloso papel en este film.Que orgullo para los salvadorenos haber superado algo tan debastador como lo es una guerra civil .
 This is a story about the rape of a country and it 's people by foreign interests . El Salvador . This film is a rare glimpse at the truth in the politics of covert foreign government manipulation . It is an almost text book example of how the government of one country can manipulate and fund the creation and maintenance of a puppet government in another to serve it 's interests . All too often it is the innocent civilians of the country that loose this game . It is a gripping depiction of the tens of thousands of people that needlessly lost their lives or lost a member of family . In the light of recent events in this country I think we can all better appreciate the true significance and effect of events like these and we can better understand the frustration of people who are minding their own business only to be intruded upon by malignant forces out for self profit . To be pillaged and violated by a government simply because they do not have the means to defend themselves and so make an easy target . Do n't expect a massive Hollywood production -LRB- though the excellent cinematography and reality of the imagery did much to capture and describe the true sense of the time . In part due to the fact that it was mostly filmed in El Salvador and done so using the actual troops and their military hardware that still rule the country -RRB- . However the acting is very good and James woods is excellent at his role . It is a gripping movie and even more so when you consider that it is all based on fact . Even the documentary that associates the movie was extremely interesting to watch . I would thoroughly recommend this movie if you are interested in the truth of behind the scenes politics and the meddling of one country in another 's affairs and the devastation this can lead to .
 Oliver Stone released this film prior to his blockbuster , Platoon . Like many of his films , some of the truth tends to be exagerated . In real life , the murders of the 4 nuns took place during a rode block by the El Salvador National Guard , not a death squad , as was portrayed in the film . Despite the shortcoming , it 's the performance of James Woods -LRB- Oscar Nomination -RRB- and great dialogue that makes this movie work . In the end , this film is a powerful indictment of the US government and it 's policies to fund rouge nations . It shows we have n't learned anything from Vietnam .
 This was a great video for my first time doing yoga ! The instructor for very informative and gave a lot of tips !
 I was looking for a video to get me reacquainted with my long lost yoga practice . I did n't want to hit the studio and commit to an expensive class just yet , and this video at $ 2 ! was the perfect remedy . I thought the level was spot on for beginners and possibly beginner-intermediates . The pace was even and moved me enough to get a good sweat going . As with any new workout , whether in a class or video , there are moments of catch-up , but that 's what 's great about a video , you can rewind and start the section over . For those reviewers that said it moved to quickly I disagree , with any of the workout videos I 've done , whether kick boxing or yoga , I need to do it a couple times to get all the moves fluidly anyways . I noticed the narrator mentioned the website that this video came from and I checked it out to see if there were other videos I 'd like to try . I 'm so glad I did ! They have an entire library of videos , all different lengths and levels and for those reviewers that needed more instruction on specific postures , they have short videos on how to do each one ! There is also a section of live streaming classes from real studios , so there is always something new to try . I usually do n't write reviews on items I purchase , but this one video ended up being so much more than one class . I signed up for my free 2 weeks on the site and it 's only $ 10 a month after that , so cheap . I highly recommend this video and the website -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I think it 's a little advanced for true beginners . My husband does this DVD with me and I think he would have been a little lost doing It on his own . But the moves are great and we both feel very relaxed when we are done .
 I am a 29 year old who is fit and active but have never done much yoga . I 've heard about the health benefits but did n't want to go into a health club class or a yoga studio . This video was slow enough for me to get the basic moves down and surprisingly provided me a full body work out too . I feel really good every time I do it -LRB- 7 times now -RRB- and feel I learn something new each time . I would recommend this video to others looking to get into yoga in the privacy of their own home .
 This video -LRB- and the People Yoga series -RRB- is really fantastic . I found this easy to follow and keep up with and the work out was solid ; my heart got pumping . I 've done a bit of yoga this video series really sticks out as a great way to learn and practice .
 I am new to yoga and this video was really good . The instructor set me up for success and I feel great doing this video over and over again . I 've done it 6 times now and keep getting better each time I do it :--RRB- . I recommend this video to anyone looking to practice yoga .
 Having taken brick-and-mortar beginning yoga classes before -LRB- and then quit -- oops -RRB- , I found that I liked yoga , but would have liked it better if I had been better at it -LRB- had better balance , recognized the names of the poses , inhaled/exhaled at the right times , etc. -RRB- . What 's cool about this video is that the instructor guides you in every pose , describing what to do with just the right amount of detail , all the while lending a calming and encouraging presence that lets you know how to do it right for You , and at your own pace . It also integrates breathing exercises into the poses , which leaves you feeling very ... whole . Overall a nice workout that can be enjoyed repeatedly -- an excellent deal for the price !
 I 've found Peoples Yoga to be a daily practice for me . The instructors are well trained and the videos are professional . Since I travel quite a bit , it 's like having a personal yoga instructor with me wherever I go ! 5 stars and 2 thumbs up !
 I liked this video , and it 's very affordable on instant video , but even as someone who has some yoga classes under my belt , I had a very difficult time keeping up with the video . It moves very quickly with fast instructions , and some of the poses are NOT appropriate for brand new yogis -LRB- eagle pose -RRB- . I would recommend this video for someone who already knows some yoga basics . There are other videos with better -LRB- slower -RRB- instruction on each pose and what all parts of your body should be doing during poses . I felt this one just jumped too fast from one pose to another . The workout was great , but I want to make sure I 'm doing poses correctly , not just quickly .
 This is the perfect workout video for beginners who have a grasp of Sun Salutations but still need some corrective help . This video provides key advice for holding poses , squaring hips , making adjustments , and breathing all without stopping the flow . In other videos I have purchased I feel that either the instruction moves too fast with little helpful instruction or completely stops the flow in order to provide detailed instruction . This video is the perfect medium , where I feel I am receiving guidance , but also getting a thorough workout . Would recommend for a beginner or beginner approaching intermediate . For the record , I was able to get into crow pose during my first viewing of this video and I have never been able to , even with numerous attempts . I credit the instructor in this video for talking me through the steps , where no other instructor has been able to help me successfully complete this pose .
 As a newbie to Yoga , I wanted a video that jumped right in and taught me as I practiced the moves . There 's no fluff here . It 's very well taught by the instructor with the appropriate amount of detail so you know what to do -LRB- not too little and not too much -RRB- . The full routine is 50 minutes , and for me , once a week , works great . And I downloaded it to my kindle fire , so I can maneuver the screen as needed while I 'm doing it . For the price , you have a permanent yoga routine/class that is well worth the money .
 I 've been doing Pilates for years . I wanted to try something different . So I went for this Yoga video . I was not disappointed . My biggest beef -LRB- being a guy -RRB- is the overly medically enhanced women that show up in lots of fitness videos and instructors that go so fast you struggle to keep up with them . This has neither . It features both a guy and girl -LRB- neither of which that I can tell have been overly medically enhanced -RRB- and both regular and advanced moves . I was/am very pleasantly surprised at how well this was done !
 Excellent video for beginners or even intermediate users . The instructor is helpful in explaining the postures , and the flow of movements is enough to get a good head-to-toe workout while going at your own pace . There 's enough variety to repeat the video every day without tiring of the routine . I 've used this video for about a month for home practice in between classes . It 's a real bargain !
 The suitcase is the apex of this series . This one episode makes an already epic and amazing tale rise to balanced perfection . All of the submerged beauty of Don Draper and Peggy emerge at such an authentic level that heals all of their disparate parts . If the saying by Blake that nothing can be sole or whole until it has been rent be true , this episode makes it true . I wept for myself as I wept for them , rooting for wholeness to tip the balance over their shadow selves . Where will it go from here ? If the series continues from this point , nothing can top it !
 The true excitement and emotion in this movie comes in the first half as some of the siblings tell the story of how they found one another and learned about `` Donor 150 . '' It 's then interesting to see how differently the siblings feel regarding the knowledge that their biological father is a hippie living in a RV at Venice Beach . The movie continues to follow several of the siblings who decide to meet Jeffrey . I was relieved the film makers treated Jeffrey with a great deal of sensitivity and respect . It would have been easy to paint him in a much more negative light due to the way that he has chosen to live on the fringe of society and due to some of his personal issues ... instead they allow their footage and Jeffrey 's words to paint a balanced portrait of an interesting character . As a side note , it 's interesting to see how much gets passed on biologically ... not just physical traits but a number mannerisms , interests , and personality traits are shared among the siblings . I saw the trailer for this movie maybe a year or so ago and was sad it did n't get bigger release to include small indie theaters -LRB- at least none where I live -RRB- . I 'm thrilled it ended up here as an instant video and I finally got the chance to see it . For once a movie met all of my expectations ! If you enjoy docs , you have to see this !
 because they seem to be criticizing this movie for the wrong reasons . They are essentially criticizing the way sperm banks are portrayed -LRB- though this is solely based on one scene where one woman gives her opinion about how sperm bank records are handled -RRB- or the process of sperm donation itself -LRB- you might end up surprised at who the donor is -RRB- , which I do n't think is entirely fair given that this movie does n't appear to have an agenda and does n't go out of its way to sell a point of view or ideology.I am not , however , giving this movie 5 stars to compensate for their 3 . The moment the movie ended , I logged on with the intention of rating it as 5 stars.I thought it was a thought-provoking , touching documentary , brimming with interesting characters and entirely worth my time . I think you 'll feel the same way .
 I appreciated gaining insight of how donor siblings had the desire to meet one another and their donor father . It was interesting to hear how they struggled with similar feelings regarding their conception . Great documentary !
 It did n't sound like it would be a subject that I would be interested in but it was free with my Prime membership so I watched it.Several people in their early twenties seek out their biological father , as they were concieved through a sperm bank . They learn who their father is and track him down living at Venice Beach in a camper . He is an eccentric hippie , who in spite of being pretty far out there mentally is very kind and warm and happy to let his doner children into his life.These people were all nice . This was moving , seeing the yearning the children of this man had to find out what he was like . After some initial disappointment among some when learning he was basically a beach bum without a job or any home or direction in life they find he is still a decent person , likeable and open to them . He had donated sperm for about ten years and it was estimated that he was the biological father to at least fifty eight children.This was a moving story , well told . We see in it the love and desire to have a real family , and the developing closeness of half brothers and sisters.It shows there is a need to reach out to our genetic relatives which ca n't be ignored no matter the circumstances of our lives or how we got here .
 It makes you think about life itself . This donor is a free live person that has many kids as a result of this practice . He has agree to disclousure his information to `` his kids '' , and some of them went to meet him .
 Git Along Little Dogies , 1937 filmThe film begins with a song . Wyoming was great pastureland for cattle . `` Champion '' gets billing . Note the reference to taxes in Texas . An oil well can contaminate the streams so its unfit drink for man or beast . `` I do n't know how to change a tire . '' `` Bring the car to the radio station . '' Will finding oil benefit the community ? Smiley pays for lunch . The radio station is over the lunch room . -LSB- Who owns it ? -RSB- Later Doris Maxwell drives to deliver the payroll but is robbed . Gene Autry rides up and stops the robbers . We learn about the robbery plot . Banker Maxwell has a cash flow problem , and the bank examiner is coming soon . Will the shortage be explained by a robbery ? The townsmen chase the fleeing horses.If they strike oil the railroad will build a branch line and this will benefit the ranchers . Autry is kidnapped to keep him from the rancher 's meeting , bu he escapes in time . They do n't want the oil well ! But if it brings a railroad the ranchers wo n't take the losses of a long trail drive . The ranchers buy shares in the oil company . There is a sing-along for entertainment . Then comic relief . -LSB- The point is how a community can work together for their betterment . -RSB- Logan 's gang has new plans . The `` Cabin Kids '' sing a song . Autry sings again . Agents provoke the people against Autry . The Sheriff wants to arrest him , but he escapes ! They pursue to no avail.Autry finds Sam Brown , who tells him about the oil well . All they need is dynamite to bring the oil up . Autry is chased again and again . The dynamite is dropped down the shaft . There is more drama when Logan 's men show up for a fight scene . The explosion brings in a gusher . The bad guys will be sent away . The oil -LRB- black gold -RRB- will enrich the people . Happy days are here again!This western movie is an example of a `` horse opera '' with drama and singing as part of a story . The idea of a community getting rich must have been a dream for people in rural towns .
 This movie is about an irresponsible young couple , Dina -LRB- Miranda Bailey -RRB- and Ron -LRB- Waylon Payne -RRB- that live in their car with no means of support . When they find out they are knocked up , they see their unborn baby as a way to make money by selling it on the internet to a prospective couple ... Paul -LRB- Jeffery Donavan -RRB- and Maria -LRB- Leonor Varella -RRB- . They come together and things go well as until the baby 's biological father can keep his true nature under control . He gets angry and slaps his pregnant girlfriend which makes the adoptive father question whether or not they are making the right choice with this adoption . It is from this point that things start beginning to take twists and turns . You may be able to predict how the movie is going to end , but the trip to the end is an enjoyable one . The actors deliver well enough and the plot has enough turns to keep people guessing . There 's enough gore to keep the spatter crowd entertained , and some depth for those of us who like to look in to film a little more deeply . All in all , definitely worth your time .
 I watched Hindsight solely to see Jeffrey Donovan 's performance . He was great , as always . Overall , the movie was n't as good as I was expecting . There were a few twists in the story that kept it from being overly predictable , but I would n't say it 's one of the most well-developed plots . It 's not a bad film ; it 's worth at least a rent .
 A little indie that was competently directed by Ryan Combs . With mostly solid talent in front of the camera King of the Avenue is a low budget , eerie , violent , and dreamy little work of art . The Story is not a new one , but the direction , Faustian story , and characterizations are all top notch . The story is of a young boy who was adopted by his mother 's boyfriend , a notorious gangster , after she died . He grew up in an environment of violence and feels it is his destiny to continue the legacy of his father . It echos familiar movies such as Boys in the hood , or Menace to Society , but has a unique take on the formula . The budget is the real restriction on this movie because you get the feeling Combs wanted it to be more , just had to deal with what he got ... he chooses his shots well , and the editing helps to create what is missing in terms of budget.Without a doubt though , this movie is carried by the actors . Simon Rex is fun to watch and hits the spot with his portrayal of a white urban male trying to live up to modern urban masculine mythology and manifesting his own destiny through terror and violence with no regard of it 's over all impact . Ving Rames in a dual role took me awhile to warm up to , but he delivers . Acted in an unassuming and brutal manner he brings the nightmares behind the dreams of success to a sudden reality . Esai Morales makes a quick cameo as the prince of darkness , he does well but lack of budget shows in the overall product . Erick Nathan as Cal was the hip break out unknown for me . His delivery is sharp and believable , a major support for an overall solid cast.An overall indictment of greed and blind determination this film comes at you in expected ways and then turns you on your head . A bloody story of ambition , greed , love , lust , betrayal , and the other asskickeries of movie making . King of the Avenue is a smooth and sexy , yet violent and dreadful urban fairytale that should not be missed .
 I at first thought that oh another kill or be killed drug dealer film well I was half right this movie is about battles amoungst dealers but with a twist . Vin Rhames plays the dead father of the lead character who comes back from the dead at Satans request as a demon , and brings death and destruction to those who are in the game to gain leadership of the trade . The film is okay a little above adverage what makes this movie a four star is Vin Rhames performance as the demon at times he comes off as eerie well acted .
 I saw this film called Dirty Kopz a few years back when someone let me borrow the tape . I thought that it was serious , low-budget and not made well - but it turned out to be an underground classic to me ! It as funny , but somewhat serious , but the comedy did not knock you in the head , it just came at you when you least expected it to.With that , I was looking for more ! I assume that the guy who made Dirty Kopz -LRB- Ryan Combs -RRB- also made this one too . Seems like it the way this plays out except that the budget is higher -LRB- by low budget standards -RRB- . This is about a guy who wants to be the `` king of the avenue '' at any cost and makes a deal with the devil . I will not give it away , but in the end the film has a good messege after all of the carnage . I like the way the comedy comes into play with the film . It never says that it is a comedy , but it slaps you in the face when it comes ! This is funnier than most comedies ! It is not as funy as Dirty Kopz , but it is similar.I reccomend that everyone pick this up if nothing else then to see it . These are wild movies but you do n't walk away disappointed - unless you were expecting Lawrence of Arabia !
 my brother bought a used copy at wal mart and I decided to borrow it despite him saying it was stupid . It is n't . It 's actually real funny and entertaining .
 At first , I thought it is another B-movie about horny , out of control , college kids experiencing life . Well , it is , except , it is not a B-movie , and it is funny ! The not well-known cast of 100 Women adds to the movie . There are no stereotypes about the characters only about the story.A very bright and likable student is on a mission to find a girl he met in a blackout . His problem ; he does n't know who she is or what she looks like ! He leaves no stone unturned in his effort to find that girl , the girl of his dreams . In the process , a co-ed friend talks him into cross-dressing to understand what a women experience . This experience actually helps him mature in a college way , and develops respect for women realizing how men can be so primitive . Shame on males for being so primitive acting the way they do ! Like we needed another movie to confirm what we already know . 100 Women is another movie about college kids experiencing their liberation from parents . However , this movie unlike similar movies works . 100 Women is worth watching . There are many memorable one-liners will keep you laughing . This movie is worthy of it R rating and parental guidance is strongly advised .
 This movie `` 100 Women '' is by the maker of `` 100 girls '' but they are two separate movies . Each are realistic in their depiction of a young man seeking genuine love & sex but this movie is about Sam who 's a dexterity-challenged art student having the worst day of his life when a streak of fate & a gust of wind blows Hope -LRB- a young woman -RRB- across his path . Hope cheers him up - restoring his faith in life . The next time the Sam meets Hope-she 's living in a woman 's residence & is irreversibly depressed . Sam embarks on a mission to restore her zest for life . Along the way , Sam finds the smile he 's been looking for in the last place he thought he would ever find it . Chad Donella , Erinn Bartlett , Jennifer Morrison , Clint Howard , Steve Monroe . By the Writers & directors of '' 8 days a Week '' & '' 100 Girls '' . It 's a Sexy-Sexual Romantic Comedy with a love for love & a love for life & a Male 's View of Loving Women and loving A woman .
 First of all , I 've been a fan of Chad Donella for some while now , and the main reason I saw this movie was basically because he was in it . At the beginning of the movie , I saw some sexual things , and I thought it was going to be one of those over-the-top teen movies about sex and nudity . It may be very sexual -LRB- and some of the things seem incredibly stupid -RRB- , but in the progress of the film , you see Sam , an art student , in his quest to find out why his friend Hope `` lost her smile , '' -LRB- and seems obssesed by it -RRB- , how he finds love somewhere he never imagined . It 's a cute and somewhat unique love story , but the teen-ish essence is notable in some parts.It 's definitely NOT for the young . It has crude sexual humor and brief nudity .
 Like it has been said before in other reviews , the movie `` 100 Women '' has nothing to do with the movie `` 100 Girls . '' They are written and directed by the same person , but that is all that really links the movies together . There are a lot of things about this movie that make it one of the best unknown comedies around . The cast of characters is a relatively small and unknown one , however everyone in the movie plays their parts perfectly . My hat goes off to LGF for once again bringing us one of the best comedies around.The movie follows Sam , who 's an art student who is in despair over his favorite teacher telling him that he has no hope of being an artist . Sam is all but ready to give up his dream , until a young woman named Hope comes across his path one day , and decides to cheer him up . The two instantly hit it off , and Hope writes her phone number on Sam 's hand . Unfortunately it is raining and the number gets washed off . Sam then has to find Hope again . When he finally does encounter her , there 's something far different about her personality . She 's not the genial girl he met in the road , and now he is determined to help her `` get her smile back '' . Along the way Sam ends up finding love in the last place he would have expected to . Just like `` 100 Girls '' there 's plenty of memorable dirty jokes and scenes and gags -LRB- including an epic snot shooting battle , a burping fight , a chinese finger trap gone wrong , and a girl who uses her pager for something totally different than you would think -RRB- , and the cast is very likeable . There 's also a lot of social commentary on our society and our stereotypes . These are meld together to make one of the best underground comedies I 've seen in quite sometime.This is highly recommended for anyone who was a fan of `` 100 girls '' or `` 8 Days A week '' , or anyone who is into romantic comedies , who can be as soft as they are dirty . All in all I think most will find themselves satisfied by the viewing experience , and maybe even find one of their newest favorite movies . While I still prefer `` 100 Girls '' -LRB- but then again I probably always will -RRB- that does n't detract anything from this movie . Snag a copy today and start enjoying the laughs right away .
 well , at least 10.100 Women I think is a follow up to 100 Girls which was a movie I loved and when I heard this was somewhat a sequl , I threw it over the counter of Blockbuster.So this guy loses his girlfriend and is having a bad day and he meets this chick who was fun , exciting and made him laugh -LRB- got ta love a women who just takes her bra off to make a sling shot to fling rocks at the guys ex girlfriends window . . whoops , spoiler ... euh , sue me -RRB- And after they have spent the eveing having fun , she gives him her phone number and she goes home . But the guy loses the phone number on behalf of the rain ... so he decides to become a delivery boy in hopes he will find her . -LRB- hey , its what you and I would do , right ? -RRB- And eventualy he finds his fair maiden ... only something happend and shes all depressed and doesnt wana know him . So he bugs her everyday and then accidently falls in love with her best friend and then then the end wasnt qiet what I thought it shoudl be , but heh , what can you do?The movie is funny , sweet & romantic but not overdone in that mushy way , its done so that even the guys will enjoy this film ... unless your a neanderthol who beleives Rambo is the most romantic movie ever.The humor is great , original -LRB- i think -RRB- and moves along nicely I thought.Give it a rent at least , it 's not gonnah kill you .
 After a REALLY bad day , boy meets girl and they have an instant spark . Due to a `` climate intervention '' , boy loses girl 's phone number . Eventually boy finds girl but she is miserable and he must find out what is wrong and make her happy again . In the process , he comes across girl # 2 and he must make a choice.A young , unknown Jennifer Morrison -LRB- House , MD -RRB- alone makes this worth watching !
 vhs tpae was defely great movie . I thought the moviewas exlent . I would recomend to any one that likethis typ of movie to order one because it would be worthit .
 I love this movie ! Definitely captures your attention and breath for the entire thing . If you want excitement w/o all the fancy special effects of today 's movies , with an excellent story line , this is a wonderful movie to watch .
 The featurette did the tale justice . I love to try to understand `` how 'd they do that ! '' in a lot of movies that have a lot of fantastical action . If you want to understand how they did some of the great stunts in the film , the featurette is the way to go .
 The Taking of Pelham 123 is an exciting flick that allows the viewer to completely emerge oneself in an action and psychologically packed drama of the NYC subway system for pure entertainment . The movie provides a Great two hour Escape from reality . Highly recommended by this viewer .
 If you can handle reality of getting your things repossessed cuz you ca n't handle payment , imagine what it would be like for your insides ! AT that , its legal ! Fun movie .
 I 'd only seen the ending when I bought this , but I really like Forest Whitaker and Jude Law . I enjoyed seeing the whole movie and I 'm really glad that I added it to my Blu ray collection .
 Man this movie does a good job at taking you on a ride with a thrilling conclusion at the end . This movie has a feel that this could actually happen in the future . The premise is basically a company called Union basically controls everything -LRB- Government , police , etc -RRB- and they give body parts to people who need them and allows you to make a `` good '' payment plan that fits to your needs . -LRB- Yeah these organs cost in excess of 600K -RRB- . If you do n't make payments for over three months they come after you and are allowed to cut you open and repossesses those organs.The story takes that idea and you follow a pair of repo men doing their `` job '' and have known each other for years . The wife of one of them wants him to go to sales because she does n't like him being out late -LRB- Typical movie wife , controlling , married to him for a long time and all of a sudden she has a problem , blah blah blah -RRB- and it goes from there . While I love the whole repo men story , the wife thing got annoying fast.The gore is great , and in the unrated version of the movie it 's so over the top it 's great . With a premise of cutting people open and taking their organs , you have to have it be believable and they pull it off . This takes place in the future , but it 's a not too far off future . It 's quite interesting the places they put ads like in an elementary school -LRB- `` Get Jacked '' soda -RRB- , or a on a side of a building a commercial for a mattress -LRB- sleeping with the customer with the phrase '' we will leave you satisfied with your purchase -RRB- A commentary is provided with the special features , and it 's actually quite funny . Along with that they provide the commercials you see all around the city , deleted scenes with commentary , and how they did some CG scenes with commentary.If you like a thriller , that has a lot of gore , than go for this . The ending is one one of the best endings I have seen in a movie and it 's worth to watch it just for that . ~ Writing
 I have not had the strength to read all reviews on this one but I read a dozen . I am surprised that out of those one no one reacted to the fact that the main characters in this film are actually paid killers . They are no different from all those who `` only followed orders '' in the Third Reich and killed millions . We follow these two `` heroes '' and there is almost no reaction in the film to this horrible fact . Would anyone have accepted a film about two concentration camp guards that filled the ovens with innocent people and joked about it ? Not to mention that the film ends for them with a happy ending?Having said that and if you can live with this the film is actually rather good . As a huge Sf fan I found this one to be one of the better Sf films released in recent years . The Acting was good , the plot interesting and even if the ending was expected early it had a nice twist.Still , it leaves a bad aftertaste when you think about it .
 If you do not mind weird , or even embrace it , then Repo Men is for you . This film long pre-dated the repoman and bounty hunter reality shows that we now have , but it gave a foretaste of that . However , the film producers also injected social commentary , flying saucers , the NSA , the CIA , NASA , etc etc in a patchwork quilt melange of a movie which either works for you as a heady drama and a black comedy , OR it does n't . Just remember I warned you ... if you want a conventional film then rent a Rocky 19 or something to that effect . If you have a bottle of Cuervo Gold or something more interesting , you might want this film .
 This movie makes a great Twilight Zone or Outer Limit movie . Great Sci Fi down to earth story about the society . It would be even better if they could make the story even darker . The only problem is that I do n't understand how Jude Law turns from the bad guy to be the good guy in the middle of the movie . Something must be edited out.The DVD comes with some mock up TV commercials that is fun to watch.Pretty good movie especially if you like Twilight Zone .
 Really ... . Repo !
 Once you get past the faulty notion of legitimate medical business practices that include the murder of clients who do n't pay their bills , the movie is enjoyable as a tense science fiction action film about corporate greed , legalized assassination , the line of moral rectitude , and a man with no conscience slowly discovering that life needs a conscience . Remy , -LRB- played by Jude Law -RRB- is struggling with his family life , which makes perfect sense since he has virtually no conscience and murders people to reposess highly expensive artifical organs , by cutting them out of living client 's bodies , on a commission basis . When the tables are turned on him , he understands the nightmare his job has made of a lot of people 's lives . I 'm not exactly satisfied with the ending , but ... , it was a twist that I did n't expect ... , and it was a good enough twist to make it work . Since I was very entertained by this movie from beginning to end , I have to recommend it . The disk worked very well , audio and video were pefect . - Mike Silverman
 While Jude Law is at the top of his game here , he would not succeed without the understated elegant acting of Forest Whitaker who gives a nuanced performance as his partner cum-opponent . Similarly , Alice Braga serves as a good cathartic foil to draw out Jude 's conflicted emotions about the savage nature of his job . Finally , Liev Schreiber does a perfect job of playing the soulless corporate boss.I did not feel any political agendas in this movie . A few lines like `` no one ever gets out '' were true when referring to either the debt collection system of artificial organs or the American healthcare system in particular , but that 's not political , that 's just life.The movie had a good visual tone . It felt like a Philip K. Dick novel with a little bit of 28 days thrown in . Aside from that , I really liked the tricked out VW hatchback coupe the Repo men drive and need to get one . Good movie .
 The movie has some farfetched story lines , but I think it was more about the camaraderie and friendship between two colleagues .
 I remember seeing the previous trailer for this movie and it peaked absolutely no interest . Then one day I happen to be very bored channel surfing and happened to leave it on Cinemax by chance . This movie had just started and i glimpsed through the first 15 minutes doing chores around the house . After those fifteen minutes I was sitting watching every second . This is one of those Gems that failed to get traction with the broad American audience.The stylized future setting , action scenes were top notch and the social commentary going to an extreme level of relevant issues facing this country in regards to health care . Though an extreme level , a level that can certainly be achieved given the current political winds . It struck me that Arizona has already lost several dozen people as they were cut off from funding for their transplants . Also stunning is how HMO 's can become even more powerful corporations with plans to turn healthcare exclusively to the private sector which could very well go to this extreme.If you do n't find interest in the social ramifications and relevance of todays isues , at the very least you will enjoy the action sequences and truly awesome soundtrack . Highly recommend this GEM . Ca n't believe I let this one slip away from me .
 NOT a `` family '' movie ! Nor for the squeamish.I watched this while eating dinner , and surgery does n't really go that well with food . However , if you 're jaded like me , well ... it 's like a test.This is just fiction , possibly a `` guy film '' , and is what some movies are intended to be
 ok a little slow maybe a little poorly put together and ok maybe this was a collage of at least 6 other movies but man that ending was done quite stylishly and now i feel good about so there ya go , worth seeing
 Set in the future , Remy -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- and Jake -LRB- Forest Whitaker -RRB- have a job to `` die for '' . They repossess body parts when the clients/patients are unable to pay . Inflating prices and increased interest rates -LRB- they work for a large company whose bottom line is cold hard cash -RRB- have made the organ transplant business quite profitable.Childhood friends , Remy and Jake seem to enjoy their work -LRB- repossessing body parts without anesthesia -RRB- , and go thru life kicking butt and taking body parts back . When Remy undergoes a life changing accident , he soon finds himself on the wrong side of a repo when he can no longer afford to pay for his new heart . Rejected by his wife , avoiding a greedy boss and eager co-workers , falling in love with a woman -LRB- who is more new parts than original -RRB- , Remy runs for his life and hopes to bring the company down.Overall , I think RepoMen provided an interesting premise with a satisfying conclusion . There were startling revelations -LRB- that in the scheme of things made sense -RRB- and twists and turns at every turn . The music and scenery were riveting and to be honest I loved the futuristic story that analyzed loyalty , friendship and duty . I was extremely entertained and would rate this movie , a 4 to a 4 .
 I really enjoyed this movie the directing was sharp as well as the script and the story telling.The ending was unexpected . I highly recommend this movie.Michael Ewell
 Being summarily clobbered by movie-goers and critics alike , REPO MEN will obviously not be for everyone . But it will be a great movie for the right person , and I was obviously one of those `` right '' people.So who is this movie directed at and why ? Well , it 's a combination of a smart espionage thriller in a science fiction setting , with a little comedy thrown in for good measure . This might sound like a recipe for disaster , but it is anything but . But is it right for you ? That 's a tough call . If you 're in the medical field and are concerned about healthcare insurance , it will definitely pique your interest . If you enjoyed such films asKill BillandBringing Out the Dead , this will be right up your alley.So why did I rate the film so high ? Let 's look at it for a minute ... It 's topical without being `` in your face . '' It never tells you to believe that private insurance carriers are `` bad '' and simply shows us a ridiculous possible future where organs are built in factories and everyone who needs a pancreas , a liver , an ear , or whatever , can get one ... for a price . The Union is run by an unscrupulous business man named Frank -LRB- Liev Schreiber , Defiance -RRB- . He 's basically a used car salesman trying to get you to sign on the dotted line for organs you desperately need . But make sure you do n't miss any payments after you 've gotten your new kidney . Why ? Because if you do n't pay the exorbitant prices and interest rates , your organ will be repossessed . Oh yes , even if it 's your heart . How will you survive without it ? You wo n't . Remy -LRB- Jude Law , Closer -RRB- and Jake -LRB- Forest Whitaker , Where the Wild Things Are -RRB- are two of these Repo Men and they 're very good at their jobs . With surgical precision , they can track and excise overdue organ owners with gory efficiency . But when Remy is forced to get a new heart and begins falling behind on payments , he begins to see the other side of his previous life.This sounds like a pretty straightforward premise . A sort of Darth Vader understanding where his son was coming from plot . And that is only partially true . Jude Law does an excellent job playing a tough-guy with absolutely no conscious about ending a person 's life if their delinquent on their bill . He is absolutely believable as a disconnected man only interested in money and being a great contract employee for The Union . This is seen early on when we witness him retrieving a liver in a rapid manner , making a beautiful incision and ripping the organ out . He heads to the previous owner 's sink , rinses it off , packs it up , and heads out while stepping over the now probably lifeless man . Impressive . The gore is essential here to show the audience exactly HOW disconnected Remy is from humanity.Jake , his partner , is even further gone than Remy . He enjoys his job so much that he 's willing to do anything to anyone in order to ensure he and Remy can keep working together.In the midst of Remy 's life is a relationship that 's falling apart and a son who is the only thing that keeps him remotely grounded . But when Remy suddenly needs a heart replacement , things rapidly change . You can see the wheels spinning in the back of his head after he returns to work . Would a Repo Man come after him if he failed to pay ? What does it mean to have a piece of metal in his chest where his heart used to be ? Does this make him less human ? Or , in some bizarre way , does it make him more human ? These are questions that are left up to the audience to decide.The ending was telegraphed just enough to give it a fun twist without coming out of the blue . I kind of picked up on it after a significant fight sequence , and you might to if you pay attention . It is enough of an `` a-ha ! '' moment that 'll make some film watchers gasp.With the current , raw , political climate I think this film was excellently timed to hit the big screen . Think about where our healthcare is going and who you want to control it , and this film will cut into you , too .
 This is an excellent blu ray movie with excellent futuristic visuals set in an ultra modern metropolis . Based on a credit system , if you have an organ transplant , and have not payed your bill on time , instead of paying a late fee , a repo man is sent to repossess the organ while you are still alive ! You either die on the spot , or if you have other means for a quick transplant , you better do it before it 's too late ! Imagine if that became your future , with black market donors being a refuge for those who ca n't afford it . This movie is insanely excellent with two men whose job is to rip your insides out for pay !
 After having seen a couple of reviews before I bought this I was pleasantly surprised to find this film to be much more entertaining that expected . The ending was also a big plus in my opinion .
 I found the movie entertaining at parts , but equally felt throughout the film that though the concept was great , the story was lacking . It 's a great premise
 Like the unfortunate organ re-donors in this science-fiction thriller that have been rebuilt from borrowed parts , so too does Repo Men suffer the fate of being a movie built upon the foundations of many a science fiction cult classic.This is all a truly tragic fate , considering the moments of sheer brilliance present in this all too familiar cautionary tale set amidst an all too familiar dystopian future . In 2025 , top-dog Remy -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- has the thankless task of brutally repossessing the artificial organs for which their owners have defaulted payments on . He does so with surgical precision until that one day , when a fateful slice would open Remy 's own heart to the plight of humanity.With a plot largely transplanted from Fahrenheit 451 into the world of Repo
 Good movie with an unexpected ending . Very intriguing storyline ... I could n't even imagine a life in this world of taking back organs if you do n't pay up . Crazy ! But very well executed .
 After reading the only review here i decided to counter that with my own opinion . This movie is no great art , but it 's also definitely not the typical hollywood formula . For that reason mainstream audiences wo n't like it . But for lovers of action movies who appreciate film noir and like psychological surprises , this is a special little movie . It 's twisted and violent , but really not what i expected . It will raise emotions in you , not the happy disney kind either .
 Would n't it be wonderful if we were able to replace vital organs as needed with no complications ? Who would n't want to be able to see better , hear farther , live longer , ease the burden of things like Alzheimer 's from our loved ones ? But nothing comes free , right ? In today 's consumer-driven society , people generally appear to have great difficult grasping the difference between `` necessity '' and `` desire '' . However , you better be very clear in your own mind about what both of those things mean to you , as well as possessing a definitive understanding of exactly what you are willing to pay to fulfill either . You better be able to pay in full too , or at the very least , keep up your payments faithfully . Because in this subtly dystopian future , The Union will send repo men to reclaim their products if you do n't ! Remy -LRB- Jude Law -RRB- and his best friend Jake -LRB- Forest Whitaker -RRB- were soldiers once . Perhaps that made it too easy for them to make the transition into the private sector as repossession agents for The Union . Repo men once recognized by the general public , are most definitely viewed with a fearful respect that is anything but flattering . In fact , this biased view of a jaded society is not only causing Remy to doubt his career choice , it is seriously upsetting the happy apple cart of his marriage.Still , repossessing the mechanical hearts , livers , eyes , and other essential bits manufactured and sold at exorbitant rates to a mostly willing public is better than trying to finesse a reluctant customer into signing the purchasing contract , is n't it ? Those salesmen like Frank -LRB- Liev Schreiber -RRB- , seem like heartless soulless demons devoted to the almighty dollar in comparison . From Remy 's point of view , the people who sign those contracts are well aware of what they are getting into , and if they choose to break the law by not paying what is owed in a timely fashion , then surely it is his noble duty to enforce the law by reclaiming the company 's property.He ca n't understand why his job causes his wife such anxiety or inexplicable anger , or his son discomfort at school and disturbing dreams at night . It 's just a job , right ? Remy loves his family , but discovers that love is n't always enough to fix what 's broken . Now that it 's his name on the dotted line , will Remy get his priorities straight before a repo man shows up at his door?Directed by Miguel Sapochnik , and written by Eric Garcia and Garret Lerner , this film provokes thought , and is complex enough to support multiple viewings . At a run time of 111 minutes , it can feel like it takes it 's time getting to the point though , and some viewers will certainly feel as if `` the point '' becomes meaningless or over-developed as we watch the characters Remy and Jake take form . Perhaps the balance works better in the written work , Repossession Mambo -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , also written by Eric Garcia , but I have yet to read it for comparison.If you do n't read the subtle clues along the way correctly , the film 's plot twist at the end is a good one , sure to dazzle some and disappoint others . The fight scenes were quite well done and entertaining , if not terribly important to the story . Potentially humorous moments fall rather flat as these are not characters given easily to humor or an easy compatibility with their fellow man . Rated for mature audiences due to scenes of a graphic nature , sexual content , language , and violence , Repo Men 's overall look is rather slick and edgy.Ultimately I was entertained , but felt that the overall presentation lacks a few vital elements to really give soul to this work . The focus is so strongly riveted to the dissociative in society , and the tale itself rather choppily delivered , that I feel audiences might have difficulty associating with main characters or really caring about how the story will end . Repo Men is a subtly horrific sci-fi drama made more complete with thoughtful imput from the viewer.This film displays the potentially bleak existence possible in a society driven by commercialism , trendy surgical upgrades , and unreasoning desire . This is not a happy tale , nor will love , unrequited or otherwise , conquer all . This is an unlikely romance between a man and the dream of what his life could become ; a rather Gothic reminder that only death and taxes are true certainties in life , and all too often our greatest dreams become our worst nightmares.Final Thoughts : Thought provoking , interesting tale , good cast , great effects and fight scenes.Potentially disorienting , depressing or off-putting to viewers.Entertaining , but does not sucessfully fulfill its potential
 This is not going to be so much of a review of the movie plot or characters -LRB- although I did like the movie - maybe 3.5 or 4 stars out of 5 -RRB- , this is a comparison of the `` Theatrical Release '' vs. the `` Unrated '' version.In short , there is so little difference that there really is no reason to pay extra for the `` unrated '' version . A couple of slight dialouge additions . There is a scene with John Leguizamo that makes a couple of things more clear -LRB- really minor and it does not `` flow well '' into the following scene -RRB- . If you are buying it with the hope of seeing more skin or more gore , you will be greatly disappointed .
 We 're 50 + and we thought this was about repo-ing cars ... I popped it in and we sat to watch it while we had dinner.oh boy - oh boy - oh boy!So it was a bit of a shock at the beginning when it turned out to be something more . Hey , I was on a bit of a spending spree for DVD movies looking to stack up some entertainment for our evenings and snagged this one.How many of you reading this that have seen the movie are laughing your butts off right now ? more than a few I 'd say ... Lucky for us , we rolled with it and at the end decided we liked it.If you 're a Scifi fan and you do n't mind some gore and appreciate a little moral quandary in your entertainment , my guess is you 'll like it.We 've gotten to the point where we WANT something different , something out of the ordinary . Just one thing ... this is NOT about two guys going after cars that have n't been paid for . It 's not Tokyo Shock which we like on occasion ... but we definitely were surprised.I saw it had a wide variety of ratings and thought ... ok it 'll probably be something different . It is NOT a trip to Mamby Pamby Land or for those for whom the color yellow makes them sad . There 's even one scene you 'll probably back up and play a couple times while you laugh with tears rolling down your face . `` Do n't Taze Me Bro !!! `` Everyone else has covered just about everything else in their reviews.It was good entertainment for an evening as an inexpensive used movie . ` nuff said .
 i liked this movie with the dark humor and action but i just dont understand why they had to ruin it with this ending
 Great creepy movie about a furistic lifestyle and how healthcare is financed . Just likethe Republicans want in the future is for everyone to be in debt for their healthcare and to be able to stay alive with transplanted organs .
 The Unrated version is one of the rare breeds that actually makes for a much better movie and a more in depth story and plot . While it wo n't really enrich the gore factor or show you seventeen different nude scenes , it really does influence and make for a much better movie . If you enjoyed the movie in it 's Theatrical version , you will find more of what you liked here . The added scenes do not take away from the story as some movies or elongate some dreaded scene that goes on for far too long , it actually builds upon what is there and explains more of the back story . Very well done and a must have for anyone who enjoyed the Theatrical version .
 I must say how much I love this movie , I have probably seen it about 3 or 4 times , and I still crave to watch it more . Really makes you think . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I saw this movie on Si Fi not knowing what to expect . I liked it so much I purchased the Amazon streaming . I wanted to see it uncut . It is a very good movie with good acting and a great story.The ending was crazy man!Loved it !
 It was a good movie , but it was too bloody ; almost in every scene . Hold your stomachs almost the whole movie .
 This movie is excellent for personal reasons or as a gift and it came on time and as described . We are very pleased with this purchase .
 This was a very good movie . It had an interesting ending . The beginning was okay but seemed to drag a bit . enjoyed it at the $ 3.00 price of Amazon Prime but for me it would n't have been worth the price of seeing it in the theater .
 I think this is one of the better action/indie films available . It reminded me about great movies like Equilibrium . Great action sequences with a perfect ending !
 This movie was very good . I would 've paid to see it in the theater , but 50 inch tv plus blu ray , does the trick for me .
 Length :
 This dvd was on time but there was only one wrong thing about it which is the movie IQ would not let me play the movie for the first time but every time after that was fine . Other than that I am completely satisfied with everything .
 great movie extremily graphicloved the gruesomeness in the movie it out does some horror movies ive seen loved it all the way up til the last 10 minthis dvd needs an alternative ending feature
 I watched the unrated version.A job is a job.How these 2 did the job without breaking out laughing is beyond me!cutting open people martial arts combatNobody ever asked for a bandaid.LOLThere was n't an explanation for the abandoned city . I might have to watch again.I watched it again.There was no real explanation of what led to the downfall , just narrative.Excellent writing BTWBut ... Pay attention to the one-liners zinging throughout the movie ... ROFLMAO !!! It was well written.The actors used their props well.You know how you think you saw something during a movie.Be sure & watch the extras , especially the ads . You 'll know what I mean.Way better than Babylon AD -LRB- AD = After Dump -RRB- Afterthought , this movie is as good as Blade Runner . Food 4 thought ...
 No review of Repo Men is going to sway your opinion . You like it or you do n't . What I can tell you is that it is completely unoriginal . Take a lot -LRB- a LOT -RRB- of Logan 's Run , add a dash of Brazil , salt it with Robocop 's ultraviolence , and then swipe the entire last act of Virtuosity , and you have Repo Men . It 's a big , bloody ripoff , but somehow it worked for me . Laughed uncontrollably during some of the more extreme repo scenes ... maybe I 'm just a bad person , eh?C .
 This whole tale just reeks of PKD 's dystopian visions , but never quite matches his genius . Blade Runner and Minority Report are its obvious forebears -LRB- and based on PKD stories -RRB- , and the acting and concept here are mostly rather good , yet this goes on a little too long and leaves a few too many threads hanging.Still , there are some really nice moments , and Law does a good job with the script , as does Whittaker . Their bond was n't explored very deeply , but I did like this film 's tendency to show rather than tell , with the nice background plot drivers that are n't as obvious as they could have been . The sets are great , and some of the CGI future-city shots are excellent ... but that subway shot with Toronto 's TTC logo ? They keep saying this is set in America , despite Law 's Brit accent , so why leave that hanging out there ? RM has a number of sloppy bits in that vein , and the ending is a little too pat.But the idea is a good one , and although it bogs down in the middle , and the love story goes too far too fast , I was entertained and even made to think , never a bad combination.If you like futuristic sci-fi , this is a decent entry in the genre . It does get rather slasher/bloody now and then , though , so be forewarned .
 This science fiction , futuristic movie is the kind of movie I really like sometimes . I had high expectations for this movie and I did really like it so it delivered . I think it is best to watch this movie without knowing anything much about it like I did . I had never even seen a trailer . I just read the short blurb on Netflix . * Bit of a Spoiler ahead * The ridiculousness that became the last 1/2 hour was explained by the twist ending -LRB- I did n't see coming -RRB- perfectly . At first , my instinctive reaction was to not like the ending , but after a minute , I really liked it as I thought back to the ridiculousness that had occurred and it all made sense now . Quite a few plot holes , such as Jude Law 's character having been best friends with Forest Whitaker 's character since kids -LRB- 3rd or 4th grade -RRB- , but Jude speaks with a British accent that is not explained . Minor , but there are plot holes surrounding the artificial organ transplants and ways to get around not being able to pay for them any longer that occurred to me as I watched the movie and I wished they had addressed with a line here or there . Really wish this movie had made more money at the box office . Had I known about it while it was in the theaters , I would have paid to watch it instead of renting off Netflix . I recommend this movie , but only to movie watchers who like this sort of movie
 I really liked this movie . Jude Law and Forest Whitaker were amazing ! The storyline is chilling and totally believable .
 Jude Law as action actor ? Jude Law as violence personified ? Indeed , and please add a notch to his acting credentials because he is convincing in his buffed up body.Jude Law has always exuded a bit of effeminate presence , like the refined Ashley inGone with the Wind . But here , he plays a survivor of the mean streets , then a solder returned from war with nothing to do but continue his violent behavior . However , he finds the perfect job which utilizes all his skills -- as a repo man . In this bleak look at a dystopian future , the medical world has landed the perfect product -- retrievable and permanent body parts . Heck , sell them to anyone because if they do n't pay , the part is repossessed by the Repo Man , who wears an identifying tatoo on his neck.Although the ineffable Forest Whitaker lends strong support -LRB- as always -RRB- , Law still stands on his own . Frankly , I was impressed . As for Whitaker , no matter what role he accepts , he steps into it , making that character his , fleshing him out , making him real . In the story these two characters -- Law and Whitaker -- grow up together , playing violence for all it is worth in making them oblivious to the pain of others . The audience watches them in flashback snippets grow to the way of violence and know they are perfectly suited to steal into homes and confiscate body parts in arrears , knowing they are causing death . Too bad . They should have paid.Moral callousness aside , Law loves his son . To keep him , he must ask for a job in sales , not repossession . His wife insists on this change . Things happen -LRB- ca n't be a spoiler -RRB- and Law himself is given a heart . Not knowingly , not willingly , but through happenstance , Law is given a heart . Entendre here . He has a heart and now reconsiders his job as a repo man.Of course , he gets behind in payments because he can no longer rip out organs as he once so indifferently did . It 's his turn to lose his heart . More complications . His wife forces him out , he meets a singer he admires and learns that she is a conglomeration of artificial body parts . Whitaker is assigned to take his heart.That 's about all I can relate without spoilers . I was so surprised by the ending . I can say , given the setting , given the characters , it is perfect . Unexpected , but perfect . I disagree with reviewers who find this a hodge-podge of story pieces , much like the singer 's body . Instead , the disjointed story line and disconnected characters work together in creating a provocative world transposed from our current world of healthcare woes and mean street hardening of character . But the underlying message is hope -- there 's always hope as long as we are alive . But then again , the movie raises another question
 All of a sudden a film pretends to be more original , but this film does not shine , it is not a sun-film -LRB- my term -RRB- , but a moon-film . A post-unclear something right-wing future where religiouisity has turned to sentimentaility , but it is not the sensitimentality of the left , but a relefection of it . As the sentimentaility of the left turned to a religious policy of state without any declaration - Stalin to be a pretentension of it!The workers of the organs in this film , appear repressed and this is expressed in a silence when Jude Law enters the factory , and some are even shot , by the poeple that are supposed to protect what they make . It reminded me of the silence in I Robot , when the hero enters the factory , the production line there represents silence , or a bowing down . But a right wing future , with non-exsistance counter left force will lose it 's sense of power with religioius diginity towards a sentimentality through virtue of lack of opposition . As would a winning left wing government lose it 's sentimentality towards a reflecting religiousity which would pretend to be state of policy . Also noboby complains that these people are being killed beacuse they can pay installments , which supports the idea of a post-propaganised governement . Hail Ceasar , maybe if I was less able to think .
 I like this movie . It is really fun to watch . Drew Seeley does a great job as the bad vampire . Lucas Grabeel does a great job also . The music is really fun !!! I 'm glad I bought this movie !
 I recommend this for kids 13 and above . The two teenage girls in our `` audience '' loved the movie and the rest of the family enjoyed it , too !
 The music and singing was wonderful and very entertaining . The storyline was average along with the dancing . A few talented dancers with some average or below average which mixed with mostly average acting I thought it deserved 4 stars . I would highly recommend for teenagers who enjoy glee and the adult looking for a nice YA movie with great singing . Overall very watchable and refreshing to see a movie without curse words and slimy sex . two thumbs up for that !
 This movie is a ton of fun . Great songs , great fun , and great performances.Lucas and Drew have unbelievable voices , and all the girl characters kick butt .
 Yes , the title , jacket blurb and what marketing there is , suggest this might be something like a soft-porn/action film . It 's not.It was produced with assistance from the Canadian and the Ontario film production tax credit . Either it went straight-to-DVD , or at least never appeared in US theatres , so it does not have an MPAA rating . There is no nudity -LRB- even partial -RRB- of significance -- the scenes at the dance-nightclub are not more revealing than what you 'd see on a beach in the summertime . The violence is not extreme and the language , although there is some vulgarity , is certainly not as bad as the language in some other `` R '' rated movies.The jacket & other reviews already tell you it involves an `` exotic dancer '' , Cassie -LRB- played by Sarah Allen -RRB- who through circumstance ends up with a large amount of methamphetamine and cash from a drug deal gone very bad , which she was n't really involved in . From there , the plot explores what she does or tries to do with the money -LRB- and drugs -RRB- , how it affects her circle of friends & co-workers , and the efforts of the drug-boss to get his drugs and money back at any cost -LRB- the hit-man pursuing her is well-played as a cold-blooded killer , undeterred by any problems of conscience or morality -RRB- . I ca n't say too much about the plot without BLOWING the plot -- but to draw a comparison to another grade-B film from a different genre -LRB- and throw it a little plug at the same time -RRB- you might compare this film to the movie `` Doom '' -LRB- based on the now-old computer game -RRB- or other similar films , in which the main character kind of shifts unexpectedly or at the least , where you thought the film would probably be going shifts . So there WAS a bit of serious thought behind this low-budget production , which otherwise does not stand out in any particular way . My theory about the title is it has a double meaning -LRB- doh ! -RRB- and what is really `` stripped naked '' here is not bodies , but characters.This is not a great action-film ; there 's no great special-effects nor fancy camera-work ; the acting is not Oscar material , but it did manage to hold my interest throughout the story and I found myself remembering it better than maybe half the films I see . If you watch it without great expectations , you may find it worth the view -LRB- even without nudity -RRB- .
 Fun , entertaining flick about a stripper who comes across a drug deal gone wrong , steals a bunch of drugs and money and then tries to flee the country but has to wait three days to get her passport . During those three days , she has to contend with her lesbian roommate , greedy ex-boyfriend , and the bad guys who want the money back .
 This movie has a sort of unusual atmosphere about it.I think it may have something to do with how the lighting was done.The story itself is also rather unique but it brings in many tried and true horror movie ideas such as magical pendants , zombies , and a mysterious god that grants eternal youth to people -LRB- for a price that is -RRB- . This is sort of a fun movie to watch . Because of the dark humor you never really take it too seriously.James Hong is actually quite comical at times and never really becomes a frightening character in this movie.Don ' t get impatient and turn it off before the last 30 seconds or so which contains the most dramatic scene in the entire movie.Jeff MarzanoRecommended further viewing : FrightmareGodzilla -LRB- U.S. and Japanese Versions -RRB- Godzilla 2000Godzilla vs. DestoroyahHorror HotelI Was A Teenage WerewolfInto The FireInvasion Of The Saucer MenIT ! -LRB- The Terror From Beyond Space -RRB- Mad Doctor Of Blood Island / Brides Of Blood / Beast Of BloodNot Of This Earth -LRB- original -RRB- Of Unknown OriginPhantasmPSYCHOThe Blob -LRB- with Steve McQueen -RRB- The Brain That Would n't DieThe Flesh EatersThe Fly / The Return Of The Fly / The Curse Of The FlyThe Four Skulls Of Jonathan DrakeThe Haunting -LRB- original -RRB- The Hideous Sun DemonThe Hypnotic EyeThe Incredible Shrinking ManThe Indestructible ManThe MansterThe Night Stalker -LRB- TV movie from the 70s -RRB- The Thing -LRB- from another world -RRB- The Thing -LRB- John Carpenter 's remake 1982 -RRB- The Thing That Could n't DieThe Twilight Zone Collections
 I was expecting The Vineyard to be extremely gross based on some things I had heard on the Internet . I did find this movie a bit gross , but not to an extreme degree . For me , it 's mostly a slick , hilarious horror film that is ahead of its time.The pace is fairly quick overall and the colours tend to be brighter than in most horror movies . Also , I thought the special effects were good , but also funny.It has a couple of scenes that are genuinely a bit scary , but it 's mostly just fun and gore.I hope you enjoy it as much as I did !
 I 've been looking for this title a long time and found it here for a good price . New and unused . Great service by seller . Very fast international shipping . Highly recomended seller . Would buy from again .
 The struggling married couple at the heart of `` Beautiful Boy '' have their lives altered by the most horrific nightmare imaginable involving their son . It is timely and excruciatingly unpleasant , the central tragedy should resonate with anyone concerned about alienation and random violence in the world today . To the movie 's advantage , the DVD cover and promotional material has the common sense to NOT reveal the specifics of this incident . For the movie to achieve its maximum power , it is best to allow the content to be unveiled to the viewer as it unfolds to the parents . However , this subtle tactic is undermined by almost every review available on Amazon -LRB- including Amazon 's own editorial DVD description -RRB- . It 's an unfortunate miscalculation , in my estimation , as it eliminates much tension from the film 's earlier scenes and detracts from one of the year 's most harrowing moments . Writer/director Shawn Ku takes universal tragedy and shifts the focus in an unexpected and very personal way . By doing so , he has given Michael Sheen and Maria Bello two of the most underrated roles -LRB- and performances -RRB- of the year.Sheen and Bello play an affluent , yet struggling , couple on the brink of divorce . As they are making important decisions about their lives together , some crushing news about their college-age son smashes their existence . Suddenly , they are at the center of a public maelstrom . Everything they thought they knew has been stripped away and they are left with nothing but each other . Trying to make sense of what happened and simultaneously trying to move past it , the couple attempt to navigate a powder keg of emotions . And the story is very much about Bello and Sheen and how they cope . Will this incident pull them back together or destroy them forever . Part of the nuance of Ku 's screenplay is that it allows that they are each their own person , and their reaction to the event and its aftermath is very separate -LRB- even as they are forever intertwined -RRB- . Filled with regret , recriminations , and humiliation -- is it possible to move on ? And where does ultimate responsibility lay when unimaginable things occur ? `` Beautiful Boy '' is a smart and sophisticated piece of work . Despite the opportunity for emotional grandstanding , Bello and Sheen remain remarkably grounded and utterly real . At times , you might wish the movie offered more insight into just who their son is . He is never developed -LRB- as a conscious decision -RRB- , but the enigma of his character lingers all over the movie . I mean if his parents , who by all accounts had a close enough relationship with the boy , are clueless -- it 's hard for the viewer to contextualize what happens . Still , the movie is sensitively wrought and offers two compelling performances . Sheen , as always , executes in one of his most emotional roles . But it is Bello that has the chance to surprise . I 've always liked Bello , but her resume veers all over the place from top tier work to grade-B schlock . This time , she 's chosen right and her brittleness has rarely been used to such affect . This is definitely a movie for adults who appreciate serious minded filmmaking . An easy recommendation -- its power comes from its understatement . About 41/2 stars . KGHarris , 11/11 .
 This is one of the finest acting jobs I think I have ever seen . The depth of the drama called for someone of the highest caliber to deliver some of the hardest emotions we could try to deal with . Michael Sheen did not disappoint , and in my view there are very few actors that you can actually say that about . Please do yourself a favor and see this movie.By the way , why is it that British actors can do American accents so well ?
 This movie was great ! It really gives you a different perspective on serious issues like the one that happens in the movie .
 This movie is so real . It portrays how humans react towards a tragedy . The acting was terrific and the story line was so intense . I cried and I could not stop watching . Sometimes there is never any real answers to why people do things that they do . The couple in the movie struggles with blame , shame and undying love for their son that committed such a horrible crime . Watch it , you will not regret it . It is now one of my all time favorite movies .
 An excellent heart-wrenching movie that does not get weighted down in trying to preech a viewpoint . It allows you to come to your own conclusion .
 Fantastic acting !! get ready to cry ... Michael Sheen is an amazing leading man !!! I wound up watching this movie twice .
 BEAUTIFUL BOY is the gripping story of a parent 's worst nightmare.Maria Bello and Michael Sheen star as a married couple on the verge of separation who have stayed together for the past ten years because of their son.One day , the boy -LRB- Kyle Gallner -RRB- , a college freshman , walks into a classroom with two loaded guns , kills seventeen people , then turns a weapon on himself.Shocked , grief-stricken and confused , Bello and Sheen now attempt to deal with the media storm that suddenly surrounds them , the subtle -LRB- and overt -RRB- shunning by friends and family and their own senses of guilt.Directed by Shawn Ku , BEAUTIFUL BOY is a powerful , albeit depressing , drama that features award-caliber performances by its two stars , realistic dialogue and several emotionally draining scenes.The problem is that the film takes 101 minutes to tell a story that could probably have been better told in half the time . Indeed , once the initial shock of the shooting and its immediate aftermath has past , the film focuses on Bello and Keller and their tenuous relationship . There are no surprises or significant plot turns , and it does n't take an astute viewer to know how this story is going to end.The DVD from Anchor Bay Entertainment contains two deleted scenes.Michael B. Druxman
 When you get down to it , these people are simply ... people . You can feel their pain . The acting was excellent . All good things come to us from God . He does n't give us bad things that we can handle or bad things that we can not handle . Where would He get the bad things ? He does n't have any . If you want to know Him ... if you 're suffering , here 's what He 's promised , `` If you seek Him with your whole heart , He will be found of you . '' May His Peace envelop all who are hurting .
 In my opinion this movie is the best movie featuring Sheila E and the earlybeginning years of rap.The Fat Boys are an awesome part of this movie .
 I received my order faster than expected , and it was packaged safely . Thanks for the great service , I 'll definitely order a lot more.John G
 because its a great movie and i love watching this moviei liked it no problemsto all mi friends and family
 My three younger sisters watched this movie three times a day , five days a week for two summers ... . and I ca n't blame them ... this was a signature film for hip hop .
 this was a moviei always talked to my kids about to watch and was never able to find in local stores and on dvd . thanks
 KRUSH GROOVE
 I STILL remember every word in this movie and I had n't seen it over 20 years ! Being able to notice the history and how certain artists have evolved from then till now . I would LOVE if this movie was digitally remastered , but this copy will do . Good Buy for a classic film .
 I love this DVD ! Definitely having an 80 's night with the girls , and glasses of champagne ! Love Kurtis Blow , and the young Blair Underwood ! Sheila E still got it !
 This video brought back a lot of old memories . It was great to see the performers in this movie and sing along to the old songs again .
 I have read some of the reviews above and i am a bit disappointed . I saw this movie when it relased and I watched now , in 2002 and I still think it is great . Think about it . The artist , and there were many of them , were just in front of a camera , having fun and doing what they do . They are not actors , but they did well . The plot , well , it is true to life . It is what happened to def jam , so they brought it tot he screen.Watching Krush Groove , i think back tothe silly clothes I wore and when I had the King of Rock RECORD and Radio by Ll Cool J. I still have those records too.When you watch this movie , do n't expect oscar nods , but non-actors doing what was around them and what they grew up with . In many cases , this was a film debut , too . I think it is a great movie .
 This movie brought back all the memories of High School . The movie was great , and is the talk at work . Also seeing all the rappers in their youth , was also fun to see .
 BEAT STREET was the movie that really broke rap through to the general public . It created the break dance fad . It seemed to me at the time more people were into break dance than rap , and everyone said that by years end both would be a fad . Well , break dance did fade out , but with the emergence of RUN DMC , the message kinda got out that rap would be a force to reckon with . - - Although IMHO Beat Street and Wild Style were better movies , this is still a great movie with memorable performances by Sheila E. , Run DMC , Kurtis Blow , etc. . When you watch it , it takes you back to a kindler , gentler more innocent time ... This film is kinda the 80s old school hip hop version of CAR WASH. . Its enjoyable and entertaining ... and 92 % message and violence free .
 That was LL Cool J first movie . And , The Fat Boys was making hit ; like at the all you can eat buffet . Kurtis Blow was the man too .
 This movie is a hip-hop classic . It 's not a movie for the bling-bling , bounce-bounce , hip-hop listener or the late comer to hip-hop culture . If you were down with this movement when it first started then you will definitly want to add this one to your video collection . If you are somebody that just got into rap music in the 90 's or later ... you may not feel it the same way . One of the other reviewers said they were `` dissapointed '' and did n't understand why Sheila E. got more props than LL or Beastie Boys ... that 's because they were n't known yet and Shelia E. was ... if you were down from the start you would know that . This movie is not for the ignorant or casual hip-hop listener but rather for the seasoned conesiuer that REMEMBERS -LRB- not just heard about -RRB- when nobody even knew what rap was . This is not for the cats that think they know hip-hop becasue they went out and bought a bunch of old school records and now they think they 're an expert . This is for heads that bought LL 's `` Radio '' album when it was brand new in the store ... not the one who just got it last week . This is for the REAL hip-hop heads ... not the avant-guard backpacker who did n't buy RUN-DMC until after they became legends or thinks LL is different now than he was in ' 83 .
 this film is unbelievable if you enjoy pure old school this film will fill your heart with nothing but the love you have formusic expressed in words . this film is like a two hour video ofwhere hip hop got it 's first big break . ll cool j , rundmc.new edition.dr . jeckyll mr. hyde , kurtis blow and sheila e. and the fat boys . the only group I wish was there is whodini . other than that this film and the comentary was excellent . this film is a must have ... period ...
 This movie is the most prolific in showing the way one of the largest record labels of our time came to be . I remember being 11 years old when this movie came out and that was my first sighting of a brand new rapper by the name of LL Cool J. I instantly fell in love and declared him my husband to be ! Anyways , the music is AAA + + + especially if ur 30 + !
 You into old school like Nipsey then this is your flick.The great RUN-DMC with the late great Jam master Jay , LL COOL J , Kurtis Blow , The fatboys , Beastie Boys , and The fine Sheila E -LRB- WOW -RRB- And must for the Hip Hop movie collection.Nipsey digs the soundtrack too .
 Highly Recommended . Wonderful movie and great cast . Would recomend to anyone instested in more movies of this type . Great Movie
 HELL
 Any info as to when is this classic finally coming to Blu-ray ?? I wish for someone to put parts of it on YT at least to fill the void in not having it on Blu-ray yet .
 Love the movie back then and still do now and this was hard to find just need the soundtrack now . Great quality as well .
 I ordered this for Christmas for my husband . I did n't order it until Dec. 21 and it still arrived before Christmas ! We were very pleased with the quality of the tape . Will definitely order from Amazon again !
 I like this movie ! I even enjoy hearing RUN-D.M.C . , The Fat Boys , Kurtis Blow , And ca n't forget the beautiful Ms. Shella E! This movie was similer to Beat Street , Breakin and Breakin 2 The Electric Boogalo ! This movie was a back in the day classic ! It was all about Hip-Hop ! And even special guest like New Edition , The Beastie Boys , and L.L. Cool J. Ca n't forget the actor Blair Underwood and the staff of Def Jam Rick Rubin and Russel Simmons . Got ta love it babe ! Hip-Hop classic . And evendoe hip-hop is dead , we could all still go back in time were hip-hop use to be and were it started from ! And rest in peace Buffy from the fat boys and rest in peace DJ Jam Master Jay ! Old School Forever!De ` Vear Small ! -LRB- AKA Dee Smalls -RRB- Representing Decatur GA !
 this movie is one of my favorites , i was like 6 when this movie came and i still enjoy it
 I am a fan of Run-Dmc so naturally I enjoy the movie , I thought it was very good .
 Run DMC , Sheila E , Fat Boys , Kurtis Blow !!! Dance music goes Hip Hop!This movie tells the story about Russell Simmons and the efforts he did to put his own label in the history!All the things happening in New York in that early '80 are pure creativity together with the will of launching a seed!This movie is history ! This movie is fun ! This movie is love!Salvatore Mono
 I saw this movie in june 08 on TVone ; I had n't seen this movie since it came out back in the 80 's . I love watching Ron 's house , LL cool J and all the old school rappers in the movie are still doing their thing today . Fresh , Clean , Understandable Rap with meaning and a purpose . Rap back then made you want to do better not like SOME of the Rap Music today which can make you want to have sex , kill somebody , or promote hate , if you can understand the lyrics at all.Great MovieWhere is sheila E. now ? lol
 THE STORY OF DEF JAM AND RUSSELL SIMMONS - COME ON NOW THIS IS AS GOOD TODAY AS IT WAS WHEN IT WAS FIRST MADE . IF YOU WANT SOME HIP-HOP AT ITS FINEST , THEN CHECK THIS MOVIE OUT . IT GIVES YOU LL COOL J , THE FAT BOYS , RUN DMC , NEW EDITION AND MORE DURING THEIR EARLY YEARS . THE LOVE SCENE BETWEEN BLAIR UNDERWOOD -LRB- RUSSELL -RRB- AND SHEILA E WITH `` TENDER LOVE '' BY THE FORCE MDS IN THE BACKGROUND IS STILL HOT .
 Not only is this movie a classic , but the delivery was fast and packaging was great . Product arrived unscathed .
 Never mind that corny Leonard Maitlin quip . this is the story of the biggest rap label ever , told fictionally . Krush Groove is really DefJam Records , the label that would go on to host the biggest acts ever , including RunDMC , The Beastie Boys , LL Cool J , the FatBoys , Kurtis Blow -LRB- ALL FEATURED PROMINENTLY AND ACTUALLY DISPLAYING GOOD ACTING SKILLS -RRB- , and later MethodMan , Redman , DMX and Public Enemy . This film has great performances , an angry Run coming on stage , positively commenting on the other performers quietly and declaring , `` but this is my m. . house ! '' is great . Kurtis Blow does If I ruled the World , the FatBoys do their thing , etc. . But in terms of seriousness and social blah blah , watching this movie , seeing the way Russel came up , and looking now at what he 's become , is just amazing . They got Blair Underwood to play Russel Simmons , and he does a great job . This movie should , though it probably wont , go down as one of the best accounts of the achievement of the American Dream , through dangerous dealings and dreaming , all types of adversity and successes , in a music that was emerging . The movie was made in 85 , and it takes place pretty much exactly as it was being made , with complete faith in its premise , its music , and its eventual success . That 's quite amazing because you can now look at it as a historical testament , no exxageration , to one of the biggest cultural movements this nation has ever had . Hip hop heads , we 'll go down like the gnostics , amazing innovators and proponents of culture , suppressed by the ignorant and the power-hungry . You 'll show this movie to your kids one day .
 This movie is so cute , so happy , so silly , so fun . It has become a member of my family . The music is good , the characters are hilarious , and you can pick out bits of truth and history if you look . You can also play `` Where 's LL ? '' . He is scattered a few places in the movie . And you get to see the real Russell Simmons talking to the character based on Russell Simmons , played by Blair Underwood . MTV had a hip hop day a couple of years ago , and they featured Krush Groove , hosted by Fab 5 Freddy . -LRB- You can also see F5F in the beautiful , classic , solid Wild Style . -RRB- The only advisory is to erase or fast-forward through the scene in which the Fat Boys -LRB- the Disko 3 -RRB- are in their science class , right before they get into `` Do n't you dog me ... . Aaarh aaarh , aaarh aaarh ... '' . The classroom part contains an unnecessary dissection scene . Watch it and you 'll see what I mean . Enjoy this movie , and by all means -- keep the spirit of Krush Groove alive ! Word . : -RRB-
 Krush Groove -LRB- 1985 -RRB- General Plot
 Krush Groove finally brought the hip hop movie focus back to the mic . This musical manages to have a plot and feature lengthy performances by the Fat Boys , Run-D.M.C . , Kurtis Blow , and Sheila E -LRB- all as fictionalized versions of themselves -RRB- . Based on the life on Def Jam Records co-founder Russel Simmons , it showcases Simmons ' artists , particularly his little brother Joseph `` Run '' Simmons . It also highlights soon-to-be-huge rappers the Beastie Boys and L.L. Cool J. Young producer Russel Walker -LRB- Blair Underwood -RRB- must borrow money from a dangerous loan shark in order to process the records of his hottest act , Run-D.M.C . Logically , selling these records would make enough money to pay back the loan , but Russel seems to find himself still broke and in trouble . Everyone gets by fine in the end by supporting each other and displaying their mad skills.Krush Groove kept it real by filming in the Bronx , including the Disco Fever club . Owner Sal Abbatiello expected the movie to `` be an uplift '' and `` bring attention -LSB- back -RSB- to the club '' -LRB- excellent book Yes Yes Ya 'll , 2002 -RRB- . Unfortunately , the media surrounding the filming brought the attention of the authorities , who shut Disco Fever down for good on the last day of shooting for not having all the proper licenses.The film does well by stressing competition and brotherhood , and by allowing its stars to shine . It convincingly tells of the power of a great MC to rock a party , gain respect , get a date , and -LRB- most importantly in Russel Simmons ' mind -RRB- sell records . It foretells the new focus of public and media attention on the MC , which does n't seem to be going anywhere .
 This is loosely based on the story of Russell Simmons and Rick Rubin , the boy wonders who founded Def Jam , a record company who roster boasted the best rap acts of the 1980 's . It features several of the top rappers of that decade , including RUN DMC , Kool Moe Dee , The Fat Boys and a young LL Cool J -LRB- before he got that now buff body of his -RRB- . Not the greatest film in terms of screenwriting and acting , but an excellent look into the 1980s rap scene .
 If your between the age of 25 & 30 and saw this movie years ago.It will bring back great memories of your childhood . The cast is pretty much made up of rappers and rap groups of hip hop past . So it 's worth it just to see all your favorites of yester year , before it was all about shoot em up and other nonsense
 I LIKE THIS HANDS DOWN . THIS MOVIE CONTAINS SOME ACTING DONE BY SOME OF THE MASTERS ; BY SOME OF THE FOREFATHERS OF HIP HOP WHO STARTED IT ALL I LOVE THIS MOVIE IT HAS A SLAMMING SDTK . I LOVE THE SONG `` KRUSH GROOVIN '' BY THE KRUSH GROOVE ALL-STARS . IT CONTAINS KURTIS BLOW ACTING AND PERFORMING THAT IS A PLUS . SHEILA E. , RUN DMC , THE FAT BOYS , NEW EDITION , AND THE YOUNG BLAIR UNDERWOOD . I LOVE IT AND STILL ENJOY THIS VIDEO .
 Watching this movie is definitely a trip down memory lane . Any true fan of Hip Hop will enjoy watching old school artists such as Run-DMC perform . The plot is formulated , but makes for a light-hearted entertaining movie.Qualtity of the DVD is tight as well .
 I first viewd this movie at the age of 14 , It is enjoyable now as it was back then . Even better it is on DVD !!! Thanks for keeping the `` old skool '' hip hoppers grooving !
 Great movie brought back memories . . nothing like watching Rev Run in hisprime ...
 The first thing I have to say is ... why is this movie rated R ? ... must be because Hollywood was scared of Hip-Hop when this movie was released ... this movie should be rated `` G '' or `` PG '' ... compared to what rappers are saying now in thier songs , the tunes in this movie sound like a Disney soundtrack ... this movie was highly enjoyable and took me back to the 1980 's and the birth of hip-hop ... it was cool to see the late Jam Master Jay and Run DMC ... wow ... were they young when they made this movie ... there is also a scene with LL Cool J before he was all buffed ... he is as skinny as a string bean ... if you like hip-hop you will just love this trip down hip-hop 's memory lane ... buy this one , it 's worth it !!
 Krush Groove is one of My Favorite Movies , i have it on dvd , 't is a great Movie : P
 Radio , A Love Bizzare , If I Ruled The World , All You Can Eat ... you ca n't stop the streets and the groove with the greatest hip hop movie of all time , Krush Groove !!!!! Other than Shelia E 's terrible acting , the movie was a classic and a must buy . Before the dvd release , I thought I would never see this movie again , but now , I 'm sure glad I purchased it . `` KRUSH GROOOOVVINNNN ' BODY MOOOOOOVVVINNNN '' !!!!! ''
 Krush Groove is the most underrated rock n roll movie of the 1980s . Is it the Best music film of the 80s ? No that title belongs to Purple Rain . Actually Krush Groove attempts to redo Rain 's successful formula , using talented musicians generally playing themselves in a fictitious story with some realistic elements . It actually came out a year or so too early , with rap and hip hop still generally a black phenomenon despite Blondie 's # 1 pop `` Rapture '' . -LRB- Debbie Harry makes an appearance here portraying a club singer . -RRB- The one `` Actor '' not playing himself was Blair Underwood who played the character Russell Walker -LRB- While the REAL Russell Simmons played a stage hand named Crocket -RRB- The story deals with a number of rap artists Run DMC , Kurtis Blow and the Fat boys in their efforts to make it big as hip hop stars . It deals with the good and bad of having a hit record on a small independent record label , competition between two brothers over the heart of a young female singer -LRB- Sheila E. -RRB- , the consequences of borrowing money from a loan shark , the opportunity to sign with a major label and a talent contest looking for new hip hop talent . The contest includes an appearance from New Edition , an all too brief appearance from future superstars The Beastie Boys and an in studio audition from LL Cool J . The film was rated `` R '' generally for some mild violence and usage of the `` F '' word . -LRB- Six instances where two would automatically mean an `` R '' rating -RRB- It did n't do too hot at the box office . I had stated that the film came out a year or so too early . The reason I stated this was that in 1986 , one year following this film 's release , Run DMC 's cover of Aerosmith 's Walk This Way got heavy airplay on white radio , even going to number1 on album rock radio in Aerosmith 's homebase of Boston MA . This success opened the door for The Beastie Boys , The Fat Boys , LL Cool J , Will Smith -LRB- known at that time as The Fresh Prince -RRB- and a large number of other hip hop and rap artists to score BIG on the Pop singles and pop album charts . Thankfully this film has finally been issued on DVD . now let 's see the soundtrack be issued on CD .
 HELL
 HELL
 it 's rated r for absolutely nothing . barely any cuss words compared to todays rap .
 Stare at the box art and think about THAT movie . Too bad it 's not the movie in the box . There 's nothing more that can be said .
 Danny Bonaduce `` stars '' as a Haley Anderson , a radio DJ in Deadwood , SD near Mt. Rushmore . If someone had told me Danny Bonaduce was really working as a DJ in Deadwood SD , I would have believed him . His Partridge Family gig provides the humor for Barry Williams , formerly of `` The Brady Bunch '' for being his arch rival in this film.As man destroys the forest he encroaches on Big Foot 's territory , who is about 50 feet tall . At times this production is `` King Kong '' spoof . Being near Mt. Rushmore , I think you know where this is going.Bigfoot is aroused and discovering Allison Hayes is dead and 70 's rock star Alice Cooper is alive and headlining an 80 's rock festival causes him to go on a rampage . The movie has poor CG effects and should only be viewed in black and white , drinking your favorite adult beverage , and/or taking persecution meds in order to get the full 1950 's SyFy feel . Lines such as `` Peter Pan never killed anyone unless they deserved it '' are meaningless sober even when spoken by Greg Brady.POSSIBLE PLOT SPOILERS
 One of the reviewers said that THIS would probably look better on a VHS tape on a250 pound glass tube TV-set . I agree . Ai n't THAT wonderful ?! Look , if ya wants talaugh , ya look at THIS stuff.If you wan na cry watching a movie with ANIMALS in it -- dogs THIS example -- go seea few of these ... They made me cry at the ages of 10 ; 60 ; and 64 -- like a littlefour year old girl -- that dropped her favorite dolly in a large muddy puddle!Check out : Hachi
 I expected to turn this off after the first five minutes but instead I was actually drawn in.You can tell that Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams are having a great time with this and the viewer instantly picks up on that.It 's goofy , silly , and just plain dumb but it also has something else I did n't expect . It has a great sense of humor . It NEVER takes itself seriously and the scene with Alice Cooper is just hilarious.This film was made for dudes to get together , sit and watch in their hockey shirts with a massive bong sitting on the coffee table . I ca n't resist a Bigfoot movie and this one is unlike any other . First off , Bigfoot is a giant monster in this . He looks pretty cool even though the CGI is n't all that great but it contains some wildly funny monster attacks.Lets face it ... Bigfoot movies are SUPPOSED to suck but this one does in it 's own unique charm.I recommend it ONLY to Cheese fans and Bigfoot enthusiasts . This would make a great Double Feature with SNOW BEAST , -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .
 Well , I must admit I 'm a little confused . I 've never seen any other movies from the Sci-Fi channel , so I 'm not sure if their whole point is to compete to see who can make the most corny film with very poor acting , or if Big Foot was just a corny film with VERY poor acting . If you are lucky enough to have a regular gathering of friends for `` bad movie night '' , I 'm not sure if telling you that my husband and I agreed this was one of the VERY WORST movies we ever saw would be a selling point or not . Besides the very , very , very bad acting by every actor in the movie , Big Foot , who sort of looks like a cross between King Kong and a corpse , pops people 's heads into his mouth like gumballs , and every human character in the movie is a doofus , which is enhanced by the lousy dialogue the actors spout out -LRB- or mumble out -RRB- , and further enchanced by the very AWFUL acting . The ending could not have been more ridiculous , which pretty much is what could be said about the entire movie . At one point Big Foot gets part of his face burned off , but a few scenes later they show him with his face intact again . The `` special effects '' were nothing special . Why then did I give it four stars ? I guess cuz after seeing this movie I 've deduced that the Sci-Fi movies are supposed to be this lousy , that maybe that is part of the channel 's point ? To tell you the truth , even if you are a connoiseur of awful movies , this movie might fall too far off of even that scale for you and it really has nothing to redeem it . I suggest if you want to see just how really bad this movie is then talk a friend into buying it so you can get to see it , but do n't waste your own money on it . -LRB- My husband and I had a special reason for buying this movie , which is the only reason that made it worthwhile for us to watch it all the way through ... just in case you were wondering why we bothered . No , we are not related to anyone involved in the making of this film ... THANK GOODNESS ! -RRB-
 This is exactly what I love in a horror film ... characters stuck in the wilderness who not only have to survive the elements , but something ` out there in the dark ' . More suspense/supernatural tingler than heavy gore , this thriller will keep your eyes searching for shadows in the dark woods , backing up the film saying ` what was that ' , and just knowing this story is going to infect your dreams when you go to sleep ! Two college kids are stuck in the woods on a snowy night , unaware that the area they 've wrecked their car in is filled with spooks who ca n't seem to let go of an ugly past and move on ... Very creepy.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 I saw the trailer this flick somewhere few months ago , was ment to appear in theaters , But for some reason did n't made it , and went str8 to DVD !! Either way I got it , and WOW ! . . This flick do n't have much blood or gore , just have a lots spooky scary parts and have a good old fashion ghost story , Chemistry between Emily blunt & ashthon is real GOOD , Most this flick base in the car , But very interesting and disturbing just the conversation between the 2 and the spooky/horror things occurred around or in the car ! . . I never seen any movies from Emily Blunt , She reminds me soo much of `` Kate Winslet '' were like they twins in looks and acting !! But she done the hell of the job , The expressions on her face & Attitude shows real good acting & solid in this flick . LOVED IT , Ashthon was good and kinda creepy . Great cast thats for SURE !!! . This flick Was base in cold BONE chilling weather , I was soo into this flick just watching these 2 in the car , They was sooo COLD . . inside & outside the car was ICE and SNOW is 32 blow zero ... I was just put some more blanket and pillows on & around me to keep me warm lol , U could feel the COLD & chills in your bones !! And then the heather in my house was on and reads 75 . was just crazy !! . Real love the scrip and nicely done & shot . Great thriller/horror flick . NOT SHOULD BE MISSED , if u like good old fashion spooky scary ghost story , LIKED it a lot ! B +
 Wind Chill is a great little gem within the horror genre of the film industry . This film may not be a conventional horror flick , but its usage of shocking scenes , twists , and mystery add enough suspense to the overall viewing experience that anyone looking for a good horror movie should check out . The film is surrounded in mystery , and this adds greatly to the overall `` scare '' factor that it portrays.The film begins by showing us the college campus of a young girl , played by Emily Blunt . The girl is in the process of finishing her final exam before the campus closes for the winter in order to allow students to return home for the Christmas holiday . Normally , the young woman uses a flight service to return to her hometown in Delaware , however , this year she decides to try to save money and use a different method of travel . Her friend suggests that she uses the college 's `` ride board '' in order to find someone willing to take her to Delaware.After looking for a ride on the `` ride board '' at the university campus , the girl locates someone headed to Delaware for the Christmas holiday as well , and she decides to give the individual a call . Upon their first meeting , the girl and the young man have a lot of tension between each other , and the long drive does not seem to be helping out the situation either.Upon stopping midway through their drive , the two stop at a gas station in order to allow the young woman to utilize the restroom within the facility . Things begin to take a turn for the worse , as the girl becomes trapped within the restroom , and no one outside is capable of hearing her shrieks for help . Upon exiting and escaping the confinement of the room , she begins to suspect her driver has other intentions , and the feeling is passed onto the viewer as well.As time progresses , the young girl become more suspicious of her driver 's true intentions , especially after driving her off the main highway , onto a deserted road covered in ice and darkness . After being run off the road by another vehicle , the two students are now stranded on the icy road , alone . Once on this road , however , the two must help one another fight off the constant appearance of entities from the past who continue to harass the couple . The ghosts appear constantly , and the moments building up to their appearance are very tense , and filled with a lot of suspense and `` chills '' . With the temperature getting lower , and the ghosts become more violent , the two students must fight off the violent spirits as well as the deadly temperatures . The movie begins to show the true nature of the driver , as well as dig deeper into the past to reveal the true purpose of the ghosts . With these surprises being revealed gradually , the film begins to unveil some of its mysterious nature that it is encompassed with.The film is truly suspenseful and full of mystery , even to the point where neither main character is given a name . Unraveling the true intentions of all the characters involved is great , and it truly adds to the overall depth and enjoyment of the film . With a great setting , and well paced scares and thrills , the film is bound to keep you on your toes throughout its entire play-time . The entire is unexpected , and makes the viewer rethink a lot of the events that occurred throughout the film . Wind Chill is a film worth adding to your collection .
 A trip home for Christmas through a desolate backwoods road ends in a disaster for two college students that are left stranded in the snow after surviving a horrible accident . As the pair soon finds out , the road has claimed many other victims in the past , victims whose ghostly remains continue to haunt the lonesome patch of highway . WIND CHILL is a beautifully shot and atmospheric ghost tale that uses cool blue filters , harsh weather conditions , and creepy shadow figures to create an overall unsettling mood . Emily Blunt and Ashton Holmes draw the audience in with a strong initial build , but unfortunately their momentum is lost after the hour mark as the script loses focus and dissolves into a muddled mess . Before this , however , it does create sufficient thrills , suspense , and tension through Holmes ' dubious intentions and the understated spirits haunting the forest . Gregory Jacobs delivers another case of style over substance that offers enough chills to earn itself at least a single viewing.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 I stumbled over this little gem just the other day . After seeing Miss Blunt in Prada I decided it was worth taking a look . I was n't disappointed . The film is your basic ghost story , memory , loss , the dead trapped between two worlds etc , but with some twists . It does have shades of Asian horror . Think the Grudge . The film visually looks as bleak as the frozen landscape . It only adds to the sense of doom and claustrophobia for the `` Guy '' and `` Gal '' . And Martin Donovan who I loved as the gay dad fighting for custody of his son in the film Hollow Reed , is so scary in this . Check it out .
 You almost needed a magnifying glass to spot this one ! I picked this one up because of the very talented Emily Blunt and the plot seemed downright frightening.The film starts out with a mega bitchy Emily Blunt , her character is unnamed in the film , finishing her final exams and texting her friend with her holiday plans . It seems that she will have to take a bus to commute home and her friend tells her to go check the board at school to see if she can catch a ride with a fellow student . She finds a creepy guy going in her direction and they set off for Delaware !! But once in the car you can feel the tension between the two passengers . He wants to talk and she wants to block him out . He kind of gives it away that he does n't even live in Delaware and this whole thing was just so that they could ` spend some alone time together ' . By this time she is completely freaked and demands that he pull over but this is all brushed aside when a mystery car comes into the night and forces them off the road.This would n't be a scary movie if it was a nice grassy plain they crashed into . No - they crash into a snow bank at night on the creepiest highway EVER . The film takes place in the course of a day - and that just makes it that much scarier . They have no heat and the driver has sustained some injuries thanks to their collision . But who can care about the 28 below temperature when ghosts are seen just walking up and down the street ? It seems that this highway is haunted by more than just one ghost.There is so much tension all throughout this movie and it adds to the suspense . Imagine being stuck in an old car in the dead of winter with terrifying creatures just coming in and out of focus . Although I do NOT believe in ghosts I found that for the most part the film was very believable . Emily Blunt shines as she becomes completely vulnerable by the end of the film . Ashton Holmes is good as well.I watched this at night in the middle of summer and I had to get a blanket . The special features provided a more in depth look at the story behind the movie . This is not your typical gore fest horror - it is more of a suspenseful ghost story that takes place in a car in the middle of nowhere at night surrounded by snow . All in all I would have to say that I recommend this film to anyone who likes claustrophobic thrillers and creepy ghost stories .
 The movie starts out with a guy giving a girl a ride home from college on winter break . From the start something appeared wrong with both of them but you had to keep watching or guessing to figure out what was happening . She gets locked in a stall and no one hears her , maybe she 's dead and thats what we are going find out . Then the man takes a snow covered road . I know since I travel plenty of miles in the winter and with an old car , but not as crappy as his , that it wont last long . He is driven off the road by anther vehicle but there is no sign of it . Then everything is revealed and the movie drags for maybe twenty minutes . Then things start to happen and the movie picks up with one jolt after anther . The ending was decent but it felt weak , like the could n't figure out how to end the film . The atmosphere was perfect ; Winter is much better in horror films because its hard to move in snow and it feels like your trapped at every turn . I enjoyed the film overall and will admit , its one straight to dvd horror film that is well worth watching .
 When Christmas break rolls around a young woman -LRB- Emily Blunt -RRB- waits to the last minute to find a ride . A suggestion to her cell phone makes her take a look at the local kiosk where she finds a share a ride notice for someone heading her way.She meets up with the young man offering the ride -LRB- Ashton Holmes -RRB- and they head out on the road , forgetting several packages in the parking lot that would have come in useful later . Along the way the girl -LRB- that 's how she 's listed in the credits -RRB- offers a totally unsocial atmosphere to her benefactor.During their conversations things begin to look a bit unusual . Subtle clues point out that this young man may not be who he claims . His knowledge of where she comes from and where he is heading is lacking . His interest in her seems a bit overdone . And eventually his attempts to impress her result in them crashing the car in a snow bank in one of the worst storms that year.Stranded in the snow and lacking any food items -LRB- told you those bags left in the parking lot would have come in handy -RRB- they do their best to survive . The road he chose as a short cut turned out to be one sparsely traveled at best . The only car seen for some time was the one that ran them off the road.Cold and hungry , he sets out to find help at the gas station several miles back down the road . While he is gone , the girl begins to see things . People who are n't there , And one who is , a man wrapped in wire and struggling to walk . When she gets back to the car the young man returns and neither can find any evidence of the man she saw.The films plays on the desolate location and the sights and sounds the pair see or perhaps do n't see . Are the images before them real or imagined ? Or perhaps they are the ghosts of lives past who have also traveled the road.One set is a group of what appears to be monks . Upon investigation the young man finds a burned out house that still holds the remains of several men in their bunks . But the most startling image is that of a state patrolman who seems more intent on doing harm than helping.When the young man is injured , it 's up to the woman to save them . Taking a phone and hoping to connect on the pole that stands along in the white wonderland , she climbs with the intent of seeking help . She does so but even this person is not safe from the patrolman.But again we are left to wonder , as he appears and disappears , is he real or not ? The clues are there for all to see and you might even have the chance of putting them together to figure out the whole story . But before it happens , you 'll be jolted back and forth from calm to fear , from safe to danger , in a story that chills not just because of location but because of the forces behind it as well.The acting is quite well for such a small film . It relies completely on the two leads to carry off not only the difficulties between them but the dependence on one another as well . Is he a stalker ? Did he crash on purpose ? And how are the people they see connected to what 's going on?If you 're in need of a good chill -LRB- perhaps not this winter but while in front of the fireplace of heater -RRB- then this movie is worth looking for . It offers a better scare that is more in mind than out and keeps you guessing .
 -LRB- 31/2 * 's -RRB- George Clooney and Stephen Soderbergh have teamed up once again to produce ` Wind Chill , ' a horror movie that 's more and less than one expects from a horror film . First of all , it 's equally a survivor story and a stalker/romance as well as ghost story with a colorful history . Do n't get me wrong , there are some scary moments in the movie , but the film admirably relies more on suspense and ambiguity in its presentation . All of it comes together in a way that 's as invigorating as a cold , arctic blast from Canada.The movie starts with some familiar on-the-road setup , complete with the car that breaks down and everything goes wrong . From there the developments are often different , however . Mysterious without names , the `` Gal '' -LRB- Emily Blunt -RRB- foregoes the plane ride from college exams before holiday break and decides to take the Greyhound bus . That is until she gets a text message during an exam inviting her to hook up with a ride from the posted message board . She finds someone who 's headed to Delaware , so on a lark she calls to make the connection.The `` Guy '' -LRB- Ashton Holmes -RRB- seems wholly accommodating , except they both are in many ways a mismatch . She finds him asleep at the wheel , waiting in the parking lot . She does n't have much room to put her stuff , but has less room to complain when she shows up late in the first place . He shows a keen interest in her , even imposing on her cell phone calls and demanding her to engage in conversation as `` her part of the deal '' . Things are n't as they seem , and , ambiguity is a cornerstone to the movie 's development . It turns out that he knows a great deal more about her than she would expect , and his interest becomes more than practical , especially when he refuses to let her pay her share of the gas money . When they come upon a remote gas station , gaunt , shadowy figures surround her . She gets an unnerving sense that the journey is stacked against her , but not all the evidence adds up . Is she a little paranoid and overly suspicious ? Is he chivalrous in an old-fashioned , but patronizing way , or is he a stalker ? When they leave the gas station , he abruptly turns out on remote Highway 606 much to her chagrin . Soon they get into an argument , one that escalates as an oncoming car , forces them off the road in an accident that has alarming consequences looming before them.Stranded they are left to encounter a barren area that contains a haunted past , one that fills their dream life until reality and supernatural start to blur . More pressing is the need for the basics of survival as the radio announces the night will bring a 30 below wind chill , and they notice the gas tank is slowly leaking along with their prospects . In the meantime , not only is the area haunted with a violent past , but the `` Guy '' has been keeping secrets from the `` Gal '' that slowly unfurl like a weather vein . ` Wind Chill ' is as much of a drama and a mystery as it is a horror film . Having seen the all-too-familiar developments of campfire horror films like ` Vacancy , ' ` Wind Chill ' is ahead of the front with a thoughtful , yet chilling development .
 To be honest , the cover of the movie alone would cause me not to see it . I even avoid the genre of low budget ` horror ' b-movies altogether . So why did I see it ? Emily Blunt . And I could n't be happier about givng this movie a chance.The movie does lack on the horror side of the story , with not much originality . And the movie is n't really all that scary , but it 's not trying to be , and I think them not trying so hard is why this move is so good . They rely on acting and character development , with a good romance development , and anything scary that happens is only a means to develope the relationship between these characters.Expertly acted and directed , it would be a shame if you passed this small gem up for the reasons I almost did . And I can assure you that you would enjoy it even if you do n't know , or care , who Emily Blunt is .
 My spotlight reviewer buddy , JP , got me interested in this film and all I can say is thanks for the night of no sleep , JP ! : > -RRB- I 'm going to keep this review short as JP 's Picks , a current Spotlight Review , really got all the details dead on -LRB- I could n't resist the pun -RRB- , and today I am enjoying my 22nd anniversary with my wife ; however , I have a little time here to write this review about this wickedly intense little chiller that is low on gore , sex and violence and high on chills , storyline , and character development . Of course , this may explain the love it or hate reviews you see posted . I 'm okay with that as this kind of chiller really is n't for everyone tastes and many small films are like that as they are targeted at a specific audience.I found the performances by the two leads to be exceptionally believable and layered . Emily Blount is a real standout in her role as `` the girl '' simply trying to get home from college by bumming a ride off a `` guy '' -LRB- no names in this flick -RRB- who may or may not be what he seems . Both characters are extremely well written and the kind of people you 'd swear that you 've met before in your life . They may even be representative of you yourself.The story is deliberately slow moving , which will frustrate the action/violence lovers who may stumble upon this film ; however , the action does increase , as does the suspense with each unfolding `` episode '' of terror in this story.The plot of the story does have a `` been there done that '' feel , but there are numerous clever twists that play out in this somewhat familiar tale and that 's is why I 'm really reluctant to get into any details of the plot , but let 's just say that this trip home the `` girl '' makes feels like a bad acid trip in the isolated Yukon with Stephen King at the wheel . ` Nough said . : > -RRB-
 WIND CHILL is an excellent horror movie & character study of a male & female college student driving home for the winter holiday break -- and who end up in a snow-enclosed , terrifying Twilight Zone . Emily Blunt & Ashton Holmes are the students and both are very good actors . Emily Blunt is particularly impressive as the cynical & control freak co-ed who just wants to get home with a stranger she begins to suspect is up to no good -- but it 's not the self-effacing male student who proves to be her worst nightmare.The theme of Nietzche 's `` Eternal Return '' pops up in the student 's initial getting-to-know-you chit chat -- and forshadows the terrifying events to come . This is more than a 20 's - something angst . All the creative elements indicate a mature vision & production.This is a keeper . I just watched WIND CHILL for the third time & could even watch it again tonight -- and might just do that .
 Honestly , I thought this movie was fantastic . I have been excited to see this since I read about it in Fangoria a few months back . The only other film I had seen Emily Blunt in was Devil Wears Prada , which was not my cup of tea , but she was best part of that film . And there are n't a lot of people that ` do ' creepy as good as Martin Donovan 's cop ; and he does not dissapoint in this either . Emily 's co-star , Ashton Holmes , from History of Violence , was perfect as the shy , slightly stalkerish ` guy ' . The non - use of character names for Blunt and Holmes ' characters just adds to the erieness -LRB- ? -RRB- of this film . However , the story is so friggin good that you do n't notice these two do n't have names ! And the fact that these two are , for the most part , the only two faces on the screen for 90 % of the film , is a statement to their acting ability that they can hold the audience . I felt kind of sad as I read some of the other reviews of this film , as I relaized that no one gets scared , or better , creeped out anymore by something as simple as a blurred figure walking by a wrecked car , with a girl inside , in the middle of a snowbank . Think about it , you 're alone in a car that just crashed , on a desolate road mind you , into a snowbank . The driver leaves to find help , leaving you to attempt to tape up the gap in the window . Your breath has fogged the windows to the point that you can not clearly see outside . There is n't a soul insight . Or so you think . Suddenly there is movement outside the window . You ca n't see who it is ; assume it 's your friend ... except this figure keeps shuffling by the car ... oblivious to it and the person inside . It 's pitch black , snow is falling and you need help . What do you do ? Obviously you have to see this scene to really get the idea of what these characters went through . But it was creepy as hell . I think , unfortunatly , that we have all become so desensitized -LRB- sp ? -RRB- to blood and gore that when we see a horror film we expect bloodshed . And when we do n't get it , then the movie is no good . think Phantoms with Affleck , McGowan and O'Toole . A phenomenal movie ! Unreal sounds -LRB- C'mon , when has Patsy Cline 's `` I Fall to Pieces '' given you chills , in a scary way ? -RRB- and visuals etc. . . A town , completely void of humans , when only hours before it was a normal , operating town . Well , Wind Chill has a very similar feeling to Phantoms . It 's just plain creepy and spooky . No , there is n't bloodshed , or chainsaws ripping through people , and mind you , I love those movies as well , but this does it with atmosphere , pure and simple . Please give this movie a chance . Do n't go in with expectations other than `` I wan na be scared and creeped out . '' If you expect Hostel or F13 , you will be disappointed . And remember , The Changeling , The Others , and Ghost Story were horror movies too . Each without -LRB- or close to it -RRB- a drop of blood hitting the screen . They all did it with story , atmosphere and acting . And so does Wind Chill .
 i love this movie , i 'm glad i was able to find it . its really good . condition fo movie was good , got here on time .
 Clooney/Soderbergh 's `` Wind Chill '' has been misjudged very harshly by most viewers -- perhaps the problem lies with that first 15 minutes -LRB- character development , plot building -RRB- and the noticeable absence of people being set on fire , stabbed , led into porn/grindhouse brothels , etc. . These are the kinds of old tricks most `` horror fans '' expect these days.What we have instead , fortunately , is a genuinely frightening exercise in a re-emerging horror technique that rarely fails to deliver
 I consider myself a pretty big movie buff , especially when it comes down to Horror films . I 've been watching them since I was a little kid and it 's become some what of a hobby of mine . The more I watch , the better ! Ever since the likes of HELLRAISER , POLTERGEIST , THE AMITYVILLE HORROR and THE EXORCIST entered my life , I 've been hooked to the genre . Horror movies have some of the best aspects of film making , when it comes down to the wide world of cinema . To truly unsettle the audience is a hard thing to capture.Now , I came into the movie WIND CHILL with no prior knowledge of what the film was about before hand . As a matter of fact , I only dropped about $ 3 bucks on it at a local department store as an impulse buy . Sometimes I like doing that because I 've been pleasantly surprised in the past with some random films . Which is the case with the movie at hand here . Reading the synopsis on the back , I did n't think too much about it at the time . I thought it would be an average Horror film about a psychopath and nothing more . As it turns out , my assumption was wrong . Dead wrong!First of all , an interesting thing about the movie WIND CHILL is that it 's produced by George Clooney . ` Yup ! You heard me right . For seemingly no reason at all , Mr. Clooney has decided to grace us with his production presence on the random Horror film WIND CHILL . Now , I know George Clooney is no stranger to the world of Horror -LRB- FROM DUSK 'TIL DAWN -RRB- but what I want to know here is `` why ? '' Did he like the script ? Did someone pitch the idea to him as a favor ? It just seems a little out of nowhere if you ask me . WIND CHILL is a good movie never the less.Basically it 's about this young College girl -LRB- never named in the movie -RRB- who is trying to go home for the holidays . She does n't have a car and she does n't want to fly or take the bus home for some strange reason . So she decides to check some local College personals for someone who is heading home in her direction . Personally I find this whole concept a little strange . I 've never heard of any College having a `` Ride Board '' -LRB- a wall with flyers on it of people asking for rides or giving them -RRB- but then again , maybe I 'm just not `` hip '' with todays College youth.Anyways , this anonymous College girl meets a guy on this board -LRB- also never named in the movie -RRB- who happens to be going to her exact destination . Well , in these type of movies , things are n't always what they seem . As the movie progresses forward , our main female character starts to discover that her driver has n't been truthful to her from the start . Paranoia sets in for her and finally the guy admits that he 's been stalking her for a while . This news sends the girl into a panic and as they argue in the car , a mysterious driver coming the opposite way down the road , almost gets them all into an accident . Their car crashes into a snow embankment , getting stuck in the ditch.Eventually the girl accuses the guy of planning the whole thing , even the car running them off the road ! As you 're watching the movie , you start to think this is the only aspect of WIND CHILL . Creepy guy stalking and lying to the girl , both stranded together on some dark and snowy highway , a paranoid thriller in other words . That is until the ghosts come into the picture!What I liked about WIND CHILL the most was the acting , pacing and atmosphere . Normally with most lame and over the top Hollywood PG-13 ghost stories , the movie ends up being nothing more than a boring exercise in mediocrity . No zest , no passion , no Horror ! WIND CHILL is the rare modern ghost story that is n't afraid to have an R rating . Sometimes you need to use adult subject matter to make a successful Horror film . Using a bunch of trendy themes , lame CGI and keeping the movie PG-13 really drags down the image of what a true Horror movie is . I 'm talking about such films as BOOGEYMAN -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , THE SKELETON KEY -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , PULSE -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , all of which are luke warm at best . WIND CHILL is a hundred times better than those other films.Gore Hounds , check it out for interesting ghost effect make-up . The over all movie is n't very bloody but then again , it does n't need to be . This is more about tension and atmosphere , not blood and guts . It 's not a perfect Horror film -LRB- a few parts had me just scratching my head -RRB- but it 's better than most . You get the feeling the director took the project seriously and the end result truly shows . This is an unexpected treat . Give it a shot , you might find that you liked it!I 've said my bit . Over and out .
 awesome product awesome shape awesome movie got ta love horror horror rocks 5 out of 5 highly suggest buying dvd rules
 This is a great horror film . you have to pay attention and look through the windows of the car . you will see ghosts walking by or the police office peeking in the windows . its a great movie and some jumps in it . but you have to pay attention to the shadows .
 Great acting , meaningful dialogue , and unlike most horror movies , the plot has real direction from beginning to end.I 'm not familiar with Emily Blunt , but her performance is definitelya cut above the sub-par performances in most horror movies .
 I have been watching horror films for 30 years and I have grown tired of what much of the genre has become
 WIND CHILL is a suspense / thriller / horror / ghost story / love story / mystery / drama / tragedy with a rather humorous beginning . Sound ambitious ? It is , but manages to somehow balance all of these elements rather well . The main characters -LRB- Emily Blunt and Ashton Holmes -RRB- are believable , even in their unbelievably supernatural situation . If I had to compare CHILL to any other movie , it would be DEAD END . Both films include paranormal happenings on the road , in the middle of nowhere . Both have twists , tension , and mysterious characters . They are both set at christmas-time to boot ! WIND CHILL is well worth a watch or two ...
 2007 's `` Wind Chill '' is a mystery/horror film about a college gal -LRB- Emily Blunt -RRB- sharing a 6-hour ride with a male student -LRB- Ashton Holmes -RRB- home to Delaware . The guy is supposed to be a stranger but it turns out he knows more about her than anticipated . The story takes a tragic ghostly turn when they get stranded on Route 606 in the bitter evening cold.I should point out right away that `` Wind Chill '' is inexplicably rated ` R ' ; there 's really nothing in the film that should warrant such a rating -- there 's no sex -LRB- although there 's a bit o ' romance -RRB- , very little cussing -LRB- realistic , not overkill -RRB- and hardly any gore . If you want that see `` Cabin Fever '' or `` Friday the 13th . '' `` Wind Chill '' shoots for something more profound , haunting and classy , like `` The Mothman Prophecies '' . The film is what I would call an `` isolated environment '' movie wherein the main characters are stuck in a confined situation for the better part of the picture , like in `` Prey '' where a woman and her two stepkids are stuck in a jeep fending off lions or `` The Mist '' where the characters are barricaded in a supermarket from the onslaught of otherworldly creatures . This scenario tended to work against those films as the confined setting became tedious -LRB- although `` The Mist '' redeems itself with one of the most unforgettable , awe-inspiring climaxes in film history -RRB- -LRB- and I still think `` Prey '' is worth catching for nature-runs-amok enthusiasts -RRB- . By contrast , the confined setting somehow works in `` Wind Chill . '' How so ? I would chalk it up to great writing , acting and movie-making . Think about it , there are essentially only two characters in this entire 91-minute film . For it to work it HAS to have stellar casting , writing and acting . It dawned on me while watching that `` Wind Chill '' is largely a dialogue-driven picture ; the banter between the two protagonists pulled me in and sustained my interest , which is n't easy seeing as how `` isolated environment '' movies tend to try the viewer 's patience & interest by their very nature.Emily Blunt is easy on the eyes -LRB- what an understatement -RRB- but comes off a bit witchy and therefore unattractive initially , yet this plays into what the film is really about . Is n't this a mystery/horror flick ? Yes , but the ghostly trappings are merely a stage for a tale of redemption . Unfortunately redemption always has a hefty price tag , not to mention love must fit into the mix somewhere . So , at its core , `` Wind Chill '' is a mystery chiller of love and redemption . Who it is that needs redeemed and why I 'll leave to you to figure out , as well as who pays the price.The score is awe-inspiring , in particular the piece at the beginning and end -LRB- and during the credits -RRB- . Although the story takes place in the East the film was shot in British Columbia . These are great locations , of course , but I 'm starting to grow weary of the fact that 90 % of these types of flicks are shot in B.C. Incidentally , the tale obviously occurs in Eastern Pennsylvania in light of a reference to Harrisburg on the radio and the I-476 highway sign -LRB- I-476 runs North-to-South from Scranton to Philadelphia -RRB- . I have a couple of cavils
 every once in a while , a sleeper of a creepy good watch comes along . so is the case of this dvd . not quite a true horror film and not all suspense , it straddles a fence between the two much in the way that michael j fox 's `` the frighteners '' does . to say any more would give away some of the plotline and i think that would be unfair to the readers here . enough to say that i recommend it highly . it is an especially eerie seasonal -LRB- winter/christmas -RRB- film . -LRB- unless , of course , you have kids making their way home from college ! -RRB-
 I will soon be driving home for Christmas and thought it would be appropriate to watch `` Wind Chill . '' This slice of holiday horror fare gave me goose bumps . What begins as a routine stalker film turns into a supernatural thriller . Think `` P2 '' meets `` Desperation . `` Finals are over and Christmas break has begun . A self-centered engineering student -LRB- wonderfully portrayed by Emily Blunt of `` The Devil Wears Prada '' fame -RRB- foolishly accepts a ride home from a lonely classmate -LRB- Ashton Holmes -RRB- . Soon Blunt realizes that Holmes does not live near her home in Delaware . Worse yet , he detours from the interstate and takes a shortcut on an abandoned highway . What does he want ? Soon the couple are involved in an accident and the car is snowbound . With no means to call for help and the temperature dropping , they learn that someone or something wants them dead . Who will live to see the morning ? `` Wind Chill '' is a unique blend of stalker and ghost genres . It is highly recommended if you enjoy either genre . The fact that it occurs during the Christmas holidays is an extra bonus.Blunt 's character exhibits a wonderful transformation from selfish to caring as she struggles to survive an obsessed stalker , the ghost of a dead serial killer , and a freezing environment . The odds are against her . However , the odds are in your favor that you will enjoy this icy thriller .
 This is a very cool , character driven , horror movie . It skips the gratuitous gore in favor of ghostly figures on a barren , snowy landscape . I thought I was pretty much impervious to scares in horror movies , but this actually made me jump out of my seat and scream twice . The atmosphere , music and acting are all excellent for a movie that was straight to DVD as I think this one was .
 This shivery little story as two strong believable performances keeping it anchored . The ghostly aspects are not as consistent , but the central characters keep you hooked . Great for a wintry night .
 I actually was pretty surprised at this movie . I 'll agree with the other reviewers that it was slow at times , but I felt it added more suspense . Makes me not to every go on a empty road with snow ! Ironically after I viewed this movie , I watched a rerun of an older Cold Case file episode that was quit similar -LRB- storywise -RRB- to this movie heh .
 this was really a good movie ... like everyone else says it relies more on chills ... excellent movie , would give it 10 stars ...
 this was a great movie . started slow but yet it is one of those that you have to pay attention to . but as i was watching things looked real but were out of place . kept me at the edge because what is going to happen now
 Wind Chill is a lower budgeted horror film with a very simple plot - An unnamed college girl has to get home for Christmas , so she quickly finds an ad from a public campus bulletin board for someone who 's willing to give a ride to Delaware , where she 's from . The shy unnamed guy takes her on a chilly dim winter afternoon in a beat-up 4-door and after some good characterization and dialogue while driving and stopping in a greasy gas station for a pit stop , she discovers he 's not really who he says he is and his intentions have more to do with weirdo nerdo puppy love than just a decent guy doing someone a favor . They crash in an off road in the middle of the woods and are snowed in due to the snow and freezing weather . They are left stranded and slowly find themselves being haunted by some mid-wood ghosts that they -LRB- kinda stupidly -RRB- discover died decades ago in the area and are being used as pawns by the ghosts from the past tragedy.Originally I felt this was going to be another run of the mill cheese thriller , but what kept me watching was the star , Emily Blunt , who did a good job portraying the bitter and sarcastic tired college girl . Her and her attractive yet nerdy male co-star show good chemistry in their dialogue , which I shall say flows well and keeps things interesting . The cold and desolate cinematography and various spooky camera angles portraying these ghosts keeps you somewhat on your toes , not to also mention that the film uses a good amount of dark and almost blackened shots to really liven up the deserted atmosphere ; add to this an impressive synthesized soundtrack . The story written with the ghosts is done pretty well , and though a couple of scenes are somewhat cheesy and add a couple of unexplained plot holes , they are n't a big deal and can be easily overlooked.What makes this movie work is the growth of both characters - there is more dialogue in this than your typical horror flick of simply sex and screams . The two characters here are really all you get for almost 2 hours , therefore their chemistry was vital . And it does a good job and works . The build-up of their eventual friendship is real , and Emily Blunt is a breath of fresh air as she is n't just another screaming horror flick sexpot , but shows strength , realism and integrity . Her and her male co-star need to work together to get themselves out of the situation . It 's great to see her trust in the guy build as the story progresses , and at first she sees him as some lying psycho with bad intentions , but soon discovers he 's just a shy guy who took her through a loop but with gentle and sweet intentions . The transitions are gradual and more realistic than about 95 % of modern straight-to-video horror flicks.The ending also makes a good build-up , and though there are no eye-popping twists , it does satisfy for what the movie was a whole is.For this cheap Amazon price , I would most definitely recommend picking this one up for a Friday or Saturday quiet date night .
 The Girl.The Guy.The crummy car.The forgotten groceries.The locked bathroom.The secret he knows.The wrong road.The storm gets worse.December 23rd . ~ ~ Freezing ~ ~ . Route 606 . Crosses in the treeslook at the car.Oncoming headlights.Both knocked out.The radio plays.The cell phones do n't . Oh , not that song again!Something happens with that tuneSomething bad.The evil sherrif.The nightmares continuesto the same spot.Does anyone escape?Time warps.The revolving hour glass .
 This was a really good movie considering I had never heard of it , I saw George Clooney was an exec producer on it and decided to watch it . The actors were really good in it , and it is basically them , stuck in their car , in the middle of a long deserted highway , waiting for help as they are trapped inside by the evil being -LRB- s -RRB- waiting for them outside . Just one thing , could somebody please give Ashton Holmes a role where he is able to have some happiness , that would be great .
 I love snow movies , especially when they are like this one , abandoned in snowy landscape middle of nowhere all night and menaced by phantoms ! Ca n't remember if wind was howling too , but I think it was . It 's great watching something like this , alone , and with all lights out so you 're sat in total darkness apart from the dvd on screen . My only complaint -LRB- hence only four stars instead of five -RRB- was that some of the ` ghosts ' or whatever they were , were a bit OTT , especially the one with the eel or whatever it was meant to be , when things like that start happening , I lose a bit of interest because it just seems so silly , and unnecessary , as , so often in movies what is hinted at , or only half seen , is far more effective than straight-up , in-your-face silliness , and at one point in the midst of some of the dreams , hallucinations , happening from the past , or time warp memory or whatever , I found myself growing a little bored , whereas throughout the rest of the movie , I was riveted , especially the bit where Emily Blunt 's character goes out alone into the raging blizzard to climb a telegraph pole in the middle of the night with the threat of phantoms appearing at any moment . That , combined with the wild elements of the weather and the dark coniferous trees was a superb touch and my favourite moment in the whole movie . A very effective scene indeed.The two characters worked well together and were believable and , as they grew closer , their plight , coupled with their growing closeness , was very touching and ulitmately very sad , given the outcome.A joy to watch and I wish they made more movies like this one .
 Ah , yes , the old `` who needs a ride ? '' trick to spend some quality time with a hot coed - why did n't I think of that when I was in college ? You get your chance to wow and impress the girl , and she gets the ride home she needs without having to worry about riding a bus - everyone 's happy , right ? Not in this case - and that 's putting it mildly . It makes for one terrific movie , though . I know some people wo n't embrace this story , but I loved it . Sure , it has a few rough edges , but it 's a surprisingly intelligent , atmospheric , gripping little gem of a film . And , while it 's more of a psychological thriller than a horror film per se , Wind Chill has its creepy moments . I do n't know if I was just off my guard or tired or what , but this thing even elicited a small cry of surprise from my throat at one point - and that almost never , ever happens.The best thing about Wind Chill - well , actually the best thing about it is Emily Blunt - but the next best thing is the film 's ability to move in different directions at just the right time . Just when you think you have it all figured out , the story squirts right out of your arms like a greased pig . This makes the film a little more convoluted than some viewers might like , resulting in some confusion - despite the fact that I believe it spoon feeds you almost too much in the end . We 're so used to the almost complete lack of creative ideas coming out Hollywood that your first instinct is to compare what you are seeing with other movies . The filmmakers in this case actually use that to the film 's advantage , however . When you 're wondering whether this is anotherWrong Turn , The Hitcher -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , Jeepers Creepers , The Hills Have Eyes , etc. , you 're wonderfully vulnerable to this film 's different transitions - and , in the end , I think Wind Chill manages to carve a nice little cozy niche for itself.The main characters are not given names , so I 'll be referring to them as Girl and Guy . Girl -LRB- Emily Blunt -RRB- is planning to take a bus home to Delaware over Christmas break , then follows up on someone 's suggestion to check the message boards for a possible ride . That 's how she ends up riding home with Guy -LRB- Ashton Holmes -RRB- , and it is not an easy trip . For starters , she treats him rather shabbily , as she 's in full ice queen mode ; she can hardly be bothered to even talk to him . She also senses , right from the start , that something just is n't right about Guy ; her sense of foreboding only increases when she learns that Guy knows things about her that he really should n't know . When Guy decides to suddenly leave the highway in favor of a `` shortcut '' in the form of a snow-covered country road , she reaches her breaking point and starts demanding answers from this fellow she now sees as a threat . Then everything changes in a heartbeat , as an accident leaves the pair stranded by the side of the exceedingly lonely road . The intensity of the film slowly builds to a feverish pitch from this point on . I wo n't go into any of the details , but it is clear that very strange doings are going on in the woods beside the road.I was happily surprised by the level of intensity this film managed to generate and retain throughout . I really had no idea how the story would play out in the end until the film 's final moments , and for that I have to give the director , writers , and actors all kinds of credit . Wind Chill simply refuses to ever let you get comfortable in your role as a viewer , and that makes it quite a rare commodity in today 's horror market . It 's also the only film I can think of that utilizes the philosophy of Nietzsche as an integral part of the story . This is truly one of those `` we need more like this '' horror films .
 Are you in the mood for an old-fashioned ghost story ? Are you getting a little tired of the one-upmanship of gore going on in the horror genre ? Then maybe you 'll enjoy this atmospheric chiller as much as I did.Emily Blunt -LRB- Meryl Streep 's assistant inThe Devil Wears Prada -RRB- is a college girl needing a ride home for winter break . Ashton Holmes -LRB- A History of Violence -RRB- is the guy offering to give her a lift . Evening is approaching and after getting some directions at a rest stop , the two venture onto a lonely snow covered road that 's supposed to be a shortcut back to the main highway . They soon get run off the road by an oncoming car and get stuck in a snow drift . To make matters worse , it starts to snow and some decisions have to be made about what to do.This lays the foundation of a great little story written by Joe Gangemi and Steven Katz -LRB- Shadow of the Vampire -RRB- . It 's a little bit claustrophobic with a lot of time being spent in the car and out of the elements . The two do n't really know each that well , so there 's a lot of focus on dialog as the guy and the girl -LRB- there 's never any names mentioned -RRB- try to figure each other out . So we 're a little uneasy with them , a little uneasy with the situation , and a little uneasy with some creepy people who walk by occasionally.There 's a nice slowly paced build-up in the story . The visuals are great . It 's a snowy night with only ambient light , so everything is in shades of blue with lots of shadows everywhere . Gregory Jacobs does a fine job directing his second movie -LRB- the first wasCriminal -RRB- after being an assistant director for many of George Clooney 's movies -- who , by the way , teams up with Steven Soderbergh as Executive Producers on this venture.If you 're easily bored if there 's not enough action to advance a story , this flick probably is n't for you . On the other hand , if you 're willing to overlook a few minor flaws , there 's plenty of ghostly atmosphere to immerse yourself in for a very enjoyable 90 minutes .
 You never know what to expect with these little , under-the-radar horror dvds . On the rack , they all look the same , with pretty cover art that you suspect will end up having been the best part of the movie inside . Luckily , WIND CHILL is a very pleasant surprise ! It 's a very creepy , very well made suspense/horror film that ends as well as it begins.Two students who meet through a `` Need a Ride ? '' flyer on a college campus drive home together for Christmas break . The weather is miserable , snowy and bleak . The sky is grey , and the radio promises lots more snow for their long ride home . A stupid short cut is attempted through an unplowed back road , and the two are forced off the road and into a snowbank by a mysterious vehicle coming the opposite way.Trapped in the snowbank , unable to hike back to any sort of civilization , and without cellphones , food or warmth , they prepare to survive the night with temperatures dropping to 30 below zero . And that 's when they see their first shadowy figure.I LOVE movies like this . There is n't much if any gross out , just a creepy , and appropriately vague ghostly mystery to survive while trying to hold out against below freezing temperatures with a companion you 're not sure you can trust . The movie lost me at one point , during an overturned police car scene . Things became too clear , too `` defeat the villain ! '' for me for a moment , -LRB- you 'll see when you get there -RRB- but the movie snaps right back into place , and ends beautifully , sadly , and with the creepiness intact.I 'd like to give this a 5 star rating , my wife and I enjoyed it so much . But it is n't a perfect film , just a perfect way to spend an evening in your living room under a blanket !
 This movie was limited theatrical release so I never got the chance to see it on the big screen , but I anxiously awaited the dvd release and I must say for me it was well worth the wait . The actors did a good job ; the acting was n't overdone or cheesy like alot of horror flicks nowadays ... very natural ... they just did what was necessary to convey the mood . I fell in love with -LSB- the two main characters -RSB- by the end , and what I really loved about them was watching the evolution of their interpersonal dynamic . Again , nothing there was overdone ; it seemed pretty natural that they 'd evolve the way they did . As for the plot of the film , I feel WIND CHILL did a pretty good job of tying all the little details together -LRB- i.e. foreshawdowing etc. -RRB- , keeping you in suspense , and keeping the viewer captivated ... by the end everything seemed to fall into place in terms of the plot , the characters , and their purpose for existing in this film . . Really impressed overall . Good Supernatural tale . I 'd recommend to any thriller lover !
 Boy , am I glad I did n't allow some negative reviews to put me off this movie ! Wind Chill is one of those rare contemporary horror movies that is devoid of explicit sex , gore and excess violence , yet manages to convey a sense of suspense and menace.Emily Blunt -LSB- of Devil Wears Prada fame -RSB- plays the main character of a college student who needs a ride back to Delaware for Christmas break . She gets a ride from a guy from school whom she does n't know -LSB- Ashton Holmes -RSB- and both settle into an awkward , even abrasive companionship during the ride . Then , a short cut on a desolate stretch of road worsens things for the both of them as they find themselves at the mercy of inclement weather and other strange forces.The suspense in this movie is credibly built up - Emily Blunt 's character slowly begins to question the motives of the guy she is riding with , and Ashton Holmes ' character plays a sort of hapless , smitten character that just wants to please the lovely companion he is with . But is he genuine or possessed of more sinister motives?The acting of the two leads are credible , though it is Emily Blunt 's suspicious , determined role that deserves special mention.Then of course , just as secrets are being revealed , we are introduced to the other ` stars ' of the movie - hulking black shapes moving through the surrounding woods , strange shuffling figures , and so on . Will the stranded couple find help in time or are they to become victims of some malicious evil ? Wind Chill manages to effectively build up tension and suspense in telling a story that though not purely original , is nevertheless sufficiently credible and chilling.If you like horror movies that are high on atmosphere and character-driven , then this comes highly recommended .
 Entertaining , an orginal story about this couple that get on a dead end experience , fighting for survival in a cold winter day , surrounded by unrest spirits of priests who witnessed crimes about a local dirty cop.Honestly , it is worth buying or renting , a direct to dvd movie which should have been on the theater.Enjoy .
 I do not know what it is about isolation in horror movies that gets me . The feeling that you are all alone , nobody around for miles . Then you throw a mixture of ghosts ... some good , some REALLY bad ; then there it is , an excellent horror movie . This one had all of that plus quite a few `` jump '' scenes . You know what I am talking about ; scenes that make your heart stop and your head hit the ceiling . This one is going on my horror movie collection shelf .
 The premise of `` Wind Chill '' is this
 i did n't know what to expect from this film , i just hoped it would at least be decent enough for me not to regret seeing it , and sure enough it did not let me down . which surprised me , there 's plenty of movies out there with good cover art , and lousy stories , but this one played it very well on both parts . the directing was good , as well as the actors . emily blunt caused you to keep all eyes on the movie , and she played it so well , i was creeped out for a few scenes . she was much better in this film . she carried the whole movie very well , it was really all about her . see this movie is the reason you do n't hitch rides with strangers , and you do n't go driving out in the middle of a snowstorm to only god knows where , and as soon as your gut feels something is n't right you need to get the hell out . very good film , eerie , they did a great job with ghosts and the whole storyline . they 're just some ghosts who ca n't find peace , and this movie does wonders with the tortured souls left behind , and it delivers the frights that will make the hair on your back stand on end .
 Why is the most promising films today seem to fall in the netherlands , never to be heard from again ? Instead of something original , we have SAW 13 or BUZZKILL 4 , or whatever the latest serial is these days . Thankfully , WIND CHILL is none of these . The two lead characters do n't even have names -- they 're simply listed in the credits as Girl and Boy . But with Emily Blunt and Ashton Holmes , names are n't really necessary.The story starts out with Christmas break . Emily Blunt 's character has broken up with her boyfriend and she needs a ride home to Delaware , that she finds via the student bullentin board . Ashton Holmes is so eager to please , that it is painful to watch . The typical geek totally in love with the unattainable teen goddess . And of course , Emily is being a total bitch on wheels.Everything changes when an innocent wrong turn on a side road changes their lives forever . An out of control car runs them off the road into a ditch where they wait for someone to find them . The only problem is this area of highway is haunted , not by one , but by several ghosts . And not all of them are benign . Some are quite nasty and want to take as many with them as they can.The look , the feel to the film is awesome . Even though it was a blistering heatwave outside , I was shivering as I watched this movie . The ghosts were so creepy , believably so . They did n't stop to explain anything , they were trapped in their own private hell and that made their haunting much more frightening for me.So , I highly recommend WIND CHILL . It 's a great horror flick , one that reminds me of another great classic , DEAD END -- another haunted highway flick . Check them both out and stay on the main road !!
 I really liked this movie and never heard much about it when it was in the theater . It was creepy and well acted . The quality of the film was very good and the casting was excellent . I really liked the dialogue which many times in movies like this is silly . The dialogue was very realistic and well emoted . I think they did an excellent job and I am surprised I had not heard more about it .
 I have seen so many horror movies that I 've become immune to them and found most to be pretty predictable . This one made me jump out of my skin at least four times ! It is a low budget movie , but I was impressed . The characters in this movie do n't act like total idiots as in most scary movies . It 's definetely worth renting .
 Agree with both the other reviewers , you really have to pay attention , I had to keep rewinding . Combo of sad little love story and ghost story irresistible . Just right for a cold winters night , plenty of shocks and surprises . Would definitely recommend to fellow horror/ghost movie lovers . I will probably watch again within the next 24 hours-if I can - to see what else I missed .
 Great & important movie ! Karadzic is now being tried for genocide ; otherwise , this story is right out of Balkan headlines . Rates triple A + + + + + !!
 This film is so much better than it looks . It immediately captures your attention , and does n't let go until the credits . It takes a serious subject and addresses it in a light , comical , but also very respectful way . Give it a chance .
 The movie is in the same class as ` Zodiac ' in that it uses real events and people , keeps up the suspense and , in the end , gets one sooooo very angry at a system that knows what to do , what is right , and does n't follow through allowing people to get away with murder . ` Hunting Party ' is actually almost unbelievable but at the end , you learn the truth of a number of the actual people in the movie . Also Gere does such a good job with what happens when a journalist can no longer be simply a reporter .
 The plot , though crazy , is entirely believable . It is not too out there to imagine a couple guys cook up a crazy scheme to catch a war criminal , not only to make their mark as journalists -LRB- or just to have a really GOOD story to tell -RRB- , but because they can . It is the territory of lawlessness and corruption , of payoffs and favors . The satire and the depth of the roles played by Richard Gere and Terence Howard was expertly handled with nuance and credibility . I kept giggling throughout ... as there were some really funny moments but I kept wondering if I was laughing inappropriately as it was weird to keep finding humor in a movie that was dealing with such a sad , dark subject matter . I had n't heard a thing about this movie when it came out , so I had no preconceived notions or expectations . I felt like I was transported into the intrigue of the story , which is a good sign and I was hooked on its soundtrack as well . I have enjoyed seeing this movie a few more times .
 Es una buena pelicula , aunque no lo que uno espera de ella , esta bien logrado el mensaje , aunque cruel porque en realidad cosas como estas ocurrieron y ocurren en la actualidad , las actuaciones tan buenas como lo usual para la calidad de estos dos grandes actores , necesitarian una mejor trama , para mi es una buena , porque muestra lo dura y arriesgada que es la vida de los periodistas y lo dificil que es tratar de decir la verdad cuando lo que se trata de decir es algo para llamar la atencion del televidente y no lo que se debe expresar en realidad .
 Must say that this movie was better then expected ... . Take one fallen field journalist named , Simon , whom use to be at the top of his game and his trusty cameraman , named Duck . Both were known to be the best field journalist & cameraman out there working in the field -- That is until Simon screws up royally on live television essentially ruining his career . Simon get canned and Duck gets promoted.Simon & Duck cross paths again five years later in their old stomping grounds in Bosnia , where they both once worked together covering the events of the Bosnian war . Simon claims to know where `` The Fox '' is hiding . `` The Fox '' is being sought after for punishment of war crimes he committed during the Bosnian War.Together Simon , Duck , and Benjamin , a newbie to the news world out to make his mark as a journalist , set out to find and capture `` The Fox '' and bring him to justice and receive the $ 5 million dollar reward.This movie is supposedly based on a true story . It is well acted by both Terrence Howard & Richard Gere .
 Do n't get me wrong , I am a very faithful fan of Richard Gere and I probably own all of his movies . But this film fits him perfectly . You truly forget how sexy he is and see him as the good actor he really is ... ! Terrence Howard is an excellent addition to the cast with his great performance , but Jesse Eisenberg is the one that truly surpised me and that I really enjoyed in this movie because he was the one that lightened up the hard content of such a harsh subject matter.This is a great action movie that leaves you with a lot to think about how human can be so evil and how others just do n't want to see the facts -LRB- or simply do n't care -RRB- . But thankfully , you also have the ones that do care and hunt these evil persons which makes it somewhat more bearable . The hunt is difficult and can be very tricky for simple reporters with no weapons to match these evil beings but revenge is sweet at the end ... !
 The Hunting Party harkens back to a trend in the 1980s of films about journalists in war-torn Third World countries : Under Fire , The Killing Fields , andSalvador -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- . These films featured flawed reporters putting their lives on the line for hard-hitting truths and righteous causes . In the 1990s , this trend seemed to fade with a few notable exceptions likeThe Insiderbut now The Hunting Party attempts to revive this type of film for our politically charged times.For two thirds of The Hunting Party , director Richard Shepard -LRB- The Matador -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -RRB- maintains a tense mood while injecting moments of comedy as the protagonists get closer to the Fox and find themselves , rather frighteningly , at his mercy . However , for the last third , they turn the tables on their prey . The film ends on a wonderfully cheeky note with an epilogue that lets us know what was based on fact and what was made up . Most importantly , The Hunting Party asks questions like why are notorious war criminals in Bosnia have not been caught and with apparently very little to no effort ? The audience is left to ponder the answer.There is an audio commentary with writer/director Richard Shepard . He points out that they actually shot on location in Croatia and Bosnia . In the film 's opening battle scenes , Gere and Howard did their own stunts -LRB- including being precarious close to real explosions -RRB- . It was important for him to shoot on location because he wanted the cast and crew to see the places where the actual events took place . Shepard delivers an engaging , chatty track that is entertaining and informative.Also included are six deleted scenes with optional commentary by Shepard . There is an extension of a scene where we learn how Duck got his nickname . There is a nice scene where our three protagonists discuss a conspiracy theory about the Fox . Shepard is fairly candid about why this footage was cut and laments the removal of some of it . `` Making The Hunting Party '' features Shepard talking about how he wanted to make a film in a post-war city and first considered Baghdad but read a story in Esquire magazine about a group of journalists ' search for a Bosnian war criminal and that inspired him to dramatize the story in a film . `` The Real Hunting Party '' features Shepard interviewing two of the journalists - John Falk and Scott Anderson - included in the Esquire article that inspired the film for 30 minutes . The two reporters talk about the actual events and come across -LRB- not surprisingly -RRB- as very personable and natural storytellers . `` What I Did On My Summer Vacation '' is the actual Esquire article and is a real nice touch that they included it on the DVD as you can now read the source material.Finally , there is a theatrical trailer .
 This is a movie based on the true story of how three journalists -LRB- they were five in real life -RRB- tracked down one of Slobodan Milosevic 's generals -- a wanted war criminal by the name of ` The Fox ' . I think a brief history is necessary in order to understand the movie and the atrocities of war . Slobodan Milosevic served as the President of Serbia from 1989 until 1997 and as President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1997 to 2000 . He also led Serbia 's Socialist Party from its foundation in 1990 . During the Serbian war , Milosevic ordered a program of ethnic cleansing of the Kosovo Albanians that drove hundreds of thousands of them into neighboring countries as refugees . Women were raped then murdered , and children were slaughtered.Milosevic was arrested by Serbian authorities in 2001 on suspicion of corruption , abuse of power , and embezzlement . However , the initial investigation into Milosevic faltered for lack of hard evidence prompting the Serbian Prime Minister to send him to The Hague to stand trial on charges of genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes.The trial began in February 2002 but experienced numerous delays because of the poor health of Milosevic , who served as his own defense lawyer . On March 11 , 2006 , he was found dead in his prison cell . It is believed that he died of a heart attack.Milosevic 's right hand man , known as ` The Fox ' , and the subject of this film , was at the time the most wanted man by the UN and the United States . However , no effort was done to capture him , as shown in this movie . His whereabouts were known by both the UN and the United States , but it was believed that a secret agreement was drawn between ` The Fox ' and the CIA that guaranteed his freedom.Simon -LRB- played by Richard Gere -RRB- is an award winning journalist whose Albanian girlfriend is raped and killed by the armies of ` The Fox ' . He vows revenge . After the war in the Balkans is over , he returns to Sarajevo to find ` The Fox ' . Together with two other journalists -LRB- there were five in real life -RRB- he tracks down ` The Fox ' , captures him while he was hunting foxes , and delivers him to the Muslim village where his girlfriend was brutally murdered . The Muslims , recognizing ` The Fox ' , beat him to death . So the legend says.You will be left with one important question at the end of this movie . Does the US know the whereabouts of War criminals but does nothing about it in order to further its own agenda?This is a great movie . Since many of us -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- do not read books , but rather prefer watching movies , it is important for film makers to make movies based on true stories . This movie will reveal the atrocities and politics of war . In war , there is no such thing as the good side
 This is more than an entertaining film , but an allegory of our times . The point being if the problem were solved , our so called leaders would have nothing left to do . If they caught Osama , who could they spend millions more dollars to chase . If African-Americans were self sufficient , Jesse Jackson would need to look for a job ! Highly recommended !
 After watching hours of mindless dribble , it was refreshing to come across a movie that was not only engaging , it was well acted and it actually had a good plot . I loved it ! If you enjoy a good adventure with a little bit of comedy weaved through it you wo n't be disappointed . For mature , thinking audiences , worth watching .
 Great film that did n't get the acknowledgment it deserved . Witty writing and great satirical humor .
 Richard Gere has had two really good movie this past year . One was The Hoax , which I recommend and the other , this movie , The Hunting Party . The subject is really interesting and the acting was very good too . I enjoyed every bit of this movie . It also has many funny moments in it though it is a very intense and serious subject.I recommend it to everybody .
 At first glance , during the music and opening sequences of THE HUNTING PARTY , it is difficult to ascertain if the film about to be seen is a comedy or a docudrama about a genocidal maniac . Once the repartee of dialog sets in we realize that journalists require a certain mindset and vantage that allows them to cover war and other atrocities and once that tenor is adjusted the film makes solid sense.Based on a true story by Scott Anderson -LRB- a journalist -RRB- THE HUNTING PARTY -LRB- written for the screen by Richard Shepard who also directs -RRB- deals with a top notch journalist Simon -LRB- Richard Gere -RRB- on the skids and his buddy cameraman Duck -LRB- Terrence Howard -RRB- and youngster journalist Benjamin -LRB- Jesse Eisenberg -RRB- who meet up after Simon 's self imposed exile to follow a lead to ` interview ' The Fox -LRB- Ljubomir Kerekes -RRB- , the most wanted war criminal from the Bosnia/Croatian war . Their trail follows life-threatening chases and captures and escapes until they expose what the CIA has been doing to prevent - the capture of this heinous maniac . While the atmosphere is rather grim , the production is pitch perfect and the performances by Gere , Howard , and Eisenberg manage to reveal the complexities of the mental states and bizarre outlooks of journalists who elect to be right next to the horrors of war and crime in order to deliver a story . Food for thought here , and a much different approach to the life of correspondents than we 've had before . And , it is based on fact ! Grady Harp , January 08
 `` Only the Most Ridiculous Parts of the Story Are True `` As I read this brief title card at the beginning of the new Richard Shephard -LRB- `` The Matador '' -RRB- film `` The Hunting Party '' , I suddenly realized something . For months , I have been watching a trailer for a different film . Funny thing is the film I saw was better than the film promoted by the trailer . Let me explain.Over the course of many months , I saw the trailer for `` The Hunting Party '' many times . Every time I watched it , the film was painted as a fairly typical war story . Richard Gere plays a reporter covering stories in various war zones , Terrence Howard plays his cameraman . Together , they dodge a lot of bullets and explosions . Jesse Eisenberg -LRB- `` Noah and the Whale '' -RRB- plays a young newbie along for the ride . Every time I watched the trailer , I could n't help suppress a yawn . It appeared to be too conventional to have anything new to say.Then , a couple of weeks ago , I saw a television commercial for the film . This commercial was different ; mentioning the film was directed by Richard Shepherd . Richard Shephard ? The director of `` The Matador '' ? `` The Matador '' was an unusual film , a dark comedy featuring great performances by Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear . It was n't one of my favorite films , but I appreciated the dark , offbeat sense of humor . When I learned `` The Hunting Party '' was a dark comedy , my interest became peaked.Simon -LRB- Richard Gere -RRB- is a danger junkie . His job as a reporter for a major television network 's evening news has made him a star and he seems more comfortable wearing a pair of cargo pants and a camouflage vest , dodging bullets , than he would be at a dinner party enjoying conversation . His cameraman , Duck -LRB- Terrence Howard -RRB- , has been with Simon for a lot of years and also gets an adrenaline hit from the danger , a rush he has become addicted to . Then , one day , Simon loses it . On live television . He is fired and Duck returns to New York to become the personal cameraman for the network 's news anchor Franklin Harris -LRB- James Brolin , doing a fun riff on Dan Rather -RRB- . Five years later , Franklin and Duck return to Sarajevo to cover the ceremonies surrounding the anniversary of the end of the war in the Balkans . They take along Benjamin -LRB- Jesse Eisenberg -RRB- , the son of a network VP . Upon their arrival in Sarajevo , Duck immediately runs into Simon who now travels to various war zones doing freelance reports for any network that will pay for it . Simon has a crazy idea . He knows where `` The Fox '' , one of the most wanted war criminals , is and thinks they should go and try to get an interview , traveling into a very unsafe Serb area under the criminal 's control . It has n't escaped Simon 's attention that there is a $ 5 million dollar reward for The Fox . He could sure use the money . `` The Hunting Party '' is based on a true story involving Sebastian Junger , the celebrated reporter and author of such books as `` The Perfect Storm '' and many Vanity Fair articles delving into the politics and history behind various war zones . Simon is based on Junger and some of his associates , who apparently came up with the idea of trying to capture a real war criminal in the Czech Republic while drunk . As the story unfolds , there are some outright hilarious moments as Simon , Duck and Benjamin prove they have more intelligence in their head than any of the UN forces charged with keeping the peace in the region . The US Government ? Forget about it . After they get in a scrape , Simon and his friends are rescued by Chet -LRB- Dylan Baker -RRB- , a member of an elite Spec Ops force of the US Government . Chet proves he is all bravado very quickly . `` Hunting '' is about male bonding . Simon and Duck are friends , have lived through a lot together and are sad when events pull their friendship apart . Because this friendship lives in war zones , they also get an adrenaline high from the friendship , and the danger they face on a consistent basis . It is a sort of win-win relationship for them . When they are reunited haphazardly , you can see the relief on Simon 's face and the joy on Duck 's . Duck has been living a safe life in New York , as the cameraman for the network anchor . When he sees Simon , in Sarajevo , he immediately starts to think back to the life he once had , filled with danger and excitement . When Simon sees Duck , he realizes his friend has returned , he has someone to talk to , someone to help him , after being alone for a long period of time.Each initially regards Benjamin as an interloper , a newbie , something they have to tolerate . He has led a sheltered life and he seems to regard the potential for danger as a new and thrilling chance to do something exciting with his life.I have never been a huge fan of Richard Gere . But with his last few films , he is growing on me . In `` The Hoax '' he played Clifford Irving , a complex character and actually did a very good job . He was able to make his version of this real life person real to me . Now with his role in `` The Hunting Party '' , he goes two for two . As we watch Simon , we get a real sense of his character 's complete life . There is a brief segment at the beginning of the film , narrated by Duck , giving us an overview of their relationship to the point when he has his breakdown on national TV . As he does his live report , we see the pain in his eyes from all of the horror he has witnessed . Even though we have just seen brief snippets , we understand how he could have this breakdown . As soon as he and Duck are reunited , a wash of relief crosses his face . After five years of covering stories alone , in horrible war zones , he finally has a familiar and friendly face to deal with , a companion.Then , when he announces his plan to Duck and Benjamin , we understand why he would consider such a deadly thing . He needs the money , he needs the excitement , and he needs the camaraderie . It is a nice turn from Gere.Terrence Howard is also very good . From the opening frames , it is his voice narrating the moments we watch from their friendship . His lighthearted tone reveals a lot about how they really need each other.Then , when Duck and Simon reunite in Sarajevo , Duck has become comfortable , but bored in his cushy job . As Simon reveals his plans , Duck is , at first , incredulous , but quickly jumps on board . He even goes so far as to postpone his meeting with a beautiful girl in Greece , a trip planned for after the coverage of the festivities in Sarajevo . The prospect of spending time with his friend , spending time alluding danger , is more attractive to him than spending time in Greece with a beautiful woman.As Benjamin , Jesse Eisenberg is able to portray the new kid , adding an additional level to the relationship between the three men . Everything happening to them happens through his eyes for the first time . He is amazed , shocked , scared and overjoyed to be living this adventure . He does n't hesitate to mention he earned a degree from Harvard , which is also his battle cry for adventure . His life has been so sheltered , for so long he needs this to really come alive . `` Hunting '' is funny and also an adventure . There are moments of ridiculous behavior and some very funny dialogue as the characters deal with all of the madness surrounding them . It is a dark comedy , which means there are also moments of seriousness , drama and danger . Combined together , they create a very interesting , watch able film . A much better film than the trailer would lead you to believe .
 All big conflicts and unresolved situations are a fertile ground for conspiracy theories . Usually one or the other urban myth will be planted on top of the most daring theories . Prime example that comes to mind are the 9/11 explanations involving Mossad/Pentagon/CIA plus the fable that x-thousand Jews did not go to work on that day , which many good Muslims actually believe . As I know first hand , i.e. this is not an urban myth now.One conspiracy theory has it that Karadjic , the Bosnian Serb , who is one of the hottest refugees from international justice , resigned his leadership in a deal with the US/UN which promised him that they would not come after him . The urban myth garnishing this theory , and which forms the basis of this film script , is , that K. actually did get caught and then killed by Bosnian Muslims rather than put up for show like Milosevic . Who knows.The movie is worth watching , whether one wants to belief the story or not . Gere and Howard are doing a great job as pair of war correspondents with different positions on their career path trajectory -LRB- G down , H up -RRB- . The plot is interesting enough , the story is based on the two guys ' hare-brained plan to interview K. , who is here called something else , but played by a look-alike . The script is not perfect , it stutters and stumbles , but it carries.Recommendable .
 Although there is so much in here , I found the ending -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- where the three journalists decide to run away from the CIA as implausible as well as their ability to capture , on their own , a notorious Serb war criminal.Having said that , at the end of the movie , are claims that this actually happened . If that 's true then the depiction of the final 20 minutes of this movie was even more unbelievable.It 's hard to know what to think but up until that point this is a terrific thriller with loads of mysterious threatening characters and scenes . The acting is first-rate as when Richard Gere gets those indignant roles he is always able to pull those off . Throw in Terrence Howard who just exudes cool and the surprising newcomer `` Adventureland 's '' Jesse Eisenberg . Throw in a gratuitous James Brolin -LRB- sadly his beard demanded too much salary and did not appear in a suppurting role -RRB- , loads of war scenes and bombed out building across Bosnia-Hercegovina and you have one heckuva movie.Maybe not as well done as `` Savior '' was as far as depicting the atrocities in the Balkans but a damned fine effort.DVD extras are the usual -- commentary track , making of and deleted scenes .
 Never even heard of this movie and just happened across it . So glad I did ! I loved the story of two war hardened -LRB- one disgraced -RRB- journalists who team up once again to hunt one of the Bosian war 's most sadistic criminals . Based on the true story of five newsmen , I thought the script was clever , the story was satisfying and the chemistry between actors was equally as good . I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good adventure tale including a look back at a war most Americans remember little about .
 This is a good movie . Not spectacular but good . I saw it on late night tv and thought my son would like it so I ordered it .
 The point of this being that if you have money and power you can slide ... There is this famous terrorist that is still loose.Richard Gere plays a good burnt out international TV journalistwho leads an expedition to interview/capture a Serbian war criminal.Several of these fellows are still loose.War reporting is the most dangerous -LRB- and maybe exciting -RRB- jobin journalism . What they seem to have uncovered besides the war criminal is `` deals '' made with the people in power to protect the guilty.I liked the movie
 Republic Pictures presents `` THE GRAND CANYON TRAIL '' -LRB- 15 November 1948 -RRB- -LRB- 67 mins/B & W ; / Color -RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- Roy Rogers -LRB- born Leonard Slye -RRB- moved to California in 1930 , at the age of 18 -- played in such musical groups as The Hollywood Hillbillies , Rocky Mountaineers , Texas Outlaws and his own group , the International Cowboys -- In 1934 he formed a group with Bob Nolan and Tim Spencer called `` Sons of the Pioneers '' -- While in that group he was known as Leonard Slye , then Dick Weston and finally Roy Rogers -- Their songs included `` Cool Water '' and `` Tumbling Tumbleweeds '' -- They first appeared in the western `` Rhythm on the Range '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , starring Bing Crosby -- In 1937 Roy went solo and made his first starring film in 1938 , `` Under Western Stars '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- -- He made almost 100 films -- then came television , `` The Roy Rogers Show '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- ran on CBS from October 1951 through September 1964 . Under William Witney -LRB- Director -RRB- , Edward J. White -LRB- Producer -RRB- , Gerald Geraghty -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- , Reggie Lanning -LRB- Cinematographer -RRB- , Morton Scott -LRB- Musical Direction/Supervision -RRB- , Tony Martinelli -LRB- Editor -RRB- , Frank Hotaling -LRB- Art Director -RRB- - - - - Our story line and plot , A crooked mining engineer attempts to get control of a silver mine in which Roy 's friends have invested heavily -- Knowing the mine contains a rich vein of silver , the engineer and his henchmen use murder to get what they want -- Next to Dale Evans , Jane Frazee as the prairie heroine gives a talented and wonderful performance -- Our villain in this oater is none other than Robert Livingston , usually a hero brings out the hero in Roy -- Old time movie fans will recognize Laurel & Hardy 's old foil Jimmy Finlayson as the sheriff -- Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage replace The Sons of the Pioneers in this one -- Jane Frazee in the Dale Evans role and Andy Devine as `` Cookie '' round out the cast -- Take note the supporting cast - Robert Livingston , who only a few short years before had been Republic 's up and coming star , plays the chief villain . He is probably best remembered for his role as Stoney Brooke in the `` Three Mesquiteer Series '' -- In the best Witney tradition , Livingston murders a helpless old prospector -- Roy Barcroft is along as Livingston 's chief henchman who always gives his best in any Republic oater -- some wonderful tunes , COLORADO JOE -- GRAND CANYON TRAIL -- THE RUNAWAY MARE -- EVERYTHING 'S GOING MY WAY.the cast includesRoy Rogers ... Roy RogersTrigger ... `` Smartest Horse in the Movies `` Jane Frazee ... Carol Martin aka Carol VanderpoolAndy Devine ... Cookie BullfincherRobert Livingston ... Bill ReganRoy Barcroft ... Dave -LRB- Regan henchman -RRB- Charles Coleman ... J. Malcolm VanderpoolEmmett Lynn ... Old EdKen Terrell ... Mike -LRB- Regan henchman -RRB- James Finlayson ... SheriffTommy Coats ... HenchmanFoy Willing ... Singer , RancherRiders of the Purple Sage ... Musicians , RanchersScotty Harrel ... Musician -LRB- Riders of Purple Sage -RRB- Zon Murray ... Gary -LRB- Regan henchman -RRB- Al Sloey ... Singer -LRB- Riders of the Purple Sage -RRB- BIOS :1 . Roy Rogers -LRB- aka
 This movie would be a great item in a time capsule from the '60s . The hair , the fashions , the music , Jim Backus ... What kid would n't fantasize about living in `` The Green Onion ? '' The only part I can do without is when Tony Randall squawks out that whiny rendition of a love song to Janet Leigh . I would echo drummer Marvin 's reaction , `` That really turns me off . '' Oh , well , here goes ... I remember `` catching '' this movie on TV when I was a kid , home sick from `` school . '' Every time I watch it , I am swept away in a `` Wave '' of nostalgia . Many of the cast members went on to have a `` whale '' of a career , including Richard Dreyfuss . Kay Cole , who plays Lorrie , later appeared in the original Broadway cast of `` A Chorus Line , '' and Gary Tigerman -LRB- brother Tommie -RRB- is a well-known author of sci-fi novels . This movie is just good , clean fun .
 This movie is just too cool !!! I can watch it over-and-over again because of the great cast and fun storyline . Is it dated ? Oh , brother , is it !!! Is it goofy ? Oh yeah , it is !!! Is it fun ? By a boat load it 's FUN !!! This film is forever trapped in its time but what a fantastic nugget of colorful late sixties optimism . Be sure and check out the music too . It 's really a good time ; although badly lipsynched . That 's just adds to all the wacky , boisterous , frivolity of this great romp.I bought this movie as a Christmas gift . It 's fantastic to watch with a cold winter chill blasting the windows of a snow-trapped home . Oh , it 's no shotgun wedding affair . More of a , `` let 's get the family together '' , kind of movie . The oldsters can remember it from their childhood , the kids can laugh at the wild fashion , -LRB- which keeps coming back -RRB- , and everyone has a merry time.I simply must point out the onscreen chemistry between dear Tony Randall and Janet Leigh . Who would have thought ?!?!? They 've got that special `` something '' , which as an adult watching it now , I did n't notice as a kid . Back then I was too busy enjoying the animals , the scuba diving , the underwater house , the band and those too-hip-to-be-hip clothes.Now , you rate this movie for what it is ... pure family , -LRB- anybody really -RRB- , entertainment . For that you ca n't beat this film !!! Rush out and get it for your whole gang today , man !!!
 I have waited years for `` Hello Down There '' to be released on video . It is fun for the entire family . It is a shame that family movies are no longer made by the major studios . Sit back with some popcorn and watch with the family . Enjoy !
 It may not be the best of the older movies , but it is fun to watch , and has a great cast . Tony Randall finally gets the lead part , rather than being the sidekick or secondary character . The parody of the 60 's `` hip '' generation was a little overdone , but that 's okay . It is worth seeing , and even owning .
 I loved this movie as a child and could n't wait to purchase for my 3 year old grand-daughter . The movie is loaded with lots of laughter and clean old-fashion family fun . My grand-daughter put her toys down to dance to Little Gold Fish , she loved the seals , dolphins , fish and her favorite the sea turtles . So grab the pop-corn before the movie starts you will not wo n't to miss a single moment .
 This was one of those movies they played on T.V. every summer when I was a kid -LRB- could have sworn it was called ` the Glass Onion ' or something like that -RRB- . A really fun movie . I was told a few years ago that the movie had been lost forever , so I 'm thrilled to see it available .
 This movie is a good family movie . I 'm glad I purchased it.Great colorful video ! Thank-You so much again , Love it !
 As excellent as any Disney movie.Every family should have this movie in their library!Do a search on the internet for the storyline.Wonderful family comedy . You wo n't regret it .
 I loved this movie when I was a kid but remembered very little about it . I love it even more now ! The songs in it are catchy and fun . The styles from the early 70s are so cool and the decor is a riot ! The underwater shots are quite good for the time . Tony Randall is charming as ever , as is Roddy McDowall , but seeing a very young Richard Dreyfuss as a singer/songwriter/bass player in purple pants is a hoot ! -LRB- I believe this was his first movie to contain sharks !! -RRB- You will recognize quite a few faces in this movie . My only complaint is that the DVD is expensive if you buy it new - even used it is pricey .
 This is a great family movie . I remember watching it when it first came out . My kids loved watching in on TV years ago and my grandkids love watching the DVD that I recently bought . It 's got animals , music and good laughs . Great for family night entertainment .
 OMG ! I love this movie . This brought back so many childhood memories . My brother and I used to always watch this show . I was so glad when I found it - I just had to order it . My brother could n't believe that I found it , but I did .
 arrived quickly , was a bit of a walk down memory lane-used to be played on TV all the time when I was young .
 This movie brought back some wonderful childhood memories . Thank you for making it available to buy after all of these years . It was in very good condition , high quality and great color ! I was able to share one of my childhood memories with my little girl . She loved it just as I did at her age!Hello Down There
 This is a wonderful family movie.My sister and me were talking about movies we loved when we were young and this one was one of them.I would tell anyone who ever dreamed about living under water to watch this movie its fun .
 This is one very cute movie . I 've watched it probably fifty times since I bought it three years ago . I love it just as much now as I did growing up in the sixties . The whole cast is just wonderful . Its neat to see the stars like Roddy McDowall and Richard Dreyfuss when they were much younger . And its always a pleasure to watch Tony Randall and Janet Leigh . My twenty-one year old son even liked this movie and he hates `` old movies '' as he calls them . But this one is so much fun , with lots of homor , fun and crazy songs that are fun to sing along with .
 I saw this movie long , long ago when I was a kid . It is not shown very often , and I can count , on one hand , how often I have seen this movie ... 3 times . My daughter and I watched it when she was a child , and fell in love with it , too . She is now almost 30 . I not only bought myself a copy , but her as well.I never understood why this was n't played more , because the stars are a surprise - especially Richard Dreyfuss as the teenage boyfriend , and wannabe band star - all under the ocean ! Others such as Roddy McDowell , Jim Backus , Merv Griffin , along with others , is a fun treat to watch . They just do n't make fun movies like this any more , and it 's really a shame .
 This is one of my favorites . It has fun , music , intrigue -LRB- granted not at todays pace -RRB- & lots of twists and turns to keep you interested . Family 's will find this refreshing & a very young Richard Drufuess .
 If you like lighthearted , silly movies from the 60s era - you will love this ! It was one of my favorite movies when I was a kid and it is still a treat to watch it 20 years later!Warning - the theme song `` hello down there '' will be stuck in your head for weeks !!! There are alot of fun songs in this movie !
 I first saw this movie as a child back in the 60 's at my local movie theatre . I was too young at the time to understand the concept - though the movie was the brainchild of Ivan Tors -LRB- Daktari , Zebra in the Kitchen , Flipper -RRB- I enjoyed looking at the underwater scenes . However now I 've located it , bought it and watched it , I enjoyed the movie for what it is - good light entertainment . Tony Randall plays a architect/engineer who seizes upon the idea of building self sufficient homes underwater and builds -LRB- in secret -RRB- a home thats nicknamed ` the green onion ' - Along with Janet Leigh as his very attractive -LRB- and albeit hydrophobic -RRB- wife and his 2 children -LRB- who ironically , are in a garage-type rock band seeking fame and fortune featuring a youthful Richard Dreyfus as their leader -RRB- , Roddy McDowell as the music agent stoked on their with-it sound , Charlotte Ray -LRB- the housekeeper in Different Strokes -RRB- appears as their tonic-hooked housekeeper who 's even more hip than the kids . We also have Ken Berry in a different role -LRB- as a baddie !! -RRB- looking to pillage the sea bed looking for gold - not to mention interfering with Tony Randall 's quest to live in the green onion with his family for a month - proving its viability to his unscrupulous boss -LRB- Jim Backus -RRB- . Following the usual plots of interference & sabbotage , danger -LRB- with real tiger sharks attacking the green onion following a garbage disposal mishap -RRB- , and the kids being trapped in a submarine after sneaking out during a typhoon while trying to get to land to do a spot on the `` Merv Griffin ' show -LRB- the film also features a cameo by the fabulous Mr Griffin -RRB- . The film is good clean American fun - no drugs -LRB- other than the tonic the housekeeper swills throughout -RRB- , no real violence other than the risk of shark attack to Tony Randall - in which he 's gallantly rescued by 2 dolphins - Duke and Duchess - its all good !!! - the film is a little dated in some parts , however it appears to hold a great deal of relevance in that it promotes ecology and preservation of our more natural world , which is sadly what we really need today .
 i love this movie buti ca n't see paying 34.00 for it way to much to pay for a OLDER MOVIETerry
 This movie was very entertaining . It is a total 60 's movie . The costumes are great and keep with the era . My husband and I watched it together and really enjoyed it . I wish that they had more scenes of the sea life . they did have some sharks but it was quite blurry when they showed any underwater scenes.The music was typical of the time . The parents were great with the kids encouraging them to chase there dreams . All and all I am going to let the grandkids watch this when they are older . I think it will give them a great perspective on how things were back then .
 This is a movie I have n't seen since I was a kid but I remembered it . Yes it 's corny in places , but it makes you laugh and wish for a simpler time . Family friendly , but adults will enjoy it as much as the kids .
 I think I was 7 or 8 when I saw this on TV in the early 70 's . The underwater `` Green Onion '' house was a cool to me then as any Bond villain 's extravagant lair was to me when I got older and started watching Bond films.This movie truly represents a unique time in 60 's movie history when pretty much every film featured a group of young kids trying to form a rock band , though what passed for `` rock '' was more like `` beach pop '' . Richard Dreyfuss is in this one . Turns out `` Jaws '' was n't the first film to feature him in the ocean with sharks!The transfer on this DVD is very crisp , clean , and bright . No bonus features to speak of.The film strains to fill out its 90-minute running time , but there still is no real `` ending '' . The Navy sends divers down to investigate the strange sounds and goings-on at the underwater house , but the film ends as soon as the divers hit the water . It may not have been a necessary plot point , but it did add some production value to the film -- the footage of the Navy divers parachuting out of an airplane in their scuba suits was kind of fun to watch.Janet Leigh co-stars . I never realized how much she and daughter Jamie Lee Curtis looked like each other until now.If for no other reason , watch this movie to see Richard Dreyfuss fake-play the bass guitar like a Rock God wanna-be .
 great famliy movie . I enjoyed this movie when it came out it reminds me of when families did things together .
 Great movie . Such fun . Just like I remembered from my teen years . Hilarious to see Richard Dreyfuss as a teen . My 20 something daughter loved it .
 The movie came in expected condition . They shipped quickly and did a great job .
 You ca n't beat the cast for stars -LRB- Tony Randall , Janet Leigh , Jim Backus , Ken Berry , Merv Griffin - and even a teenage Richard Dreyfuss ! -RRB- , it 's got a sappy sitcom sort of feel to the story and characterizations ... and you get dolphins in the living room ! What 's not to like ?!! For those looking for serious fare , please go elsewhere , but for a breezy uncommitted afternoon , you could do a lot worse than a peek back into the 60 's . If kids can get past the dated feel , the story is pleasantly predictable , the music is fun ... and they 'll love the Green Onion . -LRB- `` Dad , can WE live there ? '' -RRB-
 A cute , clean show , with notable actors and actresses , Hello , Down There has humor and family antics that are light-hearted . A wee bit long on the teenage music but still a novel movie for the viewer who likes oldies but goodies . I like to be able to sit down with my children and not worry that someone will be embarrassed by inappropriate language , innuendo , or behavior . This story about a scientist developing an undersea , fully-sustained home appeals to the environmentalist in me and is also family-friendly .
 Fun for the whole family . A movie you do n't have to be embarrassed to watch with your kids . They can sing along with all the catchy tunes and laugh at the silly antics . An ` oldie but a goodie ' .
 After way too long this comedy classic is finally available . Tony Randall has designed an underwater house . His boss can not see its advantages and wants to scrap the project but Randall convinces him to let his family test it for a month first . Two of Randall 's kids are in a band so they invite the rest to join them . Meanwhile Tony 's boss is financing a self-contained underwater dredge in the hopes of finding lots of gold.The two projects clash . Randall 's wife is afraid of water . The band gets a chance to be on TV but ca n't leave the house . On top of it all , the underwater rock music has convinced the Navy that there is Russian activity going on and the fleet mobilizes . But despite sharks , lawsuits , seals , and even a hurricane , everyone manages to keep their heads above water.I always loved this movie as a kid and I bought it as soon as I saw it . Despite its age it has stood up well . The record company uses a computer to predict hits in ways marketing computers are currently used . A fine cast and some guest appearances certainly do n't hurt . So if you want to see the original underwater beach movie , this is the one .
 I am just absolutely thrilled that this is on DVD . . I ended up buying a COPY , yes copy of this just so I could have it . . This is the best movie !! Out of sight tunes and I love the dolphins !!! Anyone can watch this movie and enjoy it !! Hooray !!! I still love the Goldfish song and use to sing it to my son .
 I am so happy that this great flick is finally on DVD ! I was jumping up and down and rejoicing when I saw it was on DVD ! Oh , this movie is a gem , a must see for all families and Richard Dreyfuss fans !
 This is a great fun early Richard Dreyfuss classic comedy curio with a great cast !! At last on DVD , it 's a must see !!!!!!!
 Some of my fondest movie memories growing up are of this movie starring Tony Randall , Janet Leigh , and Richard Dreyfuss among others . You just ca n't beat the pure family fun and engaging songs from this film.For years I have been contacting classic movie stations and video stores in hopes this would be released for a whole new generation to enjoy , but I thought it would never happen . When I recently found out it was really going to happen , I let out a scream of jubilation so loud it could have probably rivaled the biggest fans at the World Series or Super Bowl.Glub Glub Glub - I have to go and watch it right now !!!
 This movie is just as fun as I remembered it to be . I had forgotten that Richard Dreyfus was in it , so it was neat to see him as a young actor . The songs tend to stay in your mind . I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a `` blast from the past '' .
 I do n't think I can add much to what Joshua of Chicago wrote but I do agree with him . I 've loved this movie since I first saw it , decades ago . It 's still funny and my kids love looking back on the sixties clothes , sayings , and sounds so prevalent in this movie . It 's also fun seeing stars you may not have noticed the first time around -LRB- e.g. Dreyfuss WAY before `` Close Encounters '' -RRB- .
 97 minutes of innocent campy late 60 's fun with an all-star cast.From the music , which you 'll be humming for days after viewing , to the corny dialogue to the fabulous colors of the clothing and the sets , this is a gem not to be missed . I 've watched it 4 times with friends and relatives and all had lot 's of laughs at each viewing . Typical 60 's situations , the father dealing with the boss at work . The wife trying to establish a career as a writer . The kids and their rock and their roll . Hee , hee ! I recommend it to all who want a glimpse into life , however un-realistic , during simpler care-free times.Enjoy!Michael Colletti
 This was a movie I remember as a child . It was so much fun finding it on DVD . My whole family enjoyed it and now I get to share it with my children .
 Just as awesome as I remember it when I watched it as a kid in the 70 's . A fun family movie .
 For being on lifetime this movie was really good.If you are a iris johansen reader like my self you will see stuff that was in the book and not the movie.i think some things were left outof the movie that should have been in it.Why because logan wasnt mentioned in the movie and if they continue doing iris johansen books they really needed him in there he plays an important role and plus eve didnt dream of bonnie what she thinks is dreams anyway.that was important to the story later on to . other then that it was a good movie
 I 've read the entire Eve Duncan series and could n't wait to see it in movie form . The casting is spot-on and the woman who played Eve played her to perfection . One could totally believe the grief was real on her face . Joe Quinn was totally believable as a cop and ex Navy seal , totally sexy and mesmerizing . The girl who played Jane at ten was a good little actress and I hope to see more of her . Iris Johansen must be very pleased with this result . I definately will watch it again .
 It 's Iris Johanson , what else needs to be said . She always turns out a great piece of work . A Definate buy !
 i loved the movie but i agree with the other person they left out a couple of important things like logan and bonnie , also in the book eve had barely met sarah and i wnated to see what logan looks like and quinn is sexy , but i loved the movie also i hope they make more or even make a series on tv about it . all the actors were great !!!
 It would be easy to dismiss `` 2084 '' as another low-budget apocalyptic flick , one that is devoid of any hot action scenes or big-money explosions and pyrotechnics . But you have to read between the lines with 2084 . Simply put , 2084 is not about the End Times and viruses and `` chum chow , '' but is rather a stark statement on the human condition that is as relevant today as it will be 73 years from now . 2084 depicts people as instinct-driven animals , reduced to their elemental , base selves once all semblences of Civilization and social order have been stripped away . It is a futuristic `` Lord of the Flies , '' only instead of William Golding 's island paradise 2084 takes place in a fallen-down building in a decaying urban setting . So , IF you can put suspend your expectation of 2084 as being another action-packed apocalyptic flick , leaving that duty to the likes of `` The Terminator , '' I , Legend , '' `` 2012 , '' and other hits of an already-overworked genre , THEN you 'll see that there is a much larger message here than at first meets the mind . The main character 's comment at the end of the film , about it -LSB- non-SIC -RSB- being more important to stay human than to survive , just about sums up 2084 's thematic intent . But be forewarned
 I do n't understand why some people wrote bad reviews about this film.I believe that we should not trust in all reviews . Some people without knowledge about quality write stupid words always.This is one of the best films I 've ever seen.I would give this film 100 stars if I could.It is just GREAT.Stephan
 This is one really good movie in every aspect . The casting was perfect from the sleazy superintendent to the incredibly sleazy creature that played the `` heroines '' mother.Not long into viewing the movie I realized that somewhere I had seen the film before . It has been a while so it did n't take anything away from my viewing this Amazon rental , if anything it might have made watching it more enjoyable.Has everything and more of what one expects from an Apocolyptic based movie ... or if you prefer , a horror movie as it is easily both . The film features the claustraphobia of being stuck in a building that the authorities had warned everyone to stay in to avoid `` the virus '' , it features incredibly horrible villians , especially the building `` super '' and the horrid mother figure ... a creature that would be hard to beat as far as being completely despicable goes . The movie features diminishing food supplies supplied by the government , stolen by the `` super '' food and used in exchange for sexual favors from some of the tenants the `` super '' was charged with handing the food out to . The movie even featured cannibalism ... the movie has it all.A BIG plus is the incredible quality of the acting . EVERYONE did a great job in this low budget movie . I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of the movie and consider it a real gem of the horror/apocolypse genre and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you at least consider renting this fine film from Amazon . Im going to find a used copy from an Amazon vendor and get a keeper copy to watch at my leisure . Great movie it really is !!!
 Most positive reviews of this little film -- and there are many -- tend to qualify their praise with phrases like `` considering the limited budget . '' While it is true that director George Blumetti did n't have a ton of cash to work with -LRB- the fact that the film was funded by a consortium of GI 's currently serving in Iraq should be enough reason for any of you patriotic cinephiles to to sample it -RRB- , his sure-handed use of composition and pacing would have served well even in a big-budget thriller.A very skilled and effective cast further elevates this film above others in its genre . If you 're a claustrophobic -LRB- as I am -RRB- you 're gon na want to be watching this in the biggest room in your house -- outside , if you can ! -- as Blumetti 's skillful touch will draw you in and have you feeling as penned in as the hapless characters in `` 2084 . ''
 So as a lover of cult horror films i picked this up because usually I go off the rule
 Stumbled on this recently . They have a website that explains how it was made with funding from US troops in Iraq for about $ 150K . Looks great for that price . It 's a slow building creepy little film with great acting that gets under your skin . Recommend it for a dark night .
 i really loved this movie ... for not a big budget i think they did a fantastic job ... the acting was good & the storyline really good ... maybe i would say this is a modern type version of soylent green in some ways ... i kind of suspected what was coming up as far as `` survival '' aspects go but even so it was still an excellent movie ... i felt it moved right along & never dragged ... and i actually liked the ending ... at the end one of the characters sez `` its not so much staying alive its staying human '' ... that soooo fit the movie ... good watch :-RRB- : -RRB-
 After reading the description , I thought this might be a movie that treated suicide lightly . I 'm happy to say that I was wrong . At first , Greta -LRB- played by Hillary Duff -RRB- appears to be a self-centered , spoiled teenager . Throughout the course of the movie , it becomes apparent that Greta has much more depth -- and has experienced much more pain in her life -- than any teen should have to deal with . But at the same time , the movie shows how the thoughtless act of suicide -LRB- or even attempted suicide -RRB- affects others much more deeply , and in ways not expected . It 's difficult to tell the how , why or who else without giving away the plot . But I will say that the movie does a good job of treating such a touchy subject with sensitivity , and in a way that does n't glamorize suicide or treat it lightly . Despite myself , I ended up enjoying this movie .
 There are plenty of problem-child films . I had low expectations -- that we would get the usual check list of problems , causes and events . Slam them in and crank out a movie . I do not know Hilary Duff 's work ; I have heard the name . I can say she has done a convincing job . I can assert that the casting in general is strong.Gretta the troubled child is put on a bus by her mother because mom is trying to stop her current husband from exiting . Gretta is an annoyance , and bloody adept at it . She is going to Ocean Grove , New Jersey , an idyllic ocean-front resort where Gretta 's grandparents have lived since mom was a brat . Ocean Grove is one of the beautifully built ocean fronts in the world . Large houses where porches and upper story balconies are prized far above a lawn , to gaze on the Atlantic and breathe oh so well.The central theme is teen suicide . There are others . The songs are a dead , so to speak , give away , The opening `` I Wan na Die '' might trigger the theme , but of course it is a lovely song about wishing to die in Louisiana , rather than , say , Burma . The sound track in general is thoughtfully chosen and effective in this well executed not in-your-face mode . Nice touch with this song . Another is a classic 50 's summer seaside song , `` Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea '' by heart throb Frankie Avalon.I like how the grandmother -LRB- Ellen Burstyn is better than in so many anguish-only roles -RRB- , and grandfather are fully developed characters . Evan Ross is superb as the romantic interest and , more importantly , the foil to Gretta 's background . He almost steals the show , but I am happy with both . We will be seeing more of him.With all of the story , there is still a little to see of careful film making . In Grandfather 's marina , do not miss the long shot of the dog paddling among the slips ; he fetches what otherwise looks like merely another floating board . Nice touch , this . Next you will see his project
 I rented it cause i thought it was gon na b kinda like georgia rule , and it was ... it is such an awsome movie ... and hilary duff did a superb job in the acting of this movie . . so did ellen burnsyn and evan ross.eveeryone was awsome in this movie !!!! If you watched georgia rule and liked that movie.then i would definalty recommend that u pick this up and watch it.even if you didnt ' watch that movie i say go and get this.because you wo n't be dissapointed . its that great of a movie .
 Well , Hillary Duff is the star and even producer of this small independent film shot on location in Ocean Grove and Asbury Park , New Jersey . They are both shore towns and she plays suicidal teen who is sent by her mother played by Melissa Leo to her maternal grandparents , Joseph and Katherine in Ocean Grove , a predominantly retirement community . Her grandparents are played by Michael Murphy and the wonderful Ellen Burstyn . She intends to but heads . She lives in a house where there is no cable and dial-up internet access . As for the movie , it 's a coming of age story set on the Jersey Shore and I do n't recognize Hilary Duff in her role as Greta . She does a brilliant job.I am saddened to know that this film was n't even distributed widely enough . Maybe HBO should express interest in showing this film . It has a good script , solid cast , and is memorable . It has a PG-13 rating , no profanity , and one kissing scene between Greta and her male love interest , a line cook at a seafood restaurant with an interesting past.I live in New Jersey so I enjoyed watching the locales . The extra footage showed the cast and crew being warmly received in the communities where they shot the film . It 's nice to know that Hillary took the time to meet her fans and take pictures while she was on location . I would have liked to have seen more of Melissa Leo playing Greta 's mom , Karen.Since I got the widescreen version , the pictures comes in pretty clear . It 's only when I go to the special features like the deleted scenes where I had some audio trouble.The film is nice but a little dark . It 's a shame that most people wo n't get the chance to view it in the theatres but I think cable would be more appropriate . It 's a shame that good melodramas like According to Greta are mixed in with whole the garbage of films out there.I know that Duff fans will probably rave over her performance as being dark and completely different from the norm in light-hearted comedies . I just hope the younger Duff fans are watching it with somebody older to explain some of the darkness around it .
 Similar to 2007 's Georgia Rule and what will be 2010 's The Last Song , ` According to Greta ' starring Hilary Duff is another drama featuring the plot of a rebellious daughter sent away to live with family . Unlike the other two , this film more-so tackles teen suicide . Duff plays the title role of Greta , a rebellious and free spirited teenager who is sent to live with her grandparents for the summer . The thing with Greta is , she 's contemplating suicide . Hilary Duff gives what is arguably the best performance of her career thus far in this bittersweet drama of love , loss and the meaning of family . A definite recommend for those who enjoyed Lindsay Lohan 's ` Georgia Rule ' .
 This movie is , without question , the best movie that Hilary Duff has ever starred in . She was brilliant in this film and I have waited 2 years for this movie to come out ! I watched it online and I plan on buying it when it is released on DVD & Blu-ray . Hilary Duff really expanded her ability towards acting . I love how the director put Evan Ross as her love interest for the film because these two went perfect together ! I especially loved the mature make-out scenes that was shown , especially the bedroom one . Hilary Duff is a fantastic actress and the cast for this movie was put together wonderfully . I simply can not wait for the DVD to come out and I wished that I could have saw this movie in theaters but I do not think it is going to be released -LRB- since producers are always changing the release date -RRB- . I LOVE THIS MOVIE !!!!!!! 5/5
 Even though this is an old storyline , teen angst with thoughts of suicide , this movie 's characters made the story fresh . Hilary Duff gives a realistic performance as the title character , a 17-year-old who 's trying to figure out who she wants to be in the midst of a troubled , broken family . Her mother seems to care only about her current relationship , and her father killed himself when she was very young . Greta 's mother ships her off to stay with her Gram -LRB- wonderfully played by the talented Ellen Burstyn -RRB- and Gramps -LRB- an enigmatic Michael Murphy -RRB- in the small town of Ocean Grove , New Jersey , for the summer . Greta views her stay as ` an imprisonment ' and sets out to be a total bad girl , but does find some redeeming moments as the movie progresses.In her journal which she keeps with her at all times , Greta keeps two lists
 `` According to Greta '' features a girl coming to grips with maturity and family values . In that , it 's probably like a lot of other teen movies . However , `` According to Greta '' is pretty extreme . I think the movie had potential , but seems like it seems split between two audiences . Hilary Duff and the teen love story seem likely to attract younger kids and teens . However , the plot is pretty dark . In fact , it begins with Greta -LRB- Duff -RRB- listing various ways to commit suicide . Certainly not a good influence for teens . Also , I just did n't think Duff had the gravitas to pull off a suicidal teen . However , I appreciate the movie trying to look at darker issues and ultimately promoting family values . Overall , 3.5 stars .
 In the beginning of this movie , Hilary 's character is riding on the bus to her grandparent 's house , where she is to be exiled . She was writing in her journal and whining about being sent to New Jersey for the summer . It was trying really hard to sound like Juno , where the characters are way smarter and use a larger vocabulary than most teens . She began talking about killing herself and I almost wanted her to ! Hilary Duff as the angst ridden teen was n't her usual role and I immediately thought she was in over her head.That being said , as the film progressed we learned more about her and why she is a rebellious girl contemplating suicide . The character has a death list in her journal as she contemplates ways to off herself before she graduates high school . She actually does a really good job of being an abrasive and troubled 17 year old . I would agree with other reviews and say that this is her best role so far . She showed she could stretch herself into different roles and not just be the perky girl in her films . She gave the character depth and I actually grew to like her and want her to work it all out.The character , Greta , pushes everyone away by pushing them to the edge . She wants everything her way and she makes no apologizes for that . She steam rolls right over her grandparents with her curfew and cable tv , just to name a couple . She even steam rolls a restaurant owner to hire her as a waitress with no experience and a bad attitude . Then she meets a young man with a troubled past who helps her see that things can change , but only if you change them . That begins her transformation.I cried during this movie , I admit it . I could n't believe that a Hilary Duff movie was making me cry . All I can say is that I liked it . I would n't recommend this to young Hilary Duff viewers at all . It is not a light movie . Worthy of a look !
 This movie is about a teenager who comes to grips with losing a father to suicide and plans to commit suicide after completing a list of things to do . Her mother is working on relationship number 9 and does not want her around , so she is sent to spend time with her grandparents . She gets her way often , acts out , says hurtful things , gets into trouble and gets people around her into trouble or sucks them into her dramas . She gets a job with her spunk and becomes a fiesty waitress with an attitude , falls in love with an assistant cook who is an excon who is turning over a new leaf and who has saved himself . The basic flow of the story is fairly predictable in the sense that she turns her life around after being lovingly called on her stuff by the excon she has fallen in love with . But the scenes are well chosen and well acted . The plot is believable and her turning around is believable too . There is a kind of generational interaction that is nice , in that it seems that the grandma , the mother , and daughter share a kind of weakness and are a little like each other , which horrifies them a little when they start to figure it out . The feel is like a high quality made for TV movie . I enjoyed watching it .
 I was very surprised at Hilarys acting ability in this film , she was VERY good . Like someone said before me , this is her best film . I ca n't believe this was n't released in theaters , with some promotion I think it could of been a moderate hit . I 'm going to buy it so I can watch it again .
 The new DVD I ordered came before the estimated arrival date . I would suggest though that maybe you put a letter or note card of some sort in the package with the shipment with your website on it so that it would be easier for your customers to remember who to write the review for . I also think that you might want to wrap the item your shipping in bubble wrap , mine got to me just fine but i know that the mail service can be rough on packages from time to time . Any way thank you I had a GREAT FIRST ONLINE PURCHASING EXPERIENCE !!
 Greta is a waitress who falls for an ambitious cook at the restaurant where they work . But as their summer romance heats up , she has to overcome the concerns of her grandparents about her boyfriend 's criminal past .
 Greta wants to kill herself , Greta gets shipped off to her Grandparents , and Greta spends the summer discovering who she is and why life may be worth living . Not the most original script , but let 's face it , most movies end just the way you thought they would and take the path you thought they would take . In ` According to Greta ' it is mostly about watching the journey . We see into Greta 's inner thoughts through diary sequences , a clever montage of doodles , clip art and frantic scribbles . I have to admit , it was one of the most interesting , and perhaps the only original , thing about the show.Evan Ross shines on-screen , turning in a wonderfully understated performance , in contrast with Hillary Duff 's performance , which seems just a little too desperate . -LRB- We get it , you are n't Lizzy McGuire anymore . -RRB- I think Duff does a respectable job in the role ; the character is just a little much . She 's smart , she 's bored , and she 's clever . So , just be smart , bored and clever . Do n't take every opportunity to tell us how smart , bored and clever her character is.Overall , this is a good movie . I enjoyed watching it , even if I doubt I 'll ever watch it a second time .
 great movie for teens , to look at themselves , which is hard at that age . My teen granddaughters loved it as did their mother .
 This movie is very touching . I would recommend it to any teen who feels lost or unwanted or suicidal . Great story of young love , too .
 This movie was good and meaningful . Hilary Duff played a dynamic role as rebellious , outspoken , and rude Greta . She hated her mother , her boyfriend , and pretty much everyone else . But , she realized that life is not all about her as she stayed with her maternal grandparents temporarily , found a job , met a former criminal boyfriend , attempted suicide , and so on .
 Was a good movie , a bit different from the regular characters we know Hillary duff for , this is a more serious version . Now about the movie , some might think it just was n't up to it because she portrayed a character who was acting all spoiled and what not . However , this is a reality in our society , and not everyone has a happy and almost perfect life . Most people have their own set of problems to work through some more than other , and with enough help and support anyone can get through it . I extremely enjoyed the movie and would recommend it to anyone who wants something a bit more touching .
 my sister and i recently watched the movie and we thought that the movie was good . we thought that it was hilary duff 's greatest performence in the movie.to us we thought the character she played in the movie was different from her lizzie mcguire character.not only we like hilary duff as an actor , but we also like her as a singer . sincerly chrisfan .
 Knowing this was an indie movie I was n't expecting the usual feel good Hollywood movies Hilary Duff has made in the past . What I did not expect was her portrayal of a troubled young girl who eventually finds that she 's got a lot to live for once she looks past her own tribulations . Ms. Duff 's performance in this film shows acting skills that she had n't shown in the past . While this movie is by no means a great film it is worth watching and has a good message .
 Hilary Duff 's performance of a troubled seventeen year old girl is realistic . She , and the writers , create a character which can be identified with and understood . Unlike artificial characters of most movies , Greta is real , at moments she is n't very nice , but at other moments she evokes great sympathy from the audience.This is n't a `` teen fluff '' movie . There are funny moments , but this is not a comedy . It 's not a romance either , yet there are romantic touches . It 's basically real life , perhaps aspects of it you may not have experienced in your life , but that is all the more reason to watch a movie like this , it provides an opportunity to encounter some real life emotions and issues . `` Greta '' will never win any awards , nor gain much attention , because it lacks sex , violence and action . Yet it 's not boring -LRB- primarily because of the good performances and realistic nuances -RRB- , it 's exactly what a movie should be
 This is a great movie I love Hillary Duff and this was one of her better movies Watched it with family and everyone loved it ...
 Greta , the character , suffers from a lot of sarcasm and a cynical world-view . Hillary Duff gives life and motivation to 17-year-old Greta , who maintains two lists
 Just saw this film at its Santa Monica , California , premiere . It is truly a shame that the movie is not being distributed in theatres and instead is going direct to DVD & Blu-Ray . I hope the DVD contains some extras , especially a commentary , all of which were sadly lacking on the DVDs for Hilary Duff 's earlier small , independent films of `` War , Inc. '' and `` What Goes Up . `` For those who have doubted Hilary Duff 's dramatic talent up until now , `` According to Greta '' should put those fears to rest . Duff turns in an unquestionably strong performance of a complicated character that will come as a surprise to those primarily familiar with her more tween/teen-oriented work such as the `` Lizzie McGuire '' TV series , `` A Cinderella Story , '' and the `` Cheaper by the Dozen '' films . What the audience has borne witness to here is her genuine maturity as an actress and the possible paradigm shift in her career to more serious dramatic fare in the future.Duff plays the title character of Greta , a 17 year old girl who has been `` exiled '' to her grandparents ' home in New Jersey for the summer , given her mother 's own inability to control her daughter and preference for saving her troubled marriage . Greta has decided to end her life once she turns 18 , currently reflecting upon which method of death would be most desirable . Simultaneously , she has created a `` bucket list '' of sorts of things to experience in the final year of her life . The news of Greta 's plans come as a surprise to her grandparents , especially her grandmother , played by veteran actress Ellen Burstyn . The Golden Globe - and Oscar-nominated Burstyn turns in a fine performance as Greta 's `` Grammy '' Katherine , who is determined to give her granddaughter structure and discipline , and perhaps even aide in finding value in life.Another surprise performance is given by actor Evan Ross , who plays Julie , a restaurant line cook with a shady past , who is committed to living as responsible and ethical a life as possible . Next to Duff 's substantive performance , Ross ' own poised and balanced performance will likely be a highlight of the film for viewers . In the movie , Greta and Julie become co-workers and eventually strike up a romance , one that comes off naturally , even in scenes of interpersonal character unease . But Greta 's hardened attitude about life , her sharp hurtful words , and manipulative actions towards Julie , as well as her grandparents , threaten to drive those closest to Greta away , even as they all labor to help her see life 's gifts.Standing behind inter-relational tensions , is a haunting secret from the past . Will the recognition of this painful experience finally push Greta to take her life ? Or can her grandparents and Julie -- or more pointedly , can she herself -- help transform her great pains into a realization for the sanctity of life ? Check out the movie and find out for yourself .
 This movie review is part of my obligation to Amazon for accepting to be a member of the Vine program , a club of selected customers that provide opinions about `` new and pre-released items . '' We enter this club by accepting free copies of products but we promise in return to submit an opinion.Greta is a welcome addition to our movie collection . The plot reveals a young woman who is growing up right before our very eyes , going from a teenager filled with anger and issues of abandonment , to a rebellious girl sent to spend a summer with her grandparents , to a young woman attempting to become independent through a job , where she meets a young man that has had very difficult times and clashes with what he perceives as a person who `` could be lots of fun , passionate , but who could get him into trouble again . `` The movie started slow , one has to ponder as to where the movie is taking us and soon we find ourselves in the middle of a powerful story of transformation.Hillary Duff 's performance as this 17 year old who is overcoming parental abandonment issues while she figures out who she is and who she wants to be is magnificent . The grandparents , played by Ellen Burstyn and Michael Murphy are pivotal to her growth , presenting the generational friction necessary for Greta to create a vision for the future.Without attempting to give the plot away , if you enjoy transformational movies that reveal key elements of personal growth , then this movie is excellent . If you have teenagers in your family , share the experience for them to gain from the lessons learned from this rather dysfunctional family.Don ' t miss it !
 -LRB- Spoiler-free -RRB- I literally JUST finished watching this movie . The credits are rolling.I had to write the review as soon as possible.I see that on here , ACCORDING TO GRETA has some negative reviews . Quite a few , in fact . From what I 've seen -LRB- because I wanted to do my homework -RRB- , most of the issues are that the character is too dark or because this movie is n't very good for our kids . Some say Hilary is too old for the part , and some say the character herself is very unrealistic . Finally , some say that the acting was n't very good . Listen to my take on this.AN OVERVIEW
 Hillary Duff is outstanding as Greta , who is sent by her mother to spend the summer at the Jersey Shore with her grandparents -LRB- played by Michael Murphy & Ellen Burstyn -RRB- and this girl is NOT a pleasure to be around.The scenery of the wonderful town is beautifully shot and the soundtrack is very engaging , making for good movie experience . I really enjoyed the nice animated scenes of Greta 's journal writings that bumper many of the sections of her summer experience.This is a good version of a movie that has been made many times before -LRB- like Rebel Without a Cause and many others -RRB- about growing up and learning what life is really about and this outstanding cast really delivers.Besides the always outstanding Murphy & Burstyn , I want to mention a great performance by Even Ross , who plays the different race tough kid that has been played in other movies without the skill and tenderness displayed by Ross in an engaging turn that makes you like and respect the kid in the film.The DVD comes with a making of documentary that 's quite interesting as well as some deleted & alternate scenes and an unused different ending.Overall I enjoyed the film and I wanted to watch all the extras , which does n't happen with me on most movies.I wanted to see this movie because Hillary Duff seems to be in good quality pictures and I 'm glad I did !
 I should probably start off by saying that I am a HUGE Hilary Duff fan but I also like to think of myself as a person who is really good at giving unbiased opinions . I understand that movie critics do not think very highly of Hilary and I can understand that since the movies she has done have kept her in the `` tween category '' -LRB- even though I really like those movies because they make me happy -RRB- . `` According to Greta '' is one of the many slew of movies that Hilary has been a part of lately to help move her more in a direction of a young adult actress -LRB- others including `` War Inc. , '' `` What Goes Up , '' and her guest appearance on `` Gossip Girl '' -RRB- and this is by far her best acting display . She is very believable as the rebellious , super sarcastic and suicidal teenager forced to stay with her grandparents for the summer . I have to say that I also enjoyed all of the side characters just as much in this film . Her grandmother , grandfather and boy interest were well played and allowed the film to seem very real.It is unfortunate that it took SO long for this movie to come out -LRB- I believe filming finished in late 2007 -RRB- and when it came out in theaters it was only in L.A. For this reason I encourage everyone to buy or rent this because it truly is a great film . It is an indie , low budget film but it is still very enjoyable . I 'm very happy for Hilary , she is still young and can still go far places with her acting career . I would n't say this is her big break but it is definitely a huge leap in the right direction for her .
 This movie is not your typical hilary duff , girly movie . Even tho , those movies are good too , this movie is a complete different side of her . She displays a suicidal teen , and i must say her acting is done very well.This movie is a real coming to age movie . Not a comedy , or a romance or a family film . This movie is about Greta , trying to find herself , and understand life . There are many morals of the story.How many movies nowadays actually have good morals ? not many!Im 17 , and i believe this movie is best for teens , around 16 and up . theres a level of maturity , and understanding that is needed to watch this movie .
 Somewhere between the screenplay and Ms. Duff 's performance in the first half of the movie , the power of this film is almost undermined . Miss Duff , as Executive Producer , clearly found the story appealing . However , it takes a closer look to fully appreciate the winning qualities of this endeavor . Miss Duff seems unclear how to embrace the role . Should she portray the character 's youthful recklessness as a reflection of what her audience would expect ? Or will she allow the role to provide her with the bridge she seems to be searching for from teen idol to serious actress ? . The script is slow to reveal where the movie 's gravitas lies . That is part of its problem because the writer -LRB- s -RRB- are not completely comfortable in taking a bold leap with the story . That cautiousness places the movie just right above a `` movie of the week '' television fare . The addition of Ms. Burstyn and Ms. Leo also gives the movie breeding.While this movie was built around Hillary Duff , the bright , sparkling career of Evan Ross continues to shine through . In his first semi-romantic lead , Evan 's character , Julie , is mature , remorseful and loving . Ms. Duff may have thought that this `` bad girl '' role would be an opportunity for her to stretch and move into more adult roles . Instead , she comes off looking like a spoiled , undeserving brat . In one of the first more arresting scenes , when she callously reveals how Julie -LRB- Evan Ross -RRB- learned to cook , it is Evan Ross that pulls the scene up and gives Ms. Duff 's `` Greta '' more substance to play off of . The Academy Award winning actress , Ellen Burstyn , seems a little uncomfortable in the role of her grandmother . Perhaps that is intentional . The affection shared between her and her husband , as seniors still capable of loving , is unique in cinema today.Evan Ross has an impressive resume of films -LRB- 25 -RRB- in some stage of development/production . He has such an ease on camera that it is rather mundane to state , but he looks like a natural on screen . Here he gets to emote in a different way than his previous other -LRB- 6 -RRB- roles . His youthfulness limits the types of roles that he gets to play so to see him show another side of a teen developing into a young man , is refreshing.In only a manner of time , there is undoubtedly a full starring role for him waiting in the wings . He has taken on some solid supporting roles in his previous works -LRB- `` Life Support '' , `` Gardens of the Night '' , `` Pride '' , `` ATL '' , etc. -RRB- . He is now clearly ready for the camera to focus solely on his amazing talents.He literally steals the show in this affecting role . The movie could have taken the traditional path but it makes an effective , if not , startling progression . His eyes are those classic `` Ross '' eyes and he clearly has inherited his mother 's natural abilities on screen.He is just a moment away from that break through role . `` ATL '' is in constant replay on BET and TVONE . `` Life Support '' has gotten a strong amount of airplay on HBO . So his face is becoming more and more familiar ... out of all the movies on his slate , that breakthrough role is sitting , waiting to be enjoyed by his building fan base and those ready to discover an amazing new talent , one , Mr. Evan Olaf Ross-Naess . Thanks to the appearances and performances from Ellen Burstyn , Melissa Leo and Mr. Ross , the movie earns another viewing . Though it never got a full theatrical run , it deserves a closer look as a rental , if only to watch the fascinating development of Evan Ross .
 I really liked this movie . Of course I was going to watch it , being a Hilary Duff fan . Her work lately has been very good -LRB- War , Inc. , What Goes Up -RRB- , and since she was producer on this movie and it was an independent I wanted to support it . The movie itself was a classic story ; yes , but the way it was told , the twists , and the controversial things that she addressed made it worth watching . Hilarys performance was great . I liked the fact that they brought up inter-racial dating , and it was n't the minority that ` needed to get their stuff together ' . For once , the white girl needed to get her stuff together . I liked the details they brought up . How many times in a movie do you actually see condoms ? Well , in this movie , you see one . . I liked that they were trying to address safe sex . I am not going to give away too much for those that have n't seen the movie . I will say , go , watch the movie . Look for the details . The way they say things . . or do n't . Either way it is a great movie in my opinion .
 One would n't think the subject of suicide should be done with such a light-hearted tone . But here we see Greta , though an unhappy 17-year-old , would n't really kill herself . She just wants attention . But her mother does n't realize that and sends her to live with her grandparents for the summer , on the excuse that she needs to work on her marriage . We learn that Greta aches to know her real father , who committed suicide when she was young , and to get her mother to be more open and honest with her . This film shows Greta struggling against her grandparents by saying she 's gon na do whatever she pleases , and gets a job as a waitress , goes into the forbidden Ashbury Park , makes her new boyfriend climb the trellis into her bedroom - and writes a series of bizarre fun notes in her notebook.The movie has a light tone , a lovely resolution , great acting , and superb filming techniques , including some of the entries in her journal that come to life . I think the movie does a wonderful job shedding some light on teen suicides , and on how only we can change ourselves - we ca n't expect others to do it for us.This movie was released in 2009 , but I do n't think it ever made it to the screens , which is a shame .
 Was surprised by the maturing of Duff in this movie . It seems we have all watched her since she was a small girl in some capacity or another , so this role was a new one . I also noted that she produced the movie as well . Who knows this may be a turning point in her career . The story focuses on the relationship between a 17 year old and her mother/grandparents . Since I have family members in this age group I could feel strong identification in the differences of ages and expectations of each other . Duff is a lost young woman , bent on self destruction and apparently the destruction of those around her . She is angry and rebellious . She is without a father and this void has never been filled in her . Her mothers apparent neglect of her in her fight to find a life for herself as well has further driven the wedge between them . Avoidence of the `` problem '' leads the mother to send her to her grandparents for the summer . The grandparents have a hard time adjusting to the free willed Greta as well but I had to admire the fact that they were determined to help her . It is a delightfully complex movie about the relationships in a family and you may see yourself in any of the roles represented . Not for young children .
 Hilary really impressed me on this spectacular movie about finding your place in the world and how everyone just wants a little L-O-V-E . Buy this movie and you wont regret it . It has comedy drama and something for everyone . I still cant belive it was n't realesed worldwide .
 Hilary Duff gives an amazing performance as Greta . Move the letters around and you 've got `` Great . '' This is more than a great movie . It is definetely my favorite Hilary Duff movie and in my top favorite movies of all time !
 I love everything about this movie . The act direction , the music , the cast.It really goes beyond the story of a rebellious , suicidal teenager . It has such a profound meaning with a really great message . There are some really great quotes in this movie , I 've seen it four times and every time I learn something new.I recommended to anyone really , this film seems to have something for everyone , Greta 's got you covered .
 I think this movie shows Hilary Duff 's best performance . There is no one else I can picture perfectly executing the character of Greta like Duff did . The movie is somewhat fresh , it is a bit similar to `` Georgia Rule '' - the fact that the teen bratty girl gets sent to her grandparents to deal with . The movie has funny moments and is very enjoyable . I 've recommended it to three of my friends including my boyfriend and they have all liked it , including my boyfriend who dislikes Hilary Duff .
 When I first read the previews for this film , I scoffed at the idea that Hilary Duff could play a sarcastic , smart-aleck , suicidal teenage girl . But when I watched the movie , I was impressed with her performance . After all , I am a big fan of Hilary , and I sincerely wanted to slap her face when I watched this movie . Sometimes the `` bad girl '' or tough girl is n't always in your face ; it 's in the strength of her words , her tone , or her body language , all of which Hilary used to make the character of Greta come alive . What we see when we peel back the layers is a girl who yearns to be loved , but has been so used to being disappointed that she puts up barriers .
 A young woman plans on killing herself and is obsessed about the different methods she may try . She is obviously struggling with where she fits in within this world . This is a mature film and I hope that the fact that Hillary Duff plays the lead role does not attract children who are too young and immature because I do n't think that they 'd understand it really . In other words , this is n't the kind of movie you 'd expect her to star in . I did enjoy the film though , and thought that she did a good job playing her character . It 's for the older teens though - definitely not her younger fans .
 I had this movie sitting next to my TV for quite sometime before I finally watched it . I like Hillary Duff but I was really expecting this movie to either bore me to tears or make me feel embarrassed for her.I was wrong . It 's actually a pretty good girl movie . I 'll tell you right now that guys are most likely NOT going to be crazy about it because it 's just a girly kind of movie . Hillary does very well depicting the obnoxiously rude teen who 's mother has pushed her onto her unsuspecting maternal grandparents . Greta quickly informs her grandparents of her intention to kill herself by the end of the summer but it 's pretty obvious right from the start that she 's really in it for the shock factor . Through out the movie Greta keeps a diary that is read to the audience through some really neat stop motion displays of pictures , writing , and little mementos with a voice over from Greta . It 's really pretty cute.If you like Hillary Duff at all , you 'll like this movie . At any rate , give it a chance ... she might surprise you too .
 Let me say from the start that Hilary Duff surprises in this movie . She plays a darker character well , utilizing sarcastic humor but staying accessible enough to the viewer that you rooted for her . While the running issue of suicide is a strong dark constant it is not adequately explored and the overall veneer of the movie is a bit too serene for such a serious topic . It is as though they wanted to keep the movie in the mainstream while looking at flawed characters . Or perhaps with a running time of about 90 minutes , they did n't leave themselves enough time to thoroughly explore the impact of suicide in our society -LRB- though they did show that it resonates with a lot of families and among teens -RRB- . Having said this , my family enjoyed the film and felt that the plot was intriguingly portrayed by the actors even if a bit too predictable and `` neat '' . There is a romance and there is humor , so the film is not depressing and only my youngest tween expressed a desire to see Hilary in something lighter , so you might want to keep that in mind if you decide to watch the film with younger Hilary fans . Overall , it is recommended viewing but you wish they had achieved Great instead of just Good .
 Scratching deeper beyond the surface one can find RETURN OF THE SEVEN to be significantly different from its predecessor , THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN . It is much more than a thematically framed sequel which it can easily be mistaken for . RETURN OF THE SEVEN is a dark film and it does not offer the hope of a truly optimistic future for any of its characters . In this respect it is a complete inversion of THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN . Through their catharsis in the original we saw an attempt at redemption through an act of nobility on the part of the seven . They truly were noble and I believe were redeemed for their transgressions as gunmen . Some thought they could start their lives over again but inevitably they could not . That film had to end as it did with the seven ultimately all committed to their singular code of ethics and morality in an emotionally charged finale . In this film there is very little emotion on the surface . Instead director Burt Kennedy gives us a thought provoking study into the human psyche and the very nature of defeatism of the human spirit . In this film there are no pretensions on the part of the seven . For most of them this is just another gun job . There are no higher aspirations that they are cognizant of . If it were not this job , it would be the next . To tell his story Burt Kennedy focuses almost entirely on the character of Chris the leader , perfectly portrayed again by Yul Brynner . This is not really a tale of the seven . Instead Kennedy uses Brynner with all his aplomb and apparent stoicism to curiously examine and probe the motivations of the other six , Lorca the villain -LRB- pompously played by Mexican director Emilio Fernandez -RRB- and several other key characters . In effect Kennedy takes what was apparently a happy or satisfactory ending from THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN and asks what if . What if 10 years later the remaining characters are not so contented as prior events led us to believe they would be ? Would friends be willing go up against innumerable odds ? Would strangers once again sign on to go up against those same innumerable odds ? Do the strong still have to help the weak ? And who really are the strong and the weak ? When 50 or more marauding vaqueros whisk away Chico -LRB- Julian Mateos -RRB- and other Mexican farmers from surrounding villages Chris and Vin -LRB- Robert Fuller -RRB- agree to come to his aid . However it is Chris alone that recruits the members of the `` seven '' this time out . Kennedy singularly endows Chris a sense of morality and level headedness in this film that comes from his wisdom and manner of nobility . In effect this is Brynner 's film all the way . Just as John Sturges ' directorial style was so smooth that his own storytelling glossed right over the depth and complexity of his own work so is Burt Kennedy 's . However , Kennedy is challenged with a very dark and brooding tale to tell . Where Sturges ' THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN could easily have been taken on a purely action film level and still been successful , Kennedy does not have that luxury . Kennedy has to deliver an action film built on previous events and he also has to approach the story from a different perspective to remain fresh yet keep it thematically to the concept of the original `` Seven . '' Not an easy task ! If the viewer does not look deeply into this film it may just appear as a well produced ` dud . ' However , I believe Kennedy succeeds far beyond expectations the more times I view this film . Again it comes back to Brynner . He makes members of the seven -LRB- Vin , Chico and Colbee -RRB- all come to realizations about themselves with his subtle yet profound dialogue . He gives Riker and Luis a chance at redemption even though both men come from total opposites of the spectrum . He helps the failed priest rise from his failures `` at least as far as his knees . '' Chris even gives Lorca , the villain a chance to ride out because when Chris was younger he gave him the same chance . However , Chris refuses to let Lorca now bathe his personal grief as an ineffectual father `` in other men 's blood . '' Yet even Lorca is literally redeemed by the end of the film . When Petra tells Chris that the farmers will never forget them he simply replies , `` That 's all a man can ask . '' That is the mystique and legacy of the `` seven . '' Even the character of Chris is endowed with human flaws . He recklessly took on the young Manuel rounding out the seven `` for luck '' with tragic results and we see Brynner deeply grieved on the screen . This is a film of hard lessons learned . Technically this is a well-made film . The cinematography is full of crane , dolly and tracking shots , which gives it both perspective and movement . Bernstein 's score is full and lush and this is the single cohesive element that keeps the seven together . The set designs are dark , grim and rustic giving the film a pensive psychological depth . The payoff for Brynner and the viewer comes in the final shot . Looking at the farmers rebuilding the village he comments , `` I 'll be damned . '' Vin looks at him and responds , `` I doubt that . I doubt that very much . '' They both ride off . They just do n't make heroes like that any more .
 No matter how often I 've seen this movie it is always entertaining.They do n't make good western 's like this any more . One of my twofavorites .
 Great movie . Gave it to a friend as a gift & they love it . Great fast service . Keep up the good work .
 Great old footage , and great interviews -LRB- mostly with Wilt , Jerry , Bill Sharman and Gail Goodrich -RRB- of the 71-72 team . Surprisingly gives a good background as to the Lakers move to LA and the heartache the team endured year in and year out coming up just short of a title courtesy of the Celtics reign . Makes it even more interesting to note just how this team achieved such a level of greatness that year , when most people figured that their best days were behind them . Only complaint is that I would 've liked to seen more material devoted to Happy Hairston and Jim MacMillan -LRB- as they were vital cogs to the teams success that year -RRB- , but nevertheless a great vid . Extras include interviews with Pat Riley , Bill Walton and Tommy Hawkins , and all are very entertaining and insightful.Even if you are not a huge Lakers fan , if you were a fan of the NBA like I was in the late 60 's and throughout the 70 's , buy it . You will not be disappointed on this one .
 To go back in time and watch those legends play was great to see . You go throught a litle history of Lakers failing to win and then you get to know the best players and then you just go throught the season with them and finish as champions.West , Wilt and Gail wining and the sad part og Elgin Baylor not on the team .
 This is a movie that dramatize a real life sacrificial situation . I was impressed and surprised with the ending . It takes a great talent to finish a story-line without one of the main characters .
 Our entire family previewed this movie at a film festival in Ca . It was a hit as the audience clapped at the end . Fun for all ages , great tunes and a wonderful cast . Thumbs up for director Dane Cannon . When can we expect your next movie ? Thanks for entertainment fit for the whole family .
 My kids loved this movie - they 've already watched it 3 times . It will most definitely be quoted around the dinner table . Lot 's of fun for the kids and I enjoyed it too . Wo n't mind having it play in the car - over and over .
 I recently saw this movie at a screening and it is fantastic ! It has a unique plot and great soundtrack . Your kids will love it and you will enjoy it too !
 I ca n't wait for this DVD to come out ! I saw this movie premiere at a film festival and LOVED it . Great cast , great soundtrack , and finally a movie you can share with your whole family .
 I got this thinking it the kids would like it , and they loved it . It has one of their favorite actors from High School Musical . My wife and I really enjoyed it too . There were plenty of jokes for adults , but nothing inappropriate for kids . The music was fun . It felt like a Disney Channel movie . I did see it cheaper in store at Wal-Mart .
 A very refreshing different story line . A movie our whole family enjoyed , we laughed through the whole thing ! The extra 's are a kick too , and we do n't have young children in our house , it was great just the same .
 If you like anything like haggard or minghags or where the f *** is Santa you will definitely love this movie it is hilarious like all the others .
 This movie is bound to be a cult classic . If you dug the music from the film you can get some of the songs here :[ ... -RSB-
 This movie is hilarious , dunn was one of a kind . If you love the cky/haggard/minghags type of humor , this movie is for you .
 Anything with Dunn in it is good in my book . If you are a fan of Dunn then this is definitely a movie for you . Do n't expect Jackass or anything like that because it does have some of that humor in it but not much . Still great . Dunn shines in this . I miss him .
 This DVD was in perfect condition when it arrived to my hut , although I have no DVD player to watch it , it still was very nice to pretend to read the very well-kept case . Thank you for this .
 this was a great movie . ryan dunn is hilarious . it was sad watching it knowing he is dead now . the casket scene was hard to watch .
 Very silly and funny . Although , why is Bam Margera on the cover ? He only had a 3 minute cameo as Hillbilly # 1 . Also , The dog on the cover is not in the movie nor is the chicken haha but all that aside i thought this movie was great . RIP Ryan Dunn .
 I know most ppl wo n't agree with me but this is the most amazing movie I have ever seen , funny , sad , everything you would ever want in a movie all rolled into one . Ryan was amazing in this and I will never forget him .
 The only bone I have to pick is them putting Bam on the cover to sell some copies , you only see him for a few seconds . Overall it was hilarious , I 'm not going to sit here and say how good it was , just go watch it ! RIP Dunn .
 Awesome movie , but do n't be mistaken about Bam . As far as I know this was Dunn 's last production , and a hell of a good one .
 This movie is great . i went to the test screening of this movie and met ryan dunn and bam margera . Its funny it unique and deffinatly a movie that ryan has no problem doing lol!Great Movie RIP Ryan Dunn
 the movie was apparently remade or something because the cover shows the two main characters as ryan dunn and bam margera which will probably make it a better movie because of the chemistry between the two . R.I.P. Ryan Dunn
 This DVD is complete second season of the OCW online wrestling show . It includes all 17 matches featuring the legendary wrestlers and wrestlerettes that have made OCW such a success.The stars , both the men and the women , are smoking hot , there ` s someone for everybody . OCW will go down in history as one of the most creative promotions when it comes to settings for the matches ; from mat wrestling , to pool matches , even locker rooms , the action never stops.This is one of the most popular seasons of OCW , and it 's obvious why . It contains such classic matches as the Brent Horstman vs. Major Impact locker room match ; the Young Bucks vs. the Brody Brothers ; The Brody Bros. vs. SCAB ; and Tyler Austin vs. Officer Adam.This is the first DVD featuring internet sensation , Tyler Austin , one of the sexiest wrestlers ever , and it features indy favorites , the Young Bucks and the Cutlers.For nonstop excitement , you ca n't go wrong with OCW .
 Great fight movie , If you are into wresling movies you will like this DVD , Many Matchs on one disc . Acting is OK , Guys are hot
 This is another good quality double-feature DVD of De Mille silent films
 Why Change Your Wife ? is a nice complement to the other DeMille release Do n't Change Your Husband . Both are frivolous films with similar stories . In this film , a husband gets tired of his nagging wife -LRB- Gloria Swanson -RRB- who wants to be sophisticated more than she wants to have fun . He flees to a young , beautiful model -LRB- Bebe Daniels -RRB- and marries her but finds that she too has her flaws . In response , the lovesick Swanson does all she can to be her ex 's ideal so that she can win him back.Swanson is again a clotheshorse , but she is also a decipherable character and a lovable one at that . DeMille did remarkably well with these types of films and should have made more . His sophisticated touch makes this 1920s film more advanced than other films of that year.The second film on this disk is Miss Lulu Bett , a film starring lesser known silent actress Lois Wilson in the title role . She is a sad looking creature who is used in a large family as a maid . When the head of the family gets a visit from his brother , Lulu is treated with respect for the first time in her life . But this man turns out to be detrimental to her . Still , he brings about a positive change in her life and creates an interesting story about a mousy girl who gains confidence.The family structure is hilariously horrible and there are scenes that honestly depict mundane events of daily life.The prints for these films are not perfect ; artifacts mar the screen . However , the picture is focused and clear , making it very watchable . The music scores are very good and compliment the actions on screen nicely .
 This DVD gives us an excellent double feature ; we get Why Change Your Wife ? directed by Cecil B. DeMille and Miss Lulu Bett directed by Cecil 's brother William DeMille . Each film has been well restored on DVD and the plot of each movie moves along at a good pace . I never became bored , either.Why Change Your Wife features the great Gloria Swanson and Thomas Meighan as Mr. and Mrs. Robert Gordon -- and boy , is their marriage ever stuck in a rut ! Robert Gordon complains , with good reason , that his wife Beth -LRB- Gloria Swanson -RRB- treats him as if she were his `` governess ; '' she nit-picks on Robert almost constantly . Moreover Beth alienates her husband Robert even further by dressing like a dowdy old aunt and insisting on making Robert sit through classical music when she knows he would much rather go to the `` Follies '' instead.One day Robert decides to go buy a new dress for Beth ; he hopes this will soften her mood . Instead he rapidly becomes infatuated and wooed by an old girlfriend , Sally Clark -LRB- Bebe Daniels -RRB- . Soon Robert and Beth get a divorce and Robert remarries Sally . Not surprisingly , however , after Robert marries Sally he only then finds out that most if not all wives are the same.Will Robert stay married to Sally or will he return to Beth ? What happens when Beth is free of Robert and she tries to dress more fashionably ? No spoilers here -- you 'll just have to watch the movie to find out!The second feature on this DVD is entitled Miss Lulu Bett . This is truly a more modern version of the Cinderella story . Lulu -LRB- Lois Wilson -RRB- , the dowdy sister in law of Dwight Deacon -LRB- Theodore Roberts -RRB- , is treated cruelly as a slave ; the Deacons think nothing of dumping all the housework on Lulu and Dwight makes fun of Lulu for having no suitors . One day all this changes when on a lark she `` pretends '' to marry Dwight 's brother Ninian Deacon -LRB- Clarence Burton -RRB- . The first week of their marriage seems heavenly -- until Lulu 's new world comes crashing down when Ninian reveals that his first wife may still be alive and that he and Lulu may not be married after all.Things are even more complicated . Neil Cornish -LRB- Milton Sills -RRB- truly does love Lulu and would like nothing more than to marry Lulu for love and not on some silly lark . Trouble lurks even more when Monona Deacon -LRB- Mae Giraci -RRB- tries to elope with Bobby Larkin -LRB- Taylor Graves -RRB- and Lulu has to take the heat for Monona to protect Monona.The movies both have excellent sets and the choreography is well done in fight scenes . The convincing acting always had me glued to the screen ; and the cinematography is not bad for the time.Overall , I highly recommend this double feature DVD for silent film buffs ; and fans of Gloria Swanson will love her performance in Why Change Your Wife?Great job , everyone !
 WHY CHANGE YOU WIFE is the latest Cecil B. DeMille silent film to be released on DVD . It is the last of his marital trilogy and the second to be issued so far -LRB- DON `` T CHANGE YOUR HUSBAND -LRB- 1919 -RRB- and OLD WIVES FOR NEW -LRB- 1918 -RRB- are the others -RRB- . WIFE with Gloria Swanson and Thomas Meighan was filmed in 1920 and follows up on HUSBAND by showing the consequences of rashly discarding your mate -LRB- a rather shocking idea back then -RRB- . As in HUSBAND it takes a divorce for the partners to realize that they were better off together and the rest of the film is spent trying to get back to square one . The fun comes in the transformation of Gloria Swanson from a frumpy intellectual housewife who loses her husband to another woman -LRB- Bebe Daniels -RRB- into ... Gloria Swanson . Her transition occurs so suddenly that you wonder why she did n't do it while she was still married but then you 'd have no film . Along the way there are several witty observations on the battle of the sexes indicating that little has changed since 1920 . These are punctuated by original title cards that are as priceless for their artwork as for what they have to say . Sales of `` Forbidden Fruit '' , the perfume featured in the film , went through the roof after WIFE 's release.The second half of this double-bill features one of the very few surviving films of Cecil 's older brother William deMille -LRB- he kept the original family spelling -RRB- who started his career as a successful Broadway playwright . One of his plays THE WARRENS OF VIRGINIA from 1907 featured Cecil as an actor and a 15 year old performer named Mary Pickford . MISS LULU BETT was based on the stage version of a then famous book which examined the lonely life of a maiden aunt and her attempts to break free from the stifling enviornment of her sister 's family . This is a silent example of what was then called a `` woman 's picture '' which we know today as a `` chick flick '' . It concentrates on plot and slow development of character rather than fast pacing and lots of action . In style it is very similar to the films of Lois Weber especially THE BLOT -LRB- also reviewed by me -RRB- which came out the same year , 1921 , just one year after women received the right to vote . The ensemble performances by the family are all solid with Lois Wilson a standout as the title character . Wilson was a big star for Paramount in the early 1920 's later appearing in 1923 's THE COVERED WAGON -LRB- which still is unavailable on DVD -RRB- . Although LULU is dated by today 's standards , it 's fascinating to see just how dated and just how far single women have come since 1921 . While I enjoyed WIFE , I have to give the nod here to brother William as I got more out of his film than I expected . Hopefully more of them will become available for us to see .
 Having lived in India for several years , this was a fun story but our DVD had several glitches in it which made it harder to watch . The film was well made but the CD was of poor quality and froze up several times during the viewing .
 The movie shows , in a good sense of humor , our reality today . Besides de `` dumb '' thing about `` outsourcing '' our jobs to overseas , the Coporations CEO 's dont see how dangerous are they putting our country in a risk of financially caos ... China is already the owner of our country ... and soon of the whole world ... why ? because of those American corporations ! They can not see that the can have a `` cheaper labor '' and more `` profits '' , but they can not see or feel , yet , the impact of this mistake they are making . They think profits will come without `` QUALITY '' been on Customer Services -LRB- agents with strong accents -RRB- and produts . The have not learned the lesson with the `` Made in China '' products for babies and kids with toxins that killed some of them ? What about thinking that by making american products in China we are `` feeding '' our enemies or their people own enemy by supporting their Communism system and their cuelties with no Human Rights respect . So , we first fight against COmmunism against Cuba , Russia , Venezuela , North Korea , etc. . . and we go to wars to free people from those dictadors and systems , but at the same time we are sending our jobs to China ... . we are helping them to dominate soon , the world ... ! BUILD AMERICA!BUY AMERICA!Ai thinks this should be said to all AMERICAN people . But ony MADE IN USA products , starting from your cars . FORD , CHEVROLET , DODGE are still the best cars in the world and they will soon all been MADE IN USA no more in Mexico or wherever ... If you wan na still making your products our of USA , at least send to our friend countries , that share te same ideals like most countries in Latin and South America!Pass on ... Thank You !
 Ordering was easy , shipment was fast , and the DVD in it 's plastic case with picture arrived in perfect condition ! Well done ! We love this movie , have seen it twice so far , and wanted to own it and see it again with friends ! Thank you .
 I was very pleased with the time of arrival of this movie . The movie was in good shape and service was great . I would recommend this shipper any time .
 Have n't seen the movie yet . I bought this gift for my friend but I heard it 's really funny . No complaints from the seller . The item arrived quick and packaged well .
 `` Outsourced '' is a story of a customer call center manager by the name of Todd Anderson -LRB- Josh Hamilton -RRB- . His department is outsourced to India and he is sent to Mumbai to train his successor -LRB- Asif Basra -RRB- . There are interesting and amusing cultural clashes , but both he and the Mumbai team learn vital lessons on globalization . The characters are well-developed , and although the tale is lighthearted , there are some hard-to-take lessons on business practices and how easily jobs can be moved around .
 Great movie . It was predictable , but still very well done . If you liked this movie , watch Mr. Baseball with Tom Selleck . Same basic story , just takes place in Japan.As an American living overseas I really appreciate the `` fish out of water story . '' Every American should watch a movie like this before they travel to another country . Respect that country and embrace the different customs and you can only grow from the experience .
 Okay , so I admit , I know nothing of real legitimate truth about India or it 's people and this movie did nothing to increase that knowledge . But I do get a laugh-out-loud kick out of Americans who imitate the Indian accent . -LRB- I hope it does n't offend anyone . -RRB- The only real hillarious part of the movie , for me , was when `` Mr Toad '' and Asha switched accents and some mannerisms on the ferry . First time I watched the movie , I laughed out loud during this scene and it scared my dog who was sleeping on my lap at the time . -LRB- Which made me laugh harder -RRB- . I ca n't say I learned much about India nor were there any real eye-opening plot twists or turns.This movie is a good one for a relaxed afternoon when you do n't have anything else to do but chill out on the couch with a dog on your lap .
 I do n't even remember what brought this film to my attention but I 'm glad it did . Some days I 'm up for a cinematic challenge ; other days , I want a good new friend with whom I can relax . You can read the more critical reviews for why `` Outsourced '' is not hard-hitting cinema about India ; then you can rent `` Born Into Brothels '' and have your consciousness mercilessly lifted ; I recommend it highly . But if instead it 's one of those days for a warm , funny , feel-good film , then `` Outsourced '' fills the bill . For that reason , I would say it makes a good `` starter '' film for Americans completely ignorant of India other than being annoyed by call center interactions or riled by the reports of job loss -LRB- which is therefore most of us -RRB- . Want a step closer to Truth , but still enjoyable history and with great song/dance numbers ? Try `` Lagaan '' . We share a British colonial history with the Indian people , with some interesting similarities and differences about domination and racism .
 This movie is such a breath of fresh air . So sincere in its approach . It truly shows how most Americans are ignorant to cultures other than their own and how it can positively influence their lives . The culture differences were just hilarious . And the way the director and writers joking made those differences noticeable was grand . I enjoyed this film way more than i ever expected . After only seeing it once I had to have it in my DVD collection . I highly recommend it to someone who is tired of the average American film . Take a journey to India with this wonderful movie .
 Outsourced is a very entertaining film with comedy , a bit of drama and a healthy side dish of romance that avoids being syrupy sweet . The acting is extremely convincing and the casting was excellent . The cinematography is very good and the choreography shines , too . The musical score enhances the film ; and this film held my full attention every step of the way.When the action starts , we meet Todd Anderson -LRB- Josh Hamilton -RRB- who manages a customer service/order entry call center in Seattle and his boss Dave -LRB- Matt Smith -RRB- . Things start to get complicated real fast when Dave tells Todd that the company is outsourcing all the jobs in their department to a call center in India ; and Dave insists that Todd go there to train his successor who will be making much less money than the company ever paid Todd . Todd initially refuses but when Dave intimidates him , Todd goes to India and the story really gets going.Todd has quite a hard time adjusting to India and its people with their customs ; and of course we see that Indians have difficulty understanding American customs , too . Todd also begins working with his successor Purohit N. Virajnarianan -LRB- Asif Basra -RRB- and he stays at the home of `` Aunti Ji '' -LRB- Sudha Shivpuri -RRB- . Tensions start almost immediately when Aunti Ji questions Todd from the very word go about his love life and how much he makes a year at his job ; these are not typical questions when you meet somebody for the first time if you are used to American social norms and mores.Todd is under quite some pressure to get the call center up and running fast so that he can get back home to Seattle . Todd realizes he has to learn about India in order to get the most out of his employees ; and then he cleverly designs an incentive program to motivate the Indian employees to handle their calls faster . Meanwhile , Todd 's affection is slowly but surely increasing for Asha -LRB- Ayesha Dharker -RRB- ; a beautiful young woman who returns Todd 's affections for her.Look for some excellent scenes throughout this movie that offer us fantastic insights about the Indian way of life and the customs of the Indian people.In addition , the plot can certainly go anywhere from here . What happens when Dave unexpectedly turns up in India to see for himself just how the call center is doing ? Do Todd and Asha enter into a committed relationship ? No spoilers here -- watch and find out!In addition , the DVD comes with some nice bonus features . There is a `` behind-the-scenes '' featurette ; a discussion with cinematographer Teodoro Maniaci and director John Jeffcoat ; another interview with director John Jeffcoat ; a music video and more!Outsourced is a fine motion picture for people who want a view of how people in foreign countries deal with the influx of new jobs that have been outsourced to their country ; and the light comedy and romance spice it up a bit as well . I recommend this for people interested in cultural difference and assimilation ; people who like independent comedies and dramas will also like this film .
 I loved this movie so I bought it for my boyfriend . I thought it was really funny ! He did n't enjoy it as much as I did ...
 It 's extremely rare when I watch a movie then because I enjoyed it so much , I start it over and watch it again . This is what happened the first time I watched this movie . Everything about it is wonderful , the humor , the acting , the story , the music , the scenery . You ca n't ask for much more than what this film delivers . It was recommended to me by a friend from India . Having been to India , I could easily relate to his experiences and I only wish I had seen this film before entering a foreign country as it offers the keys to a happier experience no matter where you go . This is a movie I will watch over and over through the years and enjoy it every time as it 's messages are timeless . Highly recommended ! Enjoy !
 When globalization hits home for Todd , he must go to India to train his replacement . -LRB- His job has been outsourced -RRB- Amidst many funny situations , Todd finds how beautiful delving into a new culture can be and makes a few discoveries of his own ... including how to sort out his priorities in life .
 Todd Anderson -LRB- Josh Hamilton -RRB- is a guy from Seattle who is sent by his company to increase productivity at their call center in India . At first Todd is overwhelmed and a bit put off by Indian culture . But he eventually learns to embrace the differences and , by doing so , increase productivity.This is not a great movie by any means . Cliches abound and certain aspects of the story seem highly unlikely . But it does have it 's charms and I think anyone who has spent time in India will be able to relate to what Todd goes through with `` cultural shock '' . To me the smart and beautiful Asha -LRB- Ayesha Dharker -RRB- was the highlight of the movie . I can definitely see why Todd would fall for her . But what made her risk cultural humiliation for a guy like him I 'm not really sure . Still this film is able to effectively make the point that `` Asha can do anything '' and if this helps to provide confidence and inspiration to women in India and elsewhere then I would say this movie has been a success .
 Could an American guy be so lucky?I love these west meets east styled innocent romance films . When an American guy meets a falls in love with a beautiful Indian girl , I could n't imagine a more beautiful fantasy . If you liked this film , check out Americanizing Shelley , The Other End of the Line , Mississippi Masala , Mistress of Spices , Bend it Like Beckham , Kama Sutra
 I think Outsourced played for a week in New York and then vanished into the DVD black hole . I found a host video review and saw a clip on MovieWithMe , then looked it up to buy on Amazon . The actress is someone I 've seen before in The Terrorist -LRB- also reviewed on MovieWithMe -RRB- . You should check out that one as well . I also know the writer of the movie is working on a series based on the film for NBC . He wrote the Drew Barrymore movie , Fifty First Kisses . With Outsourced you 've got a suburb film that NOBODY knows about . How many more are there in this category ?
 It 's a pleasant movie to watch . It 's very funny , but at the same time it compels you to contemplate on the implications of globalization and interaction between different cultures . It 's cute and romantic , too , so I strongly recommend this movie !
 A movie about an American executive who was working at an a firm that is outsourcing its call center to India . His duty was to go to India and train the Indian staff there and make them understand the American culture to be able to service American customers efficiently . He meets an smart Indian girl there and falls in love with her.The movie was fun and entertaining . I liked it a lot , and I guess one of the reasons why I liked it was that I actually visited Mumbai before and kind of related to the movie . I was watching it on the airplane and had quite good laughs .
 For anyone who 's travelled abroad and experienced other cultures or have worked with Indians , this movie is for you ! This cross-culture comedy is eye-opening and hilarious . Excellent independent film that beats most of the dribble that comes out of Hollywood these days .
 OUTSOURCED -LRB- writ. , prod. , dir . John Jeffcoat , 2007 , screened U.S.A. January , 2008 , 115 minutes , not to be confused with the five other films of the same title -RRB- is a most charming and quite hilarious film that settles into a warm , quasi-mystical human experience . Todd -LRB- Josh Hamilton -RRB- is a quiet and mild-mannered management dude with a crummy novelty gift company . When the work is outsourced to India , losing everybody 's job except Todd 's , he 's sent to a town near Bombay -LRB- Gharapuri -RRB- to train their call center manager.As a review said , this is a film that totally drenches the viewer in the humanity and beauty of the Indian people . While it will naturally not immerse us in some of the ugliest aspects of Indian life , we see the poverty and living conditions in a way I felt could have only been seen if you actually traveled to India to see . That , after all , is a film 's true purpose.Todd naturally falls in love with one of the workers -LRB- the spectacularly beautiful Ayesha Dharker -RRB- while straining to help his replacement , -LRB- the wonderful Asif Basra , a Rowan Atkinson lookalike -RRB- . In his one-on-one culture clashes you will not only recognize yourself - whoever you are - you will recognize India . It 's best seen , thoroughly enjoyed rather than explained in a review.I waited anxiously for years to see this film , because I think it fell between the cracks , flopped , was forgotten and I myself completely forgot I wanted to see it . About 25 % of these films are like that for me ... luckily I get to see them eventually . This film happens to be on one of my cable movie channels at the moment . It seems the subject matter may be one of extreme sensitivity , as anyone can attest who 's been stuck on the phone with a non-American , accent thick as butter.It pins down a vital point
 The three words I just used to title this review are not even adequate to describe how great I think this movie is ! I have watched it too many times to count and never get tired of it . Every time I watch it I pick up on some nuance I missed before , it 's so well written , directed and acted ! There is just too much about this movie I love to write it in a review that people would actually stop and take the time to read . JUST WATCH IT ! You wo n't be sorry you did !
 Outsourced is the story of Todd Anderson -LRB- Josh Hamilton -RRB- , who works for a novelty company based in the U.S. . The head of the company decides to outsource the call-center jobs to India , and tells Todd he has to go help set it up or lose everything he has with the company . Grudgingly , Todd goes , and immediately becomes overwhelmed in a strange land . From a bad choice of food right off the plane to trying to run a business like Americans do in a country halfway around the world , Todd feels lost . However , slowly but surely , he starts to acclimate to the culture and the people all around him , and starts to discover the true beauty that exists in India , but that many never allow themselves to see . As his understanding grows , his employees grow to like and respect him , including Asha -LRB- Ayesha Dharker -RRB- , a strong , independent woman who quickly puts him in his place ... but also wins his heart . Through many twists and turns and less-traveled paths , Todd discovers himself in a place he never thought he would , half a world away from the life he thought he wanted . A very heartwarming , funny , and eye-opening movie that you will enjoy over and over .
 This is not a religious movie , but gives a good perspective on difficult events in life.Romans 8:28 All things work together for good to those who love God.This movie takes a familiar idea and shows it from an interesting and humorous perspective.If you have a lot of stress in your life , this movie just might hit the sweet spot.A romantic comedy .
 This is a wonderful movie and I think it appeals to a wide audience . It is lighthearted but at the same time there is an undercurrent of relevance to our global world . It is also a romantic love story . The acting , particularly Josh Hamilton , is very good and I find myself thinking about these characters and about India often as a result of having seen the movie a couple of times . And reaching a call center in India has become a whole new experience !
 I 'm certainly no movie critic , but I enjoyed this movie a lot . It was decently written and the actors/actresses did a nice job . It 's a lazy evening movie with an easily digested message .
 Great movie everyone should see.highly recomend , everyone who travels should let go and learn about the other culture . . hope you will like it too
 I enjoyed this movie quite a bit . Quite a bit of what the movie shows on India is spot on and very funny -LRB- no disrespect intended -RRB- . Fun movie to watch on a Friday night .
 I enjoyed this movie.it may be more true than one would like to believe.funny , yet insightful.I 'd rent again
 Lots of fun , many good laughs.Not particularly facually accurate but makes good points . We all need to appreciate different cultures and acknowledge that the American way is not the only way to accomplish goals .
 this was a funny movie , had seen it once on cable , but could not find it anywhere in stores or video shops.its good funny comedy for these tough economical times , where alot of american jobs are getting outsourced .
 This was an interesting film and taught me a lot about the Indian people and their culture and had wonderful humour as well .
 This movie was very funny . My husband and I watched it because we love the sitcom . The movie was just like the show . If you get a chance this movie is a must see . It it a little dated because it was done a few years ago .
 This movie was really funny and entertaining . I love watching movies that take place in foreign lands . It 's really eye-opening to see just how different cultures can be . Now , whenever I call customer service and get a person with a foreign accent I think of this movie . I thought the bonus section of the dvd was great . They talked about the challenges of filming in India . The illness that the boss had was n't all acting . He really was sick . Also , if you were wondering what all the people -LRB- taxi drivers , street vendor , etc -RRB- were saying in Hindi/Indian it is all translated for you in the bonus section .
 Funny , sweet and also really cool to see the REAL India on film ... without having to take a 20 hour flight . I 'm giving this movie to friends who travel ; not sure how I missed it in theaters . Would certainly like to see more of the beautiful and talented Ms. Dharker .
 If you like light-hearted romantic comedies , this is one to see . The cross-cultural differences in business , family , social , and romantic relationships provide a number of funny moments and an enjoyable story.Josh Hamilton and Ayesha Dharker find that working together in India to improve productivity in a mediocre call center not only stirs the passions of these 2 stellar producers but also gets the attention of the corporate execs back in the States .4 + stars .
 See India through the eyes of a middle management American fellow who 's job and department has been outsourced to India and travels there to train his replacement . Culture shock is everywhere and his life is forever changed , but not in the ways he expected . A delightful , endearing comedy . I liked it better than Slumdog Millionaire .
 This was recommended to me by several people who typically hate Indie films , all of whom gushed about how well made it is in terms of writing , pacing , comedy , etc. . And I have to agree it 's one of the funniest offbeat films I 've seen in a long time , managing to keep the pace and making sure that all the setups in the beginning result in a payoff at the end.The plot revolves around an American call center supervisor whose team gets fired and he gets sent to India to train a group of cheap replacements . This is essentially a cultural comparison movie that helps the main character discover himself , and it shows a side of Indian life that most of us are probably not aware of . There 's a cute romantic subplot , and a spattering of local color that reminds me of my trip to Thailand , and will make most viewers want to book the next plane to Mumbai.The film does n't dwell on the awkward political issues of outsourcing except to poke fun at everyone involved
 I 'm really glad this finally came out on DVD . No big American stars in it , and none needed . A delightful and gentle comedy playing on the theme of a stranger in a strange land . It 's one of those movies that you do n't want to end . And Ayesha Dharker is ravishing !
 I rented it based on all the reviews here and it was a terrific movie . Definitely like `` Office Space '' but more substantive and timely . Funny , good script , well acted and set in India which creates a setting for the humor and timeliness . Rent it !
 Well written , well acted , just the right balance of understatement and emotion . Different , darker tone as compared to the tv show , positive ending .
 Todd -LRB- Josh Hamilton -RRB- is the `` order fulfillment '' supervisor for a Seattle novelty company but when his department is outsourced to India , he moves there to train a new manager . He faces the inevitable culture shock of adjusting to a shockingly poor and over-crowded country , but gradually finds good friends among his co-workers . The movie may be completely predictable , but it is also entirely enjoyable thanks to an engaging cast and a good script . Hamilton makes a likeable , unassuming fish-out-of-water . Filmed on location in India , one feels Todd 's confusion and frustration with the strangeness of his surroundings , which makes the friendships he makes even sweeter.This low-budget , but well-made movie is a very pleasant comedy with the message that Americans and Indians are not really so different . Recommended .
 This is a romantic comedy that is genuinely romantic.It is a romantic comedy that is genuinely funny.It is a travel movie that is genuinely transporting and informative.And , for a change from many Hollywood movies , Outsourced is a movie with a big heart , a heart that is big enough to embrace both the US and India , men and women , tradition and commerce .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . I loved learning about the different cultures and traditions of another country with added humor and jokes . This movie was well acted out , very believable and quite funny ! There 's a bit of romance to top it off but it is n't your typical love story , it is far from that . I could watch this movie again . It 's a good one .
 Very good movie ; unlike the sitcom which is all comedy , this has quite a bit of drama in it.However , contrary to popular belief the movie is not like the sitcom i.e. this is not the movie version of the sitcom.Anyone who has ever been to India or worked with Indians will thoroughly enjoy the movie .
 It seems it is easy to learn about India 's poverty , or religious violence , or political turmoil . But what about that educated middle class that numbers more than the entire population of the United States?Outsourced is a pleasant film about a man -LRB- Todd Anderson , or `` Mr. Toad '' -RRB- send to India to open a new call center for a company specializing in , in Todd 's words , `` kitsch . '' So he shows up in Mumbai , and begins his orientation to India
 - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - `` Outsourced '' starts a bit slowly , but the setup of the characters and the culture makes for a rewarding , memorable , and slightly sappy second half.Convincing acting and excellent filming . Very enjoyable . Left me with an altered viewpoint of global corporate business and foreign culture.The soundtrack was well done . Really sets the feel of the movie . Some of the instrumental tracks are quite haunting and moving.Two thumbs way up for this movie . - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ - ~ -
 Great job on production . The flow of the film was steady . This film had all the elements you want in a well rounded film . Some arrogance , cultural differences , humor , and romance on the part of the characters . Best of all this film allowed us to explore a different world without constantly including some sterotype . The producers were quite sensitive to this . I found myself liking the three main characters involved . The film is about an American who works for a company which is outsourcing its customer service division to India . So , Todd -LRB- played by Josh Hamilton -RRB- heads out to train the Indian staff how to speak American -LRB- i.e learn not to pronounce every letter in the average word and learn not to speak in whole sentences -RRB- . While there he learns about the culture of the people he wants to train . He gets involved in their local festivals and develops feelings for an empployee named Asha . Asha would inform Todd that he had much to learn about Indian culture.This was a colorful film with some funny scenes . It was cute how Asha tried to understand the slang that westerners use . The character played by Josh wanted to learn about the culture also . He stayed at a home with customs he did n't always understand . There is a funny scene involving food also . At the end , I saw how most of us who complain about outsourcing really dont do much to support local industries . The film ended a postive but surprising note . Josh 's company moves on the next place for their networking needs .
 Outsourced is thoroughly enjoyable . It takes a light hearted look at global economics , and cultural differences without ignoring the real impact on individuals . I have purchased 3 copies so far . One for myself and two for gifts .
 I saw this movie on NetFlix and it was SOOO funny I had to buy it and share it with all my friends from India . They have passed it around and have loved it ! Great cute movie !
 I had not heard of this movie until a friend recommended it to me . Since I was unable to find it in a video store I ordered it from Amazon . It is an excellent movie with a good story line , and very funny . I 've traveled to India so I can attest to the fact that it depicts the country and the people very well.Well worth renting or purchasing .
 Okay , it was bound to happen , right ? After all the gnashing of teeth about the lost of American jobs to other countries , after all the India-China bashing as the symbol of those loses and after all the strident , if fruitless , lambasting of those facts by every yahoo politician and cretin-like labor bureaucrat we were bound to get out of Hollywood -LRB- or Bollywood , for that matter -RRB- a comedic take on this phenomenon . And , given the political ethos of these times , a little ` lesson ' in multi-culturalism to boot.It may be unfair to lay the vagaries of the world labor market and the current phase of capitalist `` globalization '' on a simple film , and I wo n't , at least not much because this was actually an entertaining film on its own terms , but its subtext -LRB- nice weasel word , right ? -RRB- does fit in rather nicely about the state of the still fervent `` outsourcing '' strategy that virtually every large corporation in America -LRB- and elsewhere -RRB- has hit upon in order tot reduce -LRB- and reduce significantly -RRB- their wage bills , particularly administrative costs and the price of unskilled and semi-skilled labor.A quick sketch of the plot is in order . An American telemarketing corporation in order to cut those high administrative costs fires it 's American-centered order-taking staff and out sources to the highly skilled but cheap wage Indian labor market . A middle level executive , the star of the film , Josh Hamilton , is called upon to bring the Indians up to speed and the twists and turns of the plot turn around the struggle to get the Indians to conform to the Taylor productivity speed up system well-known in American business circles . The faults and follies of this transformation drive the , sometimes understated , comedy of the film . Along the way , naturally , said executive gets an up close and personal lesson in multiculturalism from a very fetching Indian love interest.But here is the point for our purposes-in the end , and I am really giving nothing away here , the Indian employees in their turn are fired so that the corporation can set up shop in the even cheaper Chinese labor market . In short , the race to the bottom continues on its merry way unabated . It is that unabated condition that I will finish up with . I 've mentioned those cretin-like labor bureaucrats above who have `` belly-ached '' about the flight of jobs to other countries without lifting finger one to organize labor internationally to drive wages up and make the flight of jobs out much less attractive . Hell , they have n't , at least since the great wave of industrial unionism led by the CIO drives of the 1930 's , done anything to organize labor in the cheap-labor American south or , and here is the real crime , Wal-mart . This is hardly the end of the discussion . Let 's leave it at this for now - organize globally and think locally . Thinking the other way around gets us no place - American , Indian or Chinese .
 This movie was funny , surprising , and really held my interest . A romantic journey with true lessons that love is a global phenomenon . As a person with a future career in HR I learned a lot of interacting with people in the workplace . As a person who has not been to India I saw beautiful sights , and the celebration of holidays that were quite intriguing . After viewing this movie I was compelled to research things that I had learned online to get further insight on outsourcing and the Indian culture . I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a light hearted romantic comedy .
 I love movies that strive for a mixture of cultural diversity , social consciousness , and comedy without being generic . And of course , a little romance does n't hurt ;-RRB- Outsourced was that movie . This should be a first-choice screening option for company diversity training seminars and especially mandatory for those that conduct international business !
 I was pleasantly surprised by the film 's focus on the psychology of inter-cultural communications . Central to the plot is outsourcing and the protagonist 's tryst , but much of the scope is placed on the delicacies of understanding and integrating cultural differences in the workplace.Also , judging from the movie poster and trailer I thought I might be getting myself into a `` chick flick '' but the plot is diverse and should appeal to most .
 The movie Outsourced was an enjoyable movie which presented the realities of outsourcing practices with a twist.It was hilarious yet smart . The characters were engaging and the plot very relevant to current times.For me it was very close to home , considering I 'm a student going into organizational development/HRD field . In addition , the film shed light on the dynamic of working in a foreign country , in particular the natural resistence , anxiety and pressures felt in attempting to retain the new while retaining the old . Highly recommended !!!
 Having been the young man thrown into India , I could relate to nearly all the situations Todd finds himself in when he is thrust into the subcontinent . I wish the many pages that had to be cut from the script had been filmed because I suspect they were scenes like the charming one where Todd is invited to follow a poor fellow to have a meal with his family . To me that exemplifies the kind spirit of Indians toward Americans who stop to learn about them . Anyone planning a first trip to India should watch this fine work -- it will only enrich their experience .
 In a world where jobs in one country are worked by people in another , harsh feelings arise . Many times cultural issues cause rifts between people . Outsourced is one such movie . It begins with the shutting down of a local US office and the transfer of jobs to India . One Manager is sent to oversee the operation.After much frustration in India -LRB- including his girl friend back home dumping him -RRB- , the Manager has an experience that opens his vision to this intriguing nation - paint day . A personal triumph begins to unfold in his life . His creative juices flowing , the Manager finds a way to improve his group 's level of service , make his group enjoy their jobs and to a small degree also encounters a love interest . This movie is a must see . It 's entertaining , informative and romantic . It inspired the creation of the TV show Outsourced which only ran 1 or 2 seasons but was equally funny . Do n't miss out on an unexpected treasure . Get Outsourced ... the movie .
 For anyone who has traveled to an Asian country , you will find this movie reminiscent of some of the interesting cultural differences you experienced on your visit . This is a hilarious yet sweet movie that illustrates the differences and similarities between two cultures ie .
 What a great heartfelt dramatic comedy this is . At first when Todd arrives in India he does not like being there but soon becomes enchanted by the love of India . A thoroughly wellcrafted film with charming characters , cinematography and music score . I 'm sure you will fall in love with this film just as I did .
 Love love love this movie . I work with POC 's and outsourced companies all day long and this movie captures it all and gives a real feeling of what it is and why it happened!It 's a must see for my entire team in IT&S ; !!!
 This is a great movie . I have never been interested in India but this movie introduced me to the cultural and the wonderful people of this country . The story is engaging and once `` Mr. Toad '' -LRB- Todd -RRB- immerses himself into the ways of India does he begin to appreciate and love the people and their goodness . He begins to care about them and they in-turn appreciate him . Of course there is a romantic plot . Sasha works for the company and she is intelligent and very capable but until Todd tells her that she never truly believed that about herself.I wish they would have made an `` Outsourced 2 '' to see if they ever get together -LRB- as Sasha is betrothed to another -RRB- , but I guess they will leave that up to our imaginations .
 The extraordinary film `` Outsourced '' directed by John Jeffcoat is indeed a film to be seen and discussed several times . The film is a must to those who deal with international business , of course , and it is also very useful to grasp challenges of globalisation and to foster an openness to accept other `` ways-of-living '' and `` ways-of-thinking '' around the world . Moreover , the film clearly pictures that everybody faces problems in life , nonetheless of different kind and magnitude , according to the cultural background and local circumstances . Additionally , I think that it is useful for this review to point out that I live in Rio de Janeiro -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , where I am a business consultant at Probatus and I also lecture on `` International Finance '' and `` Strategic Financial Management with Globalisation '' as a part-time Professor at Ibmec-RJ Business School . I had great international exposure during all my life -LRB- I was born in 1963 -RRB- . A final word
 It 's a fish-out-of-water story we 've seen a few times before so we know fairly early on how it is probably going to end . Nevertheless , it is engaging enough that you do n't mind the ride across such familiar territory.The brief amount of behind-the-scenes footage makes it clear that the director/co-writer seems to be a rather engaging person himself , and I would bet this was a very pleasant project to work on.The lead actress in the film is a very cute girl named Ayesha Dharker , and she has a freakishly large and wide smile -LRB- This is not meant to be a criticism . -RRB- Each time she smiled in the movie I thought to myself that she could have given Jack Nicholson and Heath Ledger a run for their `` Joker '' money . -LSB- `` Why so serious ? '' -- `` Wait 'll they get a load of ME ! '' -RSB- But again , she 's darn cute.This story does n't break any new ground , but it treads old and familiar ground very engagingly . It 's one of those movies that you may or may not wish to purchase , but if you happened to stumble across it on TV you 'd probably settle on it and watch the whole thing time after time after time .
 Outsourced is one of those quiet movies that are nevertheless an enjoyable watch . When Josh finds his job outsourced to India , to add insult to injury he is asked to go over there and train his replacement . Initially angry he finds in India both love and appreciation for the good things at home in the USA that he had neglected for years . India is grimy , poor and incredibly lively.Shot on location in India and the USA this is a movie of contrasts from a land where people have so much money that they can spend it on the junk that is sold from the Indian call centre to a country where people are so poor that they quite literally wash and live on the streets . I enjoyed this movie - it does n't try to whitewash the grimy portions of India , but it also shows you the warmth of the people which in my experience rings true . This is not a love-conquers-all movie , but its one which you come away with a good feeling about .
 this is a great comedy . I 'm not going to tell you more , or I would be a spoiler .
 From the first episode my husband and I were hooked . I have to tell you that we are63 years old . We also bought the movie the series was based upon . But love the series dearly . It is a story of what global job interfacing is . All of the characters are spot on for their parts . I do wish that the series had been renewed for the next season . So now we hope that it will be put out on dvd for us to watch over and over.J Ellis
 The movie was good but not as funny as the tv series made from this movie . I still enjoyed it and would recommend it . My disc was damaged and skipped through the entire Holi scene . It was n't scatched or dirty but it did have a circular line like the disc was n't made right . For a 50 % refund it is n't worth it to return . The special features was ok but I do n't think I would spend extra to get it unless you are a movie fanatic and want to know how they made the movie.Outsourced - Deluxe Edition
 Outsourcing joins a cadre of ` crossover ' films , including illustrious productions like Gandhi , Earth -LRB- 1947 Earth -RRB- , Bollywood Calling , The River , The Namesake and Monsoon Wedding ; and also ` unillustrious ' ones like Kama Sutra and Bride and Prejudice.So where does it fall ? Somewhere in the almost tepid middle . Its lighthearted , whimsical , touching and dumbed down . Do n't get me wrong though - the last one may even be a good thing - many people feel alienated by the kinetic swirl of outlandish colors and images that call India home , and this hand held foray into the madness is just gentle enough.So watch it , but try to refrain from drawing on it to define your impressions of my country : -RRB- PROS : + Good soundtrack - yes , you can get a little ` Slumdog Millionaire ' fix here + Adorable -LRB- albeit slightly forgettable -RRB- characters + Happy - resuscitate yourself from that bummed out depression . Its basically the movie version of Paul Evan 's ` Happy Go Lucky Me ' + Gives character and idiosyncrasy to that ` Andrew ' or ` Larry ' you just spoke to from the 800 numberCONS : - Not every Indian is as sweet , or bumpkinny , or traditional as the characters in the movie , so hold on to that pinch of salt - A rather predictable storylineOVERALL
 I was pleasantly suprised and entertained while watching this movie . It provides you with an almost true flavor of what a foreigner may experience when he finds himself exposed to a new culture . The movie has its strength in communicating an important cultural message in a light and entertaining manner . Being born and brought up in India , I can say that the events shown in the movie are a good representation of reality however can not be generalized as depicting India on the whole . Having watched this movie will definitely provide you with certain nuances that may help one smoothen their transistion into India . I would definitely recommend this movie for anyone who is moving to a new culture since it shows you the value of holding onto ones own culture but at the same time opening up to another .
 There are quite a few reviews up on this one . I just want to add weight and say this is a little charmer of a movie that makes you feel good about India and the call centres . I know 2 other families that have seen this DVD who also rated it around where I did .
 This movie is really good and very funny and everyone should rent it and see what I mean .
 `` Outsourced '' is a story of a customer call center manager by the name of Todd Anderson -LRB- Josh Hamilton -RRB- . His department is outsourced to India and he is sent to Mumbai to train his successor -LRB- Asif Basra -RRB- . There are interesting and amusing cultural clashes , but both he and the Mumbai team learn vital lessons on globalization . The characters are well-developed , and although the tale is lighthearted , there are some hard-to-take lessons on business practices and how easily jobs can be moved around .
 Outsourced was an entertaining and very funny film which I rate at four stars along with the majority of Amazon reviewers . The film obviously is about outsourcing and presents this as a source of wealth , but also a potential problem even for India when competing with China in the world market.The story is delightful and paints the working population of India as practical , competitive , polite and hard working . It also pulls no punches about the many problems of India . The opening scenes are charming showing an American businessman traveling through India to his new assignment and his encounters with colorful local people.One scene which typifies the film illustrates his travels on a crowded Indian train where a small boy offers him his seat . Then , as if it were the most natural thing , the boy climbs into his lap and resumes his fidgeting . A little later when the businessman offers another small boy some money as charity the child hugs the man out of gratitude . Then , just as we start to think `` how nice '' , the child lifts his wallet .
 I had the pleasure of watching this movie on one of my flights from California to Bangalore . As an expat who has spent more than a year in India I really enjoyed watching someone else `` suffer '' through India . The film presents the hardships of life for a foreigner in India brilliantly and though it may have left out some of my favorite hardships it still presents many in a fun and humorous way . I highly recommend this to anyone considering a long term stay in India or that has already been through one .
 `` Outsourced , '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- is a brisk 103 minutes , a romantic , feelgood PG-13 , in full color , of course . The script was written by , and directed by the young John Jeffcoat , and is a cross-cultural comedy , clearly made by , for , and about the young . But , for a wonder , this independently-made , tiny budget dramatic comedy is not about young louts , nor a gross-out picture , and , while it 's somewhat sentimental , should offend no one . The picture is set in that youthful West Coast city Seattle , and in an India that 's growing exponentially overnight , as more and more jobs are exported there from the Western world.When his department is sent to India , customer call center manager Todd Anderson -LRB- Josh Hamilton - The Bourne Identity -LRB- Widescreen Extended Edition -RRB- -RRB- must head to Mumbai to train his successor Purohit N. Virajnarianan -LRB- Asif Basra -RRB- . Amusing culture clashes ensue as Anderson tries to explain American business practices to his willing , but befuddled new employees , and they try to explain India to him . The chief explainer-of-India to Anderson proves to be his employee and love interest , Asha , played by the alluring Ayesha Dharker , -LRB- Star Wars - Episode II , Attack of the Clones -LRB- Full Screen Edition -RRB- -RRB- . Mind you , Dharker is not in the same category of sheer knockout beauty as is Freida Pinto -LRB- Slumdog Millionaire -RRB- , but she 's charming , and easy on the eyes . However , these actors are all unknown to me , though the Indians may be known in Bollywood cinema , with which I have no familiarity . Nevertheless they do a nice job.The scenery , filmed in India , is affectionate , spicy , and eye-opening . Anderson 's call center has supposedly been located in Guaripur , a dusty backwater town in the state of Bihar , in the vicinity of the city of Bombay , now Mumbai -- the very small town that '' call me Angie , '' Anjali Bose , the heroine ofMiss New India , the most recent book by American-Indian author Bharati Mukherjee , is so eager to leave . Nevertheless , even Angie does mention that call centers -- and jobs - are finally coming to Guaripur , as the bigger cities on the subcontinent are packed out . And Purohit does mention to Anderson that , as every suitable building , even in Guaripur , is fully occupied , the company has been forced to build a new one . It 's plopped down in the middle of farmland ; it looks like an above-ground bunker , and its address is simply `` Fulfilment Centre . '' Well , OUTSOURCED is not gon na burn down any barns , but it 's worth a look , any time you 've got a dull evening .
 All I can say is WOW ! I stumbled up on this on Netflix , and watched it tonight . Might actually have to buy the DVD now . It makes me look at India very differently , every time I get to speak to someone there when calling for support . I was very impressed with the level of the acting , especially Ayesha Dharker . What beautiful eyes and a terrific smile too ! Shes been in a few other movies , I 'm going to check them out as well . I also liked the interaction between Toad and the little boy , very well written .
 This is an entertaining , light-hearted , and honest look at India from an American perspective.I visited India -LRB- New Delhi -RRB- three times this summer -LRB- and counting . . -RRB- for business projects , and I was able to watch this movie twice during the course of my flights . With each viewing I smiled and laughed at the way the American characters adapted after their first few `` transition '' days in India , and how the Indian characters earnestly tried to make them feel welcome.As a previous reviewer mentioned , the movie does n't mention the grittier side of India , such as the huge slum bordering the Mumbai -LRB- Bombay -RRB- airport , or the muddy , pot-holed , trash-filled streets and sidewalks of every town . However , it does shows the predominantly sweet nature of the Indian people which IMO is one of an India traveler 's best rewards.Aside , if you are planning to travel to India for the first time , take anti-malaria pills with you , a couple rolls of your favorite toilet paper , a phone that works in the 091 country code , and an openness of different cultures . Also , sit in the back seat of your hired car , because the view out the front will be like a widescreen viewing of the craziest `` close-but-no-contact demolition derby '' you 've ever seen . Most , but not all , of these points are implied in the movie.I recommend watching this movie after your trip , you will probably appreciate the movie more than if you watch it before . If you watch it before your trip , make sure you watch it again when you get back !
 This film is not your typical Bollywood although it is set in India . A sweet and insightful film , it looks at the impact of outsourcing , not just on Americans but others also as we continue our `` race to the bottom '' economically speaking . In addition the ethnic differences are dealt with humorously but make a point about how much we in the U.S. do n't understand other cultures and how enriching it can be to open ourselves up . Throw in a love story -LRB- not a chick flick , though -RRB- , a `` hero '' that is just an ordinary guy , along with the great location - both beautiful and painful to see at times -LRB- the conditions of the `` lower '' castes -RRB- - and the movie is very compelling . I just loved it . Not a `` great '' as in a `` big '' movie , but great in the way that a small , quiet yet powerful film is .
 What a great find ! This is a charming comedy that mixes cross-cultural faux pas with romance . India offers a rich canvas for this original plot . Some scenes were so funny and memorable that we replayed them after watching the film . They were still funny the second time around . I highly recommend this film that will please both men and women .
 This movie was the inspiration for the 2010 sitcom on NBC . If you watched the series , you will realize that many episodes are expanded versions of incidents in this movie . None of the actors in this film were used in the series , but that is not to imply they are better or worse than those chosen by the network . The story is simple
 awesome movie . funny , cleaver , romantic , endearing , wonderful experience . Could watch it 10 more times . It is wonderful to see how the two worlds of America and Inda colllide and to watch the wonders of India 's influencebring forth all the love that their culture has to offer the American mindset . We can learn alot from them .
 This 2006 lightweight romantic comedy is about a Seattle-based novelty company being outsourced to India and the manager , played by Josh Hamilton , who is charged with the job of training the Indian crew in American ways and in bringing the time of each call down from 12 minutes to 6 minutes . Along the way , he falls in love with the lovely Asif Basra , one of the call center employees . Everything about this film is predictable but I did laugh out loud at one of the training sessions for the employees when the manager was trying to teach the Indian employees how to sound more American.I 'm not really into romantic comedies . The plotline is always predictable . But sometimes I just do n't want to think too much , just relax and let a humorous little story unfold in front of me . The acting was good in this film but the story just a bit too lightweight for me . However , I must say that I really loved the setting . Filmed in India , all its color and idiosyncratic ways just came alive . It put me right there in the middle of the culture in ways that no book I have ever read put me there . For that I am grateful because I 'm an armchair traveler at heart .
 I have just returned from India on a business trip . My company has recently opened an engineering department in India and I am on a project using 1/2 American and 1/2 Indian engineers.I saw the movie on a Luthansa flight on the way home.This was a wonderful presentation on what it means to do business in India ! It 's intelligent , well written and entertaining . And , true!I heard and saw so much in the movie that was part of my own experience . The incomplete buildings , the ramshackle wiring , the cultural divice between east and west.And , let me not forget to mention , the wonderful people of India ! Charming , intelligent , hard working and polite.See it before you travel!My only criticism , and not a sharp one , is that no comments were made on the litter and trash on every street or on the thickly polluted air in the big cities .
 This is not our parents ' Ugly American . A fish out of water story , yes , but this fish learns to swim , and this really looks and sounds and feels like India . I love the little kid who keeps stealing his cell phone , I love the meal on the street as his new friends share what they have with him , I love the way the dishes get washed , I love the holy day -- `` Mr. Todd , do not go out today ! '' What a little gem .
 It 's rare to find a film that feels as real as this one . The story is as predictable as life is . Cliches , by definition , lack imagination and heart , and this film has both in spades . Excellent film for discussions of multiculturalism , globalism , and what it means to be human these days .
 A few others have said that this is a charming and/or delightful film , and I really do n't want to use the same words , but being a bit short on a theasarus at the moment -LRB- yeah , yeah , I could fire up the word processor , use the theasarus function there , etc. , but why do that when I 'd rather have a nice Hindi word to use instead ? ;--RRB- -RRB- I think I 'll stick with those words.This is a funny film while also being sweet and charming , but not overly so . It 's a typical fish out of water tale , but with a nice modern twist . Take a customer service manager that is comfortable with his existence in a call center in the United States and force him to go run the companies new call center that has been Outsourced to India . Seems simple enough , take a few days , go check out the center and make the required improvements and then climb on the plane and go back home . If only it was that simple.U.S . citizens tend to think of the world revolving around them and the United States , but that is far from the truth . If you 've seen any episodes of the reality TV series Amazing Race you may have learned a bit about the rest of the world and also may have learned about how bad U.S. citizens can behave while visiting the rest of the world . Many times we -LRB- U.S. citizens -RRB- assume that the rest of the world should automatically understand and speak U.S. English . We also assume that the U.S. dollar should be good everywhere , and that we can find our choices of food items everywhere we go . Such is really not the case , as is evidenced by the realism that shines through this film with comedic flare.This is a great film to watch whether or not you ever had the priviledge of traveling outside the U.S. or not . If you are lucky , you might have friends and co-workers that are immigrants . I have had just that experience , with a former co-worker that is from India . Having seen this film streamed from the by-mail/internet disc rental company on my gaming console with the green X on the controller , I was very happy to be able to show them that co-worker and her family the movie while visiting one afternoon . She and her husband -LRB- also from India -RRB- both thoroughly enjoyed telling myself and my family about how realistic things were in the film.I would dearly love to have this film on Blu-ray or the now defunct HD DVD format . It 's a very good film , and for some it might even hit the status of great . It is certainly well worth viewing , and would be a definite buy on Blu-ray -LRB- if it was available -RRB- if that was possible . On DVD , well , I 'm holding out for now in the hopes it eventually comes out on Blu-ray , but at the right price it would be a nice addition to anyone 's collection .
 Sun Dogs is the heartwarming tale of the first ever Jamaican dogsled team . Yes , dogsled not bobsled . The film documents the rescue of 12 stray dogs from Jamaica and their formation into a dogsled team . It 's a film about second chances , not only for the dogs but for the mushers as well . The mushers are offered the chance of a lifetime as they cultivate their love for animals while receiving an education and traveling the world . It 's a great film for the whole family to watch . You get attached to each of the dogs like they 're your own . Jimmy Buffet even sponsored the team , so how can you get any better ? The film puts me in a good mood every time I watch . I highly suggest you bark at this documentary .
 `` Sun Dogs
 This DVD is well worth the money . He had me in stitches ... laughing so hard , I was crying .
 Once again , Sinbad had me laughing until the tears came . This is even funnier than his earlier material . And you ca n't beat the price !!
 This is the real deal Where U Been . Sinbad is an awesome clean cut comedian . I can sit down with my grandson and watch this video who is a little comedian himself .
 Yet another great performance by Sinbad . This was hilarious - non stop laughter and very clean . I have recommended it to everyone I know .
 I love Sinbad . And yes like most of his fans I too wondered `` Where U Been ? '' . I have watched this DVD @ least 6 times . I hope it does n't take him this long to do another stand up .
 This DVD was excellent . It was clean and pure funny comedy . I enjoyed it thoroughly . I am particularly impressed with AMAZOn 's fast , accurate and reliable products . I have been a customer for a number of years ... You are to be commended for your quality of service .
 Sinbad is from my generation -LRB- I am in my 50s -RRB- He knows how to reach men and women , all races with a way to laugh at your relationships , yourself and I just love to see him smile . I have always loved Sinbad and he is n't a swearing , sleezy comedian like a lot of them think they have to be to appeal to their audience .
 Sinbad is a seriously funny guy ! He has the ability to make a joke out of anything , there is no profanity and no lewd jestures , just good clean humor !! The whole family is able to watch and enjoy .
 As always Sinbad delivers and this one is hilarious . We laughed until my sides hurt . It 's great .
 sinbad is hilarious a non stop laugh riot.between love and stupid people , he covers a lot of difrent topics.best $ I ever spent .
 Very hesitant to watch comedy DVDs because most comedians are vulgar and use a lot of profanity . But Sinbad - Where U Been had me laughing so hard , I almost wet my dress . He is a TRUE comedian , because he proves that you do n't have to be profane to be funny ! I took the DVD to a Senior 's Nursing Home and I thought their teeth was going to fall out of their mouths . Even the staff came in the room to watch it . Everyone needs to laugh these days . GREAT SHOW and highly recommend !!
 I absolutely enjoy this video ! It came in excellent time . The packaing was in great condition and not hard to open . Sinbad really needs no introduction or recommendation . He 's off-the-charts funny and his humor is one everybody can enjoy . My daughter is 19 and laughs just as hard at his jokes as I do in my 40 's . I recommend this to any family who hates vulgarity but enjoys laughter . Go Sinbad ! You did it again !
 Very funny . Clean . Hilarious . My husband saw it first and told me about it , he knows it takes a lot to make me laugh when it comes to comedians . I ordered it on Amazon and I am glad I did . I really enjoyed it .
 We watched this when it originally aired and were in stitches . Had to have a copy to enjoy over & over again . I love Sinbad because he is REAL , the humor is wonderfully funny and CLEAN . . I highly recommend it !
 This is one of my husbands all time favorite DVD 's , so we got this for his birthday gift with a bunch of others . He loved it ! Movie night has a lot more variety now ... it arrived on time , in perfect condition and as described ... thanks !
 Life has its ups and downs . And , it 's obvious on this DVD that he shares his downs with his audience
 This standup had me laughing my ass off ! The humor was tasteful but hilarious ! You can watch this with family members and not be embarrased1 As usual Sinbad combines comedy with class !
 Sinbad is a very creative , talented , and extremely entertaining . Nothing offensive about anything or anyone . No vulgar language , just laughter and gut-wrenching comedy . Brings about his childhood and explanation of understanding why men act the way they do . Uses his ailments to illustrate humor with age . You will watch this CD over and over and laugh at every issue brought to life . I would rate this 12 out of 10 Stars . Get it and find our for yourself ! : -RRB-
 I came across this comedy and laughed the whole time . I bought the dvd to show to my family and friends . As other reviewers said it is refreshing to watch a comedy without a bunch of profanity and unacceptable topics . This is a must have for anyone 's collection
 Sinbad , in my opinion is the funniest comic ever without the use of profanity . How many comedians are safe for children ? None ! That 's right !
 I have been watching the comedian Sinbad for years . From winning `` Star Search '' back in 1985 and seeing him on television from `` A Different World '' , `` The Sinbad Show '' and the host of `` Vibe '' . But for a comedian who has been on television for nearly two decades , when you have n't been seen for several years , people start to question if you 're dead and in the case of the comedian , rumors filled the social media realm and Wikipedia that the comedian has died . That was until Dec. 2009 when the comedian was featured in the media for his tax problems.Fortunately , the comedian has n't shown any signs of slowing down . In fact , Sinbad 's latest Comedy Central DVD `` Where U Been ? '' is a sign that there are comedians that still can entertain and get the audience going crazy after a performance.As his Comedy Central performance will be airing on television , the DVD features 45 minutes of material not shown on television . This latest performance is actually one of the best performances I have seen from Sinbad and that is watching him perform his comedy routines for years.Sinbad goes into his routine about where he has been all these years , to his financial problems but easily transitions to that he 's no different from millions Americans who are facing hard times during the country 's economic slump . From topics of President Obama , to relationships , taking questions from the audience especially from the ladies of what problems they have with their men and so much covered on this DVD.The comedy chapters for this DVD are :1 . Intro2 . Things U Do n't Know About Me/We Have a Black President3 . My People Coming in Late/Revealing Truth -LRB- High Yellow -RRB- 4 . Keepin ' It Real/Times are Tight5 . Men Quit Going to Strip Clubs/Why Women Hate Us6 . Marriage is Work/Old Men Dating Young Girls7 . Growing Old Together/I Ca n't See8 . Audience Questions About Men and Women9 . Men Training to be Husbands/My Mom Worked My Dad10 . Ladies What Are U Mad About ? 11 . Men are Simple/Men Snoring12 . Men Share Menopause/Men are Messy13 . Sex Changes After Marriage14 . Grown Kids At the House/Kids Change Everything15 . We Ca n't Wait ` Til You Have Kids/My Father Cured My A.D.D. 16 . I Hate Taking Kids to Sports Practice/Quit Trying to Look Young17 . I Am Falling Apart/Medical Marijuana18 . Christian the Lion/Living with Nature19 . Little Pocket Dogs/Immigration20 . How to Get a Job/My Young People21 . At 53 Years Old U Do n't Care/At 17 Years Old U Are Not Ready22 . The Customer Is Not Always Right23 . I Am Not a Thrill Seeker24 . Bringing the Band Out25 . Let 's Get It On26 . Ol' school27 . Hollywood Swinging28 . Word UpVIDEO & AUDIO : `` Sinbad - Where U Been ? '' is featured in widescreen . Various camera angles featuring closeups of Sinbad , behind the stage , side of the venues , close up of the audience , just capturing the energy and mood of that evening . Editing is well done , no dizzying several second cuts , you get various camera angles but giving your eyes enough time to enjoy the performance.The camera angles on the audience shows people who are just laughing hysterically and getting into the performance . This is what I love seeing , where the audience is just digging the comedy , some looking like their guts are going to bust and even some with tears coming down their eyes because they are laughing so much . This is rare to see on a Comedy Central comedy DVD and definitely a major positive for this DVD release!Audio is in Dolby Digital stereo . The performance is front channel driven but for those with modern home theater receivers can easily set the audio for stereo on all channels for a more immersive soundtrack . Sinbad 's vocals come out crystal clear , the audience laughing can be heard very well and of course , the ending music performance sounds magnificent.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Sinbad - Where U Been ? '' comes with the following special feature : * Behind the Scenes with Sinbad - -LRB- 17:54 -RRB- Sinbad talking about how people have asked him where he has been despite performing at a different city every weekend . Also , performing with various musicians and preparing for the music segment of the DVD.JUDGMENT CALL : After watching `` Where U Been '' , you literally come to realize why Sinbad is a legend . And before anyone starts thinking , old school comedian that you watched in the '80s and '90s , do n't even think that because Sinbad may be on top of his game then but the man is still on top of his game now . You can feel that energy with the crowd that night . There are many Comedy Central DVD 's that I 've reviewed and not many can keep that energy between the comedian and its audience for 90 minutes . The audience was literally on their feet and just into the performance.The comedian does n't have to launch into any shock value jokes , he knows his demographic and knows that there are young and old in the crowd and he keeps it real , keeps it fun and makes sure that people are being entertained.To end the performance , Sinbad and big name musicians take to the stage to play some music and even get the crowd going with their rendition of Cameo 's 1986 hit `` Word Up ! '' . Big surprises with `` Another World '' actress Dawnn Lewis showing up , talented keyboardist Greg Phillinganes along with many other talented musicians and also Michael Jackson `` THIS IS IT '' background singers Darryl Phinnessee , Judith Hill and Lamont Van Hook singing on backup for this special as well.Just a lively , energetic performance by Sinbad . Hilarious and fun and definitely a magnificent performance worth watching . As mentioned , I have seen Sinbad 's performances but this is one of the best comedic performance from him that I have seen . Especially to see the crowd so into the performance and as mentioned , tears running down the eyes of the audience because they are laughing uncontrollably . It 's one of those comedy performance nights that you just wish is captured on camera and in this case , that magic that night was . Just awesome ! `` Sinbad - Where U Been ? '' is Sinbad at his best , showing that over two decades later , he still has it and definitely a highly recommended Comedy Central DVD !
 My husband and I came across this on Comedy Central and laughed harder than we have in a long time . It was funny and most important free of the many Bleep - bleep - bleeps that you find in most stand up acts these days . He was truly funny without bieng profane which is why I will buy the dvd -LRB- I hope the extra footage is equally as clean -RRB- Whats funny is I have to buy the DVD in order to le t my friends or teenager watch it because the commercials on Comedy Central are so bad ... EVERY commercial break featured `` Girls Gone Wild '' -LRB- Naked women jumping around with litte censoring -RRB- and live girl party chat lines ... so I will not suggest anyone watch it on Comedy Central ... but I gave the actual video Six BIG stars . -LRB- Comedy Central gets a half a star -RRB-
 This has to be the funniest stand up Sinbad has done yet !!!!!! I watched it the other night and about died laughing !!!!!! It 's a must to see !!!!!
 Everyone in my entire family , from my 78 year old mother to my 27 year old daughter -LRB- and her 20 something friends -RRB- laughed until we were all ROTF , holding our stomachs , tears streaming down our faces , could n't catch our breaths ! Sinbad is that funny on this DVD ! The entire 90 minutes plus is filled with material that EVERYONE , all ethnicities , cultures , backgrounds and economic status in life can relate to . Sinbad 's real genius is his inate ability to respond , impromptu , to audience member 's responses to his questions , especially about relationships . And , as everyone else has stated , he does n't use profanity ... he shows to be funny , you do n't have to . This is his best performance yet ... and I did n't think he could get any better than he already was . Sinbad ... whereever you been ... make sure you do n't go away again !! We need some comic relief during these times ! Ca n't wait to see you on The Celebrity Apprentice !!!
 Where U Been is hilarious . You will laugh out loud . Good antidote to The World .
 No , he ai n't dead and he is funnier than ever . Sinbad is one of the greatest comedians of our generation and this is one his best .
 Sinbad is simply a classic and this routine is funny . I would have paid more for the DVD .
 This DVD arrived in a very short time and was in excellent condition . We have watched it several times already and it is hilarious . Sinbad is one of my favorite comedians and he did not disappoint me this time either . I highly recommend buying it . It 's something the whole family can watch .
 I 've always had a high opinion of Sinbad , but this was off the hook.We have n't laughed this hard at a comedy DVD , ever . And our teenage kids where amazed at his range of topics as well.A truly great DVD . We sent copies to both sets of parents in their 70 's and 80 's . Buy it . Watch it . Watch it again .
 Sinbad is back and funnier than ever ! He does n't use bad language in the video ; he does n't need it . This video is `` real to life '' and hilarious ! Check it out ! Oh , the end of the video will have you out of your seat having fun !
 My husband and I just happened to catch this on comedy central one night and we were ROTFL so hard . Sinbad is so hilarious ! I did n't realize how funny he truly is . We caught this from beginning to end and I can say we laughed all the way through it . It is definitely a must see for everyone ! I do n't think I laughed so hard in a while . Believe me , if you need a good laugh , you will definitely enjoy this .
 This is the one currently playing on Comedy Central . Very funny . Footage that was not on TV . I am going back to buy Son of a Preacher Man . Nothin ' But the Funk is not worth the money -LRB- although I love him -RRB- . Afros and Bellbottoms also very good .
 I saw this on comedy central , and am buying the DVD . Sinbad has not lost his touch . He is orders of magnitude above the vulgar & crass comedians such as Eddie Murphy.What was a pleasant surprise was the band performance at the end . That 's one of the reasons I 'm getting the DVD.Now I just need to find his show from way back when he commented on men 's inability to dress well after getting married ??? If anyone know what this show was , please comment here with the name .
 Sinbad is refreshing and funny . His comedy about becoming old and how things change really hit home with me and my husband.Sinbad is an exceptional example that comedians do n't have to be dirty and use curse words to be funny .
 The first DVD was defective but Amazon sent me a brand new one . The DVD was hilarious . Love Sinbad 's comedy routines . Would recommend to anyone .
 This was sent out immediately and I am VERY satisfied in my review ! Thank you !
 I have always enjoyed Sinbad as he is the kind of comedian who delivers good clean humor but can keep you laughing . Having not heard about him for years I was very happy to purchase this DVD . He had my boyfriend and I in stitches as we are both of that age -LRB- over 50 -RRB- and clearly understood the type of humor that comes with long-term relationships in that age category . .
 Laugh until you stroke ... -LRB- just have your wife handy to stuff pills in your mouth -RRB- . This is Sinbad 's funniest stand-up video yet . It is said that the truth hurts ! In Sinbad 's case the truth hurts so funny that the only pain you 'll feel is from laughing long and hard .
 This video is great . A wonderfully funny CLEAN routine and improv !! We laughed until we could n't breathe . Perfect for the 45 + crowd . WE WANT MORE !!!
 Coming from me ... a very hard critic ... this was simply perfect and if you liked the OLD Sinbad ... then get ready ... aint nothing changed !!!
 I read a few of the 3-star and below reviews , and I hope that the negative reviews do n't prevent anyone from buying this . I am a Libertarian -- he 's not offensive to anyone political beliefs . Unless of course Stupidity is a political belief . I appreciate humor without profanity -LRB- though I enjoy some of the more profane comics out there -RRB- and I find myself shaking my head at the reviews claiming he is inappropriate . He talks about sex between married people . Wow . That 's so wrong . Yeah , if you think that 's wrong , then maybe you should n't buy this DVD . On the other hand , if you are a normal person who appreciates when a comedian makes you laugh at situations in a new way , you will love this . There are no lulls . You will find yourself asking , `` How can he keep this up ? '' and checking the time left on the DVD and wondering how he can fill another 45 minutes . But then the end will sneak up on you and you will be shocked that he had you laughing for that long of a time.I only found out about this special because I had DVR ` ed something else on Comedy Central and the very beginning of the Sinbad special was on the end of my recording . I checked my DirecTV and saw no more showings . I checked Amazon and saw I had to buy the digital copy for $ 10 instead of a rental . And I thought , `` Eh , I do n't want to spend $ 10 . '' Then I looked at the number of 4 and 5 star reviews . And I realized $ 10 is nothing if it is really that good . And it was . I would spend $ 30 for it knowing what I know now . How often do normal adults get a comedy routine that they can laugh at and relate to the entire set ? Most of the time the standup routines are about dating or self-deprecating humor . Funny for a little yes , but Sinbad manages to find humor in married life , being a grandparent , and having kids that I felt was fresh . I 'm married and in my 30 's with no kids ... and I laughed the entire time . I had tears in my eyes for a lot of it . He could take his routine and turn it into a book and call it , `` This is life . Stop complaining and do something ! '' I bet Oprah would even interview him about it .
 I never watch the comedians on Comedy Central , but accidentally flipped to this performance one day , and was very surprised . Did not know Sinbad could be sooo funny . Had to order a copy to send to my son on the west coast . He hits the nail on the head regarding family life and marital relationships . I have to order another copy for myself .
 I wondered where he was too ! And , he 's as funny as ever . I loved this and laughed until it hurt . One of my favorite all-time comedians . An intelligent and very funny man ! Keep it coming , Sinbad !
 Genuinely , laugh-out-loud hilarious without vulgarity and bigotry !! To me , Sinbad is a true king of comedy and this performance is stellar !!
 Im 34 and have always loved Sinbad . I caught this on Comedy Central and I was disappointed that there was n't more promotion behind this . I saw DVR 'd his performance and watched it so many times in that ONE night I bought it THAT NIGHT !! I missed the first part of the show I went on Netflix while I was waiting for my DVD to come from Amazon . This DVD was SOOO FUNNY I have NOW BOUGHT TWO along with his entire collection !!! I am taking it over to my parents house for Christmas and going to enjoy this with my teenage kids . I LOVE IT . FINALLY COMEDY IS BACK !!! BRING IT ALL THE WAY BACK SINBAD !!!!!!!! WE LOVE YOU !!!!
 What else can I say , except that Sinbad is the man ! I love all of his videos . How refreshing to be able to sit back and listen to wonderful humor without the foul language added to it . That to me is true comedy .
 I enjoyed this DVD , and was pleased to see Sinbad make a comeback . Very funny and enjoyable if you are a Sinbad fan . Clean comedy .
 I purchased this item and played in on a bus trip . My people enjoyed it very much . It is very , very funny , also it is great to listen to a comedian that does n't curse during his performance.Everyone is asking where can they get this DVD . GREAT
 Watched this when it was aired as a special . If I find myself laughing so hard that I miss jokes , I know to purchase the DVD . So glad I did ! They always edit shows and you miss some good material . It 's hard to find clean , funny comedy these days . This is a great DVD that I love watching again and again . Just simple , funny , down home , topical humor . Bill Cosby with an edge . Love the way he works with the audience ! I 've been talking with him to try to get him to Wisconsin . He says he 's really trying . Looking forward to seeing him live . In the meantime , buy this DVD and have a good laugh!Two thumbs up !!
 Sinbad still have a natural appeal ! He 's simply funny ! I enjoyed this DVD . Would highly recommend this DVD ; little to no profanity .
 I always like Sinbad and he did n't dissapoint . I highly recommend this video to any sinbad fan . His insights to aging and parenting are hilarious .
 It 's literally impossible . I 've never seen this man 's standup before , but I sure am glad to have spotted this beauty on YouTube . I did n't think I 'd find it on DVD , but lo and behold , here it was . Excellent comedian who never once resorts to foul language or raunchy subject matter . This man knows how to keep it real and he 's a joy to watch .
 If you want comedy without profanity , then , this is an excellent buy ! I have enjoyed it so much . Love it !!
 I viewed this DVD with a group of my friends and we were all more than pleased . Sinbad is a side-splitting comic ; and the best thing about it , good clean humor for our age group . Who says you have to have potty mouth to be funny ???
 I have always loved Sinbad . This was one of the funnier dvds he 's done . There is no swearing , no innuendo , nothing vulgar . My husband and I laughed ALOT watching and listening to him . Even though i think everyone would find him funny , i am guessing if you are in your 20 's , you may not get alot of his references on this one . He is old school and discusses alot of issues that occur after you turn 40 . If you are in that genre or older , you will laugh over and over . Hilarious !
 Sinbad is one of the best . He tells it like it is and makes you laugh in the process . As he gets older , he gets better .
 After all these years , Sinbad still can reduce me to a puddle of tear-filled laughter . The best thing is that he mixes common sense wisdom and makes you laugh at yourself . If you want to experience good clean joy and laugh til your cheeks hurt ... this is the video to buy
 This is a must for anyone married , divorced , old school or confused . The first time I saw it I laughed out loud -LRB- something I rarely do -RRB- , so I purchased it for several birthday and anniversary gifts and have been told it is the best gift ever . If I think about the money I 've spent on spa gift certificates , high end bottles of wine , etc. , I could cringe . If you like to laugh , this is the dvd for you . Word Up ...
 This dvd is absolutely hilarious . I like it because there is not the normal swearing and nastiness of a lot of other comedians . My whole family watched this and loved it .
 I laughed so hard my stomach was hurting . I had to stop the DVD just to give my stomach a break . I read the lower scores and do n't understand how you could not give this man ay least a four star . He comes up with real life situations which r hilarious and he does not curse . He is by far one of the greatest comics . I love , love , love this man .
 Was everything it was described it to be.Excellent condition , fast shipping , and customer service.Horseshoe Bay , TX
 This is one funny DVD ... I originally saw this on Comedy Central . After viewing this DVD , there 's an additional 20 minutes of various footage that was edited out for CC . I liked it so much , I purchased two copies !!! If you like to laugh , this is a must-have !!!
 As always Sinbad delivered a great show . The man has skills and is able to maintain the funny without a lot of foul language . He is a just a great comedian . I liked 95 % of the show ... And for those of you who are not an Obama fan he only spoke about him for 5-10 minutes max and I have to admit what he said was funny !!!!!! I 've watched this video at least 4-5 times already . The only part I did not like was the musical part in the end ... I just did n't think it was something for a mixed crowd such as he had ... and I am not into that kind of music , which is why I gave the show a 4 star and not a 5 star . It is great for young , in between and just the young at heart :--RRB- !!!!
 I purchased 2 copies of this video , after having seen it on TV . I purchased one for myself and one for my former husband who is going through some health challenges . -LRB- we 're still great friends -RRB- I thought , he needed a good laugh , you know laughter is the best medicine . He viewed the video and was quite impressed with the quality of the material and thought it extremely funny as well as informative , for young people . He also , expressed how much he enjoyed the music.As regards to my feeling about the video , I found it extremely funny as well . Sinbad is one of the few comedians left , that can express his comedic talent , without using foul language . Therefore , I recommend this video for all ages over twelve ; because those younger probably could n't relate to the material contained therein . This video also , informs young people that there are still people who can really sing and play instruments ; -LRB- LIVE -RRB- without being distorted with some type of technical instrument ! I 'm a jazz and smooth jazz listner . I 've attend many live performances , as a result , I really enjoyed the music on this video.Claudette K.
 I have always LOVED Sinbad :-RRB- I was watching Comic View one night and saw this . I was in tears . It is so funny ! It brought back memories . I would recommend this to everyone !
 If you are a fan of any of Sinbad 's previous specials , you will more than likely love this . It has a few topics that are slightly inappropriate for small children , but otherwise it is as clean as always . He still maintains his charismatic energy and presence . I recommend this to anyone who lives loud character driven stand-up .
 This show was worth buying while I am diown range this was definitely a uplifter . Laughter is good for the soul and this helps to endure this trying time !
 After all these years , sinbad is still funny . I lincredibly funny . I like the fact that I can watch this without worrying about vulgarities and obscenities . Good job , man !
 As always Sinbad is HILARIOUS . Expect major stomach cramps from laughing . If you had seen the rarely played special on Comedy Central there are jokes in this one that did not air.My only problem with this DVD is that if you are a fan of his who always appreciated the fact that he was a `` clean '' comic there will be parts where he gets into the topic of sex , which could be VERY uncomfortable . Especially if like me you went `` Mom ! Dad ! The Sinbad DVD just came you HAVE to see this !!! `` Other then that glitch it was AWESOME !!!!!!
 Well worth ordering instead of catching on the Comedy Channel and having to watch the trashy commercials . My husband and I saw this first on Comedy Central -- I ordered it so I could see it again . Funnier the second time . Love Sinbad because he 's hilarious and clean . Do n't have to worry about my daughter coming into the room and hearing dirty jokes or bad language . So glad he 's back ! Waiting on his next one .
 This DVD is classic old school Sinbad . My teenage son would not really relate to this DVD but me and my husband watch it over and over . Slap yo grand ma funny !
 I purchased Sinbads ' latest stand-up because I caught the tail end of it on Cable . Not disappointed at all . He is back and better than ever .
 I loved this new dvd from Sinbad , he is like an old school cut - up who kept me laughing in school ! Get IT ! have a party and invite your ol' school friends ! I am a FAN !
 It had been a while since hearing Sinbad in the stand-up format . It was hilarious and great to see him back . I was surprised some of the subject matter , but it was still very funny . A great look at growing older and dealing with marriage and family issues .
 Sinbad brings humor to some real life issues such as marriage , relationships and getting older . He interacts with the audience by answering a few questions about the differences between males/females . Pretty clean and those in their 40 's and 50 's will especially enjoy this one .
 First of all , I did not know that Sinbad played the drums , and does it well.This is a very funny DVD . I enjoyed it from the start .
 If he came to D.C. to do this or film another stand-up I would die of happiness lol . From beginning to end this was SO FREAKIN ' deep from the gut funny . Sure yeah the women what annoys you about men is played out BUT that was funny as a motha shut your mouth too . This was just a great special , ca n't say much else .
 Excellent Standup Comedy . Sinbad does not use profanity to get his point across . It is entertainment at it 's best . You will definately laugh at this video . Good job Sinbad !
 Sinbad brings down the house . He has definitely made a comeback . This stand-up routine is top notch . This video is a must have .
 I 've seen many stand-ups in my life , this would be ranked up there in the top 5 . Was greatly surprised at how crazy hilarious it was ! Hope he has another one out soon !
 I was in the audience at the Nokia Theatre . I missed the Comedy Central viewing ... I 'm buying it so I can watch it again and again .
 I do n't know where Sinbad has been but he came back with a bang ! He is f-u-n-n-y !
 Thanks goodness Sinbad finally made a new DVD , he is older now , and this one is hilarious . A pleasure to see a comidian that doesnot curse on every other word , and does not continue to blastwhite people . He is an equal opportunity laugh riot .
 This video is great . It 's really funny for both older and younger people . Sinbad relates a lot of his comedy to getting older , but I still think it is great , even though I 'm only 22 . My mother , who I bought this for , is 54 and I have never heard her laugh as hard as she did when she watched this . Sinbad is definitely a family comedian . He does n't swear or use offensive language , which is n't really important to me , but it is nice to see a comedian who does n't resort to that approach . Overall , I highly recommend it . You 'd be hard pressed to find someone who could n't relate to something he jokes about in this video .
 Sinbad 's new stand-up routine , `` Where You Been ? '' is FUNNY !! My boyfriend and I just happened across it on Comedy Central and we laughed until our sides hurt . We recorded it that night and played it back for our friends during a party at our house and it was a huge hit . It was SO funny , everyone laughed 'til they cried ! And the best part is that Sindab keeps you laughing without all the offensive profanity . Everyone that saw it at my house that night wanted a copy to own , and everyone said they were going to Amazon to order it . I actually ordered two copies because my Dad said he absolutely had to have a copy to own . I 'm glad to see Sinbad is back !!
 As a long time fan of Sinbad and his comedy routine , it was a welcome sight to see his return as a comic . This concert was hilarious as well as insightful as will be in my collection for a very long time .
 Sinbad is hiliarious and this show is truly a stress release . I had tears in my eyes , because he was so funny .
 I would have liked to have received the product in the first place . I know that the dvd was excellent , I saw it originally on Comedy Central , but never received it from the company that I bought it from .
 It is good to have a new piece of work from a very family-friendly comedian . He is as funny as ever with his refreshing brand of homespun homor . This is a welcom addition to my Sinbad DVDs .
 Sidbad is back and funny as ever ! The dvd is just comedy , not all the language that other comics use . I love this dvd ... Buy it !
 Got ta love this DVD . I caught his special on Comedy Central first . I decided to look for the DVD after that because I just did n't want to stop watching it . He knows what it takes to be funny without having to be too extreme with his jokes . Even in his opening when he was explaining where he 's been he starts to make you smile . Got ta love how well he does .
 Sinbad is at the top of his game . You will laugh for days as his audience interactions on each subject hits you right in the face . His down to earth comic genius talks about male/female relationships , growing old gracefully -LRB- and not so gracefully -RRB- , and how to have a great sex life even with the kids at home !
 Oh My Goodness !!! I absolutely love Sinbad and was so happy that he released this new project ! He 's hilarious and down to earth . My husband & I love Sinbad & go to see him every chance we get . We loved this DVD that had us laughing so much and could relate so well to his material . I 've already watched it multiple times !
 Sinbad is an `` outstanding '' comedian . He is not vulgar or offensive . `` Where U Been '' is funny !!!!!!!!
 Sinbad is hilarious in this video . If you are like the same age of 50 's he is so funny . Talks about having kids and then the kids growing up and leaving the nest . He has a way of being so funny and never swears . i appreciate that . He plays some music with his band which also is great . I 'd like to see more of that as well .
 Initially I was n't a huge fan of Sinbad . My husband saw this on Comedy Central and told me I just had to watch it . I 'm glad I listened to him ... THIS VIDEO IS HILARIOUS ! Sinbad 's comedy is clean , fresh , and SO TRUE ! We have shown this video to both families , friends , and co-workers and all have the same response ... laughing until tears stream !! Totally worth the purchase !
 Imagine a comedy show without the cursing , naming calling and explicit sexual content . There you have it . Sinbad is so funny and creative , I wish he had n't stayed gone so long .
 I did not know what to expect since Sinbad has not been on the scene for a little while . What you will find is a much more mature , older Sinbad giving creedence to the `` baby boomers '' and our joys and ills . I laughed until I cried when he joked about the signs of a stroke . It was hilarious , yet , relevant and so true . So , if you are a baby boomer you will appreciate his brand of comedy . Clean and very funny !
 This is an very funny DVD . Those over 30 will find it to be hysterical . There were times that I was in tears from laughter . Can be viewed by anyone . Sinbad sticks to his standard of no foul language . I wish more commediennes were like him .
 I love Sinbad and his comedy specials . I was so glad to see he was back with another one . I also have his others on DVD , and I always laugh outloud ! And I 'm glad Amazon had them available - I had been looking for years .
 The Comedy Central special only includes half of this material . So if you liked the Comedy Central show , you should get this Dvd because there are a lot more funny jokes to be heard . There is also some behind-the-scenes material and interviews.This is Sinbad . The loveable guy with the beautiful smile and big shoulders is back in the spotlight . I do n't know what else to say about this . It 's Sinbad . He 's hilarious .
 All I can say is Wow !!! This is true Comedy ! Sinbad is a true performer . In this day and age when we are in search of the new school of comedy , Sinbad shows he has n't lost a step and there is nothing wrong with old school . Very clean comedy . Nothing you will be ashamed to laugh at . I hope to see more of Sinbad in the future .
 This was an unexpected surprise . I have seen Sinbad in the past and enjoyed his stand-up but this show is one of his best , especially for the older generation . He covers numerous topics for the over 50 crowd with humor and insight . Saw the special on comedy central and had to have the DVD !
 I loved this video , I have always been his Favorite Fan !!! I am a 65year old Grandma , and also bought this video for my Son that livesin Mpls . In fact , a few years ago my Son knows that I love Sinbad , and bought us tickets because he was at the Casino in Minn. . It was the first time I saw him in person . I love his expressions , and hisdynamite smile . Welcome Back Sinbad !!!! Dolores in Illinois.p.s Run out and buy this video , you will not be dis-appointed . !!!!
 I was worried after reading several of the reviews that I would be disappointed . I 've seen Sinbad live and experienced pure uncontrollable laughter . This was almost as funny which says a lot . Please do n't miss this opportunity to Lol again and again . This is another great performance by Sinbad . If you are already a fan , you will not be disappointed .
 This was on TV last week ; I will definitely order this video . Every parent needs to have their kids see it !! What did Bette Davis say `` getting old is for sissies !! '' and Sindbag puts it into prospective !! ha haSindbad also hits the nail on the head with his version of how it was before marriage & after - and the different meanings in what is said between couples . I laughed so hard I had to get a tissue !!
 I was headed from the Denver Airport to Steamboat Colorodo with my Ski Club -LRB- Capital Ski -RRB- , we had about 50 people of all ages on the bus . The bus had a dvd system and I was asked if I had something play . I gave them the Sinbad DVD ... IT KILLED !!!!! People cracked up for the whole 2hrs . Sinbad is a great comedian who does n't get enough credit because he is clean !!!!!
 I was so excited to find this dvd on your site , we love watching sinbad and have all his standup dvds , have n't seen him in a while so this dvd was really good . . Thank you Aurora
 Sinbad is super funny ! He makes me laugh without cursing , and that 's rare these days . He still has `` it '' after all these years . I 'm just glad to see him out there ! Great new material , with current subjects and theme .
 I caught about 15 minutes of the tail end of this on Comedy Central one day and giggled so much that I figured I 'd search Amazon for it . I 'm so glad I did . Sinbad , in true Sinbad form , was hilarious and kept it clean . Not too many comedians can say the same these days .
 This was hilarious . Sinbad is so funny and it is so good to see him back . Sinbad proves that you can be funny without being vulgar . I would highly recommend this to anyone who just wants to sit back and have a good laugh .
 I 've been watching Sinbad since he was on A Different World . My mother loves him and now so does my husband and kids . He is so funny without the dirty words . Clean act and funny as heck ! We recently watched the `` Where U Been '' special on Comedy Central a few nights ago and OMG ! We laughed until we cried . I am finally going to get ALL of his videos including his special in Aruba . He is truly a KING OF COMEDY hands down . Not many comedians can be funny without the curse words ! It just takes raw natural talent to do this . I love him and will always be a fan . And Sinbad you 're 53 ??? OMG ! You are still gorgeous I am 31 and he still looks my age ! Great job keep them coming Sinbad we missed you twice when you visited Louisiana but we will keep you in our collection for sure !
 If you saw Sinbad 's special on Comedy Central and laughed , wait until you watch the uncut DVD version . Sinbad has not missed a beat ! It is truly his best stand up . And if you like 70 's music , wait until the end of the show . 4 jammin songs and 20 additional minutes of pure FUNNYNESS . Of course I 'm a little bias , I directed the show .
 Saw this Sunday February 21 , on Comedy Central ! This man is hilarious and he does so without being raw and raunchy ! I recommend this to any family and especially young folks who want to experience clean fun adult entertainment !
 The best , the MOST hilarious stand up on the market today ! Roll in the aisles ! And !! no way * gasp * he can sing too ?? LOL he does and very well . GO SINBAD ! Rock on mister man .
 Like Sinbad because he is not an explicit comedian and he still is funny and talented . Makes me laugh alot .
 after hiding out from the irs for ten years , Sinbad returns and will make you wet yourself in this turn around where he is the elder and his kids bother him . He is by far one of the best clean mouthed comics around .
 Funny funny funny commentary on everyday life we can all relate to without filthy language . Reminds me of a younger more contemporary Bill Cosby . Has bitting observations , yet you can laugh at yourself and others without feeling putdown ! Good entertainment for the whole family .
 How does he do it ? Sinbad is too funny and NOT vulgar . I really like this product and I 'm anxious to see more like this .
 Sinbad is back and still very funny . I thought this was a very funny stand up he did beginning to end .
 Too hot for Hollywood!Cutting edge film and sound , outrageous performances , rock , jazz , latin , experimental , classical , underground , interviews with musicians , artists , gays , lesbians , transvestites , scientists on art , sex , drugs , rock and God in San Francisco , gay parade , dikes on bikes , Juneteenth , Folsom street parade , bondage , heroin etc. A collectors item !
 I think this movie rocks . I always have . I love Jean-Claude he 's so sexy . I wish there were more movies out there like this and the first movie but they would n't be the same with out that sexy accent .
 This Van Damme movie has everything you 'd want in a `` B '' action movie
 This film , though not a hit , proved to people that Van Damme was back in shape and could still the Van Damme thing , which is kick people 's asses . I know this was not his best acting but it was a pretty entertaning flick , I really wish it had more success at the box office . i mean come on it wasnt meant to be an Oscar winner , its an action flick that has plenty of action nuff said .
 Having seen the first movie , and finding it a little tame in comparison with others , I purchased this DVD expecting more of the same , and was impressed by the good performance that Jean-Claude Van Damme brought . Bill Goldberg -LRB- as UNISOL Romeo -RRB- provided some scene-stealing moments both humorous and a little exciting . Although the plot is a little thin , and some back-story was incomplete -LRB- e.g. Devereaux 's late wife -RRB- , I thought this sequel was better than the original .
 The ` Unisols ' are back led by Simon -LRB- Michael Jai White -RRB- . They have taken over the secret base and are taking no prisoners . A beastly brute named Bill Goldberg is the most awesome force to have hit the big screen since Dolph Lundgren ! Jean-Claude Van Damme does everything he can to stop the almost immortal zombies . A memorable scene in this sequel had Goldberg giving spears to all of those fat security guards at a hospital . Immense ! Then Simon kicked an old man in the face at the speed of light . What a gesture ! The movie 's plot is thin , but is genius to my standards . Van Damme delivers more jumpkicks , flashkicks and horizontal spin kicks . Oh yes ! More heaven in a movie .
 I thought this movie was awesome . It had great action and a great story line . I do n't care what anybody says . This movie is a must buy .
 This was definitely a beyyer movie than the original Universal Soldier . Van Damme plays the role of the hero very effectively . Michael Jai White plays the role of Seth in a human body to the point of being scary . Bill Goldberg ia also a very effective villain in his role as Romeo . This small army of super soldiers are turned bad by Seth the super computer . The main killer soldier , played by Goldberg , wreaks havoc . Seth the super computer takes on a human body and openly begins a manhunt for Van Damme because he has the secret computer code that Seth has to have . After battles all over the landscape Van Damme finally prevails . This is a good action movie with entertaining actors . See this film for entertainment purposes .
 nice s *** music is definetly late in this season but son good lyrics in this song good beat by the producers and the haters
 Part 2 of universal soldier -LRB- universal soldier-the return -RRB- this movie is about one man fighting against tons of unisol soldiers , that are 2.5 times stronger then any man . The main computer goes out of control . I wo n't go into detail , cause i do n't want to ruin the movie , but Jean-Claude Van Damme Pulls out some awsome martial arts foot action in this movie . The best fighting scene yet of jean claude is in this movie . This movie has some comedy scenes , as well as action . Bill goldberg does an outstanding job in this film . I just do n't see how this did n't become a big hit in the movie theaters . I rent movies qite often and i think jean claude movie gets so underated . If you u were to pick out the latest top 10 movies , jean claude movie should be atleast a 3 on the top 10 list . so if you want a great hit , this movie is a must see .
 The Jean Claude Van Damme Review Matrix -LRB- JCVD-RM -RRB- 1 . Who is he ? Luc Devereaux , the only remaining Universal Soldier -LRB- UNISOL -RRB- from the first experiment . He now serves as technical expert to UNISOL 2500 , the second generation , which has resulted in a stronger , faster , more deadly warrior .2 . Which family member/friend must be avenged ? Not only does Dr. Dylan Cotner -LRB- Xander Berkeley -RRB- - the lead project scientist - get fried , but his daughter also falls into danger .3 . Does he take his shirt off ? No , but Romeo -LRB- professional wrestler Bill Goldberg -RRB- , the alpha male of all the UNISOLs , is constantly shirtless .4 . Does he have sex with a C-List actress ? I hoped that there 'd be copulation with his partner Maggie -LRB- Kiana Tom -RRB- , but sad disappointment hit me when the credits rolled .5 . Is there a tournament ? No structured tournament .6 . Is training needed for this tournament ? As a regeneration from the first experiment , JCVD has all the training he needs7 . Does he do the splits in training or in the tournament ? The splits are in full force when JCVD delivers a sack-stretching spin kick to SETH -LRB- Michael Jai White -RRB- - Self-Evolving Thought Helix - the advanced computer system controlling the new genetically enhanced soldiers that implanted its programming and consciousness into human form .8 . Does he punch someone in the balls ? Since the UNISOLs do n't feel pain , but need to breathe , the throat-shot replaces the groin-shot in this one .9 . Does he do a series of flying or 360 kicks ? OMG ! I 'm dizzy ! 10 . Is his enemy unbeatable ? SETH is n't quite SkyNet , and the UNISOLs are n't quite Terminators ; so , JCVD has a manageable , yet difficult foe .11 . Does he overcome an injury or other hindrance ? While Luc is battling the new and improved UNISOL army , he has to contend with an beautiful but irritating reporter named Erin -LRB- Heidi Schanz -RRB- 12 . Does he win ? Judgment day averted.After one of the most ridiculous opening jet-ski , machine gun scenes in cinema history , Kiana Tom 's shirt got ripped open for a bra shot . I immediately thought this movie , like Kiana , had potential . I was not disappointed.When a Pentagon General -LRB- Daniel von Bergen -RRB- gets the nod to shut down the UNISOL program , SETH takes action to defend itself . Exhausting all options , Devereaux and gang try to shut SETH down manually and face resistance . Without a secret code , known only by Devereaux , SETH will shut down in eight hours ; so , the computer begins military actions and decryption of the code ala the WOPR inWar Games.This is an enjoyable JCVD flick , but there are four problems I had with it . One , SETH was supposed to be five-times as fast/strong/etc . as a person , so regardless of how awesome JCVD is , it should have been a mismatch . Somehow , however , SETH does n't avoid an awesome JCVD flying 360 . Two , all of Bill Goldberg 's lines should have been grunts . His physique is imposing , but his acting is terrifying . Three , the reporter Erin was completely unnecessary , and at times blocked the movie 's flow like an infected kidney stone . And , four , Kiana did n't get naked -LRB- this may not be a valid argument -RRB- . Overall , this is JCVD fun . Tons of kicks . Even more gun-fighting and explosions . Decent acting , albeit with a diluted plot , makes this a good follow-up storyline and a mid-level JCVD movie , which makes it better than most action movies in general . Guilty pleasure awesomeness .
 Universal Soldier-The Return -LRB- released August/99 -RRB- is certainly an underrated sequel to the first Universal Soldier.The film is filled with lots of action and suspense mixed with a nice on going sub plot concerning the value of family and love.Van Damme is certainly on top of his acting game in this one.The story concerns the Uni-sol project and Luc Deveraux -LRB- Van Damme -RRB- who this time around is a consultant and trainer for the project.His wife has passed on and he is a single father who has one daughter Hillary -LRB- Karis Bryant -RRB- who he dotes over lovingly.One day the overseeing General Radford -LRB- Danile Von Bargon -RRB- informs the project team that he has to pull the plug on the project.It has become a liability and the government wo n't stand for anymore mishaps.SETH , the artificial intelligence that runs the computer systems including commanding the Uni-sols themselves , decides this is against protocol and initiates a defensive posture.He takes over total control of all systems and instructs the soldiers to clear the facility in preparations for a total assault on the outside world.Luc possesses the code which would be able to terminate SETH and with his help the General tries repeatedly to shut things down but without success ; with much loss of military life in the process.In the meantime SETH has gone from a computer based intelligence into a human host -LRB- Michael Jai White -RRB- . He also kidnaps Luc 's daughter from her hospital bed and holds her as a bargaining chip.In the finale of the film Luc and SETH battle toe to toe until Luc manages to turn on the cryo freezing unit which turns SETH into a human popsicle ; this in turn enables Luc to give one last high flying kick which disintegrates SETH into pieces.As Luc runs from the building he shoots and ignites explosives which destroys both the building and the remaining Uni-Sols . The film ends with Luc reunited in his daughter 's arms.As I mentioned above Van Damme was definitely on his acting game in this one and it is especially evident in his on screen relationship with his daughter.He emotes all the right feelings at just the right moments throughout and this is one of his better moments on the screen in that regard.Michael White makes for a very menacing SETH and ex football player/wrestler Bill Goldberg makes a fine antagonist to our hero Luc.Fine acting , supporting and lead , all the way through makes this an enjoyable action romp.Once the action starts there is no let up.Technically the film has been transferred well and the picture is crisp and clear.There is a little inherent graininess now and again but nothing major.This DVD is a dreaded DDD -LRB- double sided disc -RRB- so be very careful re scuffing and scratching.One side has the widescreen version and the other the full screen.The film is also available in Dolby 2 and 5.1 sound.Extras include the trailer , talent files , an almost 4 minute look into the work out routine of Mr.White , a making-of featurette and a look at some of Van Damme 's other film product for Columbia Tri-Star with comments by Van Damme on them and his career.In conclusion I do recommend this film/DVD . A very nice fast moving action packed sequel to the original , with Van Damme on top of his game .
 Excellent movie ! A must have along with the the other two sequels
 I bought this movie cause I wanted to see some good action of Jean-Claude van Damme . And I did see good action stuff . So why the hell does everyone thinks this movie is so bad . It is a good action movie .
 Goldberg is the greatest actor and wrestler that ever lived period end of story
 I am a big fan of Kiana from ESPN2 and thought it was fantastic that she co-starred with Jean Claude . She did a terrific job and I would love to see her do more action films ! Keep up the Good job !
 ONE OF VAN DAMME `` S BEST FILMS . GREAT FIGHTS , EXPLOSIONS , WEAPONS MAKE THIS AN EXELLENT EXPERIENCE , DEFINETLY WORTH A WATCH . ... IT 'S ON TBS SUPERSTATION JUNE 22ND ,02 . I RECOMMEND IT !!! ...
 Universal Soldier is one of the best new DVDs out . It contains many entertaining features such as interviews with Van Damme and White . There is nonstop action in this movie . Even though , there are some absurd scenes it 's still a must buy for everyone that enjoys action movies .
 This movie is a guilty pleasure . Nowhere near as truly amazing as 3 or 4 , but still awesome . It 's really not considered canon anymore so you can pretend it does n't exist , but it 's got a jet ski chase so you should probably buy it now .
 This movie is soooooooooooooooooo bad you 'll laugh till your abs hurt . I had to stop the movie several times to stop the tears from all the laughing.The story of a Demon Seed style computer -LRB- for those that remember that film -RRB- with ambitions to take on humanity because it 's funding had been cut is funny in itself but combine that with totally unbelievable action sequences , disjointed one-liners , gratutious bra shots , and absolutely abysmal acting and you 've got a winner!For those of you that liked Commando , you 'll probably like this film .
 The Plot : After 13 years . Luc -LRB- Jean Claude Van Damme -RRB- is having an normal life , he has a twelve year old daughter , a job for the military and he more human than ever but he lost his wife from the first film . Everything is about to fall about when Seth -LRB- Micheal Jai White -RRB- , a supercomputer controlled warrior , has control another Unisols to save and defend themselves . But they are dangerous , will be anything sent they goals . But Luc how to stop them , because he was the original Unisol . Bill Goldberg steals the film , when he appears in a scene , he gives an outrageous entertaining comic performance as Romeo , he ` s one of the Unisols in the film.DVD ` s has a good anomorphic widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- transer and Pan & Scan is also alivable . Excellent Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround with Strong .1 Lfe Bass just like Original Universal Soldier DVD . Including 3 Different Feaurette and Theatrical Tralier .
 I can not believe this movie is getting such low reviews as i enjoyed it as did everyone that i know did aswell.this movie was mostly fast paced action and excellent fight scenes with scary villans , not much about the story as the first one but it was also funny like when van-damme says `` i 'm leaving , no violence '' then he beats the beats the bouncers up . overall the movie was very entertaining and i think the flaws was the movie 's lower budget and lack of creative stunts & locations . but if your a van-damma or action movie fan you will enjoy it .
 Universal Soldier
 I would like to clarify that this is NOT UNIVERSAL SOLDIER 2 . Many reviews mention that this is US2 but they are wrong . There IS a US2 which does not include Van Damme - but this is not it .
 This is a good movie which lives up to the famous first one . A must have . There is action and drama on overtime here . And of cause Van Damme . He is always worth looking at . A fantastic movie . Buy it now !
 This movie can only be compared with classics like A Clockwork Orange and Lawrence of Arabia.It is the epic story of the heroes . . It has inspired many moviemakers including Martin Scorsese , Stanley Kubrick and Steven Spielberg . . What a great use of photography.With its dream - like scenario , Universal Soldier 2 is THE MOVIE . : -RRB-
 As good or maybe better than Universal soldier . A great and entertaining action movie . I think everybody will love this movie !
 The fight i been waiting to see all my life , and it finally happen.The fight was pretty good , Van Damne coudnt keep him down.I ask all my friends what Van Damne movie they like the best and they say this one , I agree with them but my fav is Kickboxer.This movie may be short but its good
 What can you say about the most unpretentious guys in the world who made fun , silly stuff ? I wanted to live in the fenced in lot in the city like they did and get my eggs from a stolen hen .
 i enjoyed it happen in Brooklyn best because i had seen it before and like it for many reasons
 Wated a long time to see this collection and I was not dissapointed!The duo singing in It Happened in Brooklyn was better than I expected.Well done . .
 I LOVE OLD MOVIES AND REALLY ENJOY FRANK SINATRA . &#34; IT HAPPENED IN BROOKLYN &#34; IS ONE OF MY FAVORITES . IT HAS JIMMY DURANTED IN IT , TOO , ALONG WITH KATHRYN GRAYSON . IT IS A GOOD LOVE STORY AND FUN TO WATCH .
 I like frank Sinatra . So I decided to buy this set along with others and this is the one I least watch . All in all , it is a good set .
 This film is worth watching for Sinatra and Jimmy Durante . Their star power comes through despite a weak plot , and they shine both on their own and together . Their duet on `` The Song 's Got ta Come from the Heart '' is the comic high point and endlessly enjoyable.What raises the whole shebang to the next level , though , is the outstanding score by Jule Styne and Sammy Cahn , the songwriting team whose talent Sinatra had brought to the fore . `` The Brooklyn Bridge '' has a lilting melody and memorable lyrics . The two standards , `` Time After Time '' and `` It 's the Same Old Dream , '' receive a smooth and completely sincere delivery in the style Young Blue Eyes had already perfected . His audiences in both , though radically different , prove extremely appreciative , and so will you .
 This is light hearted , simple , and entertaining . Not Oscar worthy , but an extremely enjoyable old movie . You ca n't go wrong with the music of Frank Sinatra and the ever exuberant Jimmy Durante . Of course , the beautiful Kathryn Grayson is n't bad either !
 Not a big budget picture , or original plot , but the stars and the music make it sparkle . Durante is a real treat , and the Sinatra/Grayson Don Giovanni duet is a gem . Lots of fun for when you do n't want a serious picture , but a good old fashioned romantic musical comedy .
 Although the movies were not quite what I expecting , I did enjoy them . I would recommend them to any classic movie fan .
 A great series of movies featuring Sinatra 's romantic voice and shows why girls swooned so over him . I recommend all the movies . They contained lots of laughter and , of course , Sinatra 's great singing voice !
 Frank Sinatra , Kathryn Grayson , Jimmy Durante and Peter Lawford star in this very good MGM musical from the golden age of Hollywood musicals . At times the plot meanders a bit too far but the fine musical numbers more than outweigh the slightly less than perfect plot.The action begins in England when Danny Miller -LRB- Frank Sinatra -RRB- is just about to leave Europe for America now that WWII is over in Europe . By chance he meets extremely shy Jamie Shellgrove -LRB- Peter Lawford -RRB- and his grandfather who is a bon vivant English Duke . Danny casually mentions to Jamie that he should look him up if ever he were to come to America -- and , to Danny 's surprise , that 's just what Jamie does!Meanwhile , Danny meets Anne Fielding , -LRB- Kathryn Grayson -RRB- , his first Brooklyn girl since his return to his native Brooklyn . Danny starts to fall for her -- but of course there are Jamie 's ideas as well . Enter Jimmy Durante as the kindly older janitor at Danny 's former Brooklyn high school and NOW you 've got a movie!The plot becomes obvious but you watch this film for the great musical numbers and not for the plot . Kathryn Grayson does a superlative job of singing a beautiful number from an opera entitled `` Lakme . '' Frank and Jimmy Durante perform `` It 's Got ta Come from the Heart '' in the record store where Frank 's character Danny works ; and Frank sings `` Time After Time '' to perfection . There is also an except of a piano recital by Leo Kardos -LRB- William Roy -RRB- ; he plays beautifully even if MGM had to do some minor damage to the plot in order to squeeze in this fine excerpt . Great!The cinematography works well with pictures of Danny -LRB- Sinatra -RRB- on the Brooklyn Bridge right after he returns home to Brooklyn ; and the choreography works wonders for the song and dance number in the school gymnasium for Durante , Sinatra and a young boy whose tap dancing will impress you greatly.Overall , the plot could have used more work ; but I give this film high marks anyway for the very impressive array of musical numbers displaying the usual sublime MGM talent . I highly recommend this film for fans of the classic MGM musicals of the day ; and people who like Sinatra , Peter Lawford , Kathryn Grayson and Durante will always love this movie.Four and one-half stars .
 Film buffs looking for examples of excellent Sinatra films are better directed to the Sinatra DVD box set , `` The Golden Years '' , and also the individual DVDs , `` Manchurian Candidate '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , `` On the Town '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , `` From Here to Eternity '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , `` Guys and Dolls '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , `` Pal Joey '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , and `` High Society '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , among others . For film buffs who are also major fans of Frank Sinatra , however , this DVD box set is a real treat , as none of these films have been released in DVD format before , and many of them have been unavailable in VHS format for years.All of the following films are in B&W ; , except for `` The Kissing Bandit '' : `` Higher and Higher '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- was Sinatra 's first full-length film , and , with Jack Haley on board in the lead male role , is somewhat amusing and entertaining filmfare . The highlights , for Sinatra fans , are Sinatra singing `` A Lovely Way to Spend an Evening '' and `` The Music Stopped '' , along with a few other songs . The plot is thin , with Sinatra playing himself , but this film is still a must for major Sinatra fans who will want to own this dated , but rather fun romp . -LRB- 21/2 out of 5 stars -RRB- `` Step Lively '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- is much more exciting fare for Sinatra fans , as Sinatra plays the lead male role and shares his first on-screen kiss -LRB- with co-star Gloria de Haven -RRB- in an amusing tale about a Broadway producer -LRB- George Murphy -RRB- trapped , with his cast , in a Manhattan hotel suite because he ca n't pay his bill . The plot is amusing , and Sinatra sings four songs , including `` As Long as There 's Music '' . -LRB- 31/2 out of 5 stars -RRB- `` It Happened in Brooklyn '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- is easily the most interesting and entertaining of the films in this box set . Co-stars , Peter Lawford -LRB- long before he was in the Rat Pack ! -RRB- and Jimmy Durante help make this film a thoroughly entertaining musical . Although the musical performances are mostly low-key and not big production numbers , the songs -LRB- by Jules Styne and Sammy Cahn -RRB- are top-notch , including `` Time After Time '' , `` I Believe '' , `` The Brooklyn Bridge '' , and `` It 's the Same Old Dream '' . The high point of the film is the Durante-sinatra duet , `` The Song 's Got ta Come From the Heart '' . Also , in the 6 degrees of separation department , a young teenaged Andre Previn is featured on piano -LRB- he AND Frank Sinatra each married Mia Farrow a few decades later ... -RRB- -LRB- 4 out of 5 stars -RRB- `` The Kissing Bandit '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- Of all of Sinatra 's 50-plus films , this is the film that made Sinatra BLUSH the most when reminiscing about his film career . Yes , this one nearly makes the SO-BAD-IT 'S - GOOD department ! Sinatra LOOKS fabulous throughout , in lovely Spanish outfits in glorious color , but his acting is at its worst -LRB- though a lot of Sinatra fans , like myself , find him rather charming in this film -RRB- , and the songs are not memorable . This film is definitely worth seeing for its near-camp value , but maybe not a film most people would want to own ... the far-superior `` Meet Danny Wilson '' from 1951 -LRB- actually , a VERY GOOD film ! -RRB- would have made a better choice for this boxed set than `` The Kissing Bandit '' or the next film in the set ... -LRB- 21/2 out of 5 stars -RRB- `` Double Dynamite '' -LRB- 1951 , but , apparently , filmed years earlier -RRB- has the saving grace of co-star GROUCHO MARX ! However , even his considerable talents can not save this film from having the dubious distinction of being even worse than `` The Kissing Bandit '' ! The great Jane Russell also co-stars , but the script is very weak and Sinatra seems spaced-out throughout the film . However , for major Sinatra and Marx fans , there is some charm to be found here . There are also two songs . -LRB- 2 out of 5 stars -RRB- Now , I 've judged these films AS FILMS rather harshly . But , as vehicles for Frank Sinatra in the early years of his career , `` Step Lively '' and `` It Happened in Brooklyn '' are really quite excellent . `` The Kissing Bandit '' and `` Double Dynamite '' are good for laughs -LRB- the wrong kind , but laughs they are ! -RRB- and have a certain charm to them . Even at his worst , Sinatra could not help but entertain ! For that , and for historical value , I rate this DVD boxed set 31/2 out of 5 stars , overall .
 a must for any new yorker or sinatra fan . ps . great musical # by peter lawford
 This film is great and a must see . Great for all Katheryn Grayson fans It 's romantic funny and enjoyable to see each time . I highly recommend it .
 My mother being a shut-in and a music fan enjoys watching musicals and I rent or purchased practically every one I can find so she can watch them all . For a modern movie lover this may seem a bit slow and obviously the script is simplistic and like other movies of it 's day not as polished as many modern movies . It 's almost corny in many spots . But it 's easy going , you see the skills of these different stars and there 's enough good points to make this a great movie.My mother actually has physical pain from elevated blood pressure and excitement so even moving old time musicals can get on her nerves . This is an easy going movie that she has watched and can watch many times . Funny thing is the more I see it the more I like it and the more genius of the individual stars and their talents show through . I wish this was on DVD . I wish it was in color , but of course it 's what it is . It 's about common people living for the most part with talents and dreams not only working their way up , but helping others . All the ingrediants of a great movie , that are somehow lost in most modern day movies , but somewhat loosely put together . Actually some of the formulas and seemingly simpliness of the movie is what makes it so endearing when you watch it , but perhaps I 've been watching to many musicals with old mom.If you like Terminator and other action films with a ton of special effects , then this will put you to sleep . If you like interesting little sketches with very talented and likable actors -LRB- even if you know it 's an act they do a great job -RRB- , then this is a MUST SEE . I really like it . Other sometimes under-rated films that are like this would be Holiday Inn , another good easy going movie that has a kind of unexpected and loose script . Holiday Inn 's script is tighter . Both good movies.Greg
 Reviewer Coleen `` Frankie-machine '' did a good job of rating the films in this collection , except for `` Higher and Higher '' -LRB- based on the broadway hit -RRB- , which in my opinion is this sets ' best film.Another reviewer says there are no chapter stops . That is not true . There ARE chapter stops about 10-12 minutes apart . However there are no scene selections , and that sucks ! Discs however , are closed captioned . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Excellent Movie , one of Frank Sinatra 's best . Sellers quality was as promised , delivery time was perfect .
 There is a duke of Dunstable at the beginning of the film ; as he is a nice duke , it is not a P.G. Wodehouse story . Not a bad screenplay by Isobel Lennart
 Great collection at a great price . Not necessarily the best movies ever made but a critical part of Sinatra history
 I had to e-mail Amazon to find out , here 's the list
 This review refers to the Platinum Disc Corp DVD edition of `` Murder '' ... If you are looking for a decent transfer to DVD of one of Hitch 's earliest works -LRB- 1930 -RRB- and do n't want to pay for all the extras , this disc by Platinum is a good way to go . This 73 year old film does show it 's age , there are some scratches , there 's a very thin line down the center of the film -LRB- which is not distracting -RRB- and occasionally it jumps a bit , but other than that it is a perfectly clear picture and very viewable.The sound in Dolby Dig -LRB- mono -RRB- of this early `` talkie '' is good too , audible and distintive for the most part . There was n't anything that took away from my viewing pleasure of this Hitch classic that we are lucky to be able to enjoy today . If I look that good at 73 . I 'll be a happy camper ! `` Murder '' is the story of one man 's quest for justice . He was the last hold out on the jury of a murder trial -LRB- of a beautiful woman of course -RRB- , and was convinced to vote guilty . He is an esteemed actor , but realizes that this case was real life , has second thoughts about the woman 's guilt and plays detective to try and prove her innocence , and find the real killer.Can he make his case in time or will the death penalty be be invoked ? It 's a thrilling game of beat the clock!The film stars Herbert Marshall and Norah Barring , and you will see even in this early stage of Hitch 's illustrious career , his sense of style and his sense of humor mixed in with the mayhem.Looking for Hitch
 Being one of Hitchcock 's third sound film , it is amazing how quickly he could master using it . The use of the music , provided by an actual orchestra behind the wall , when Herbert Marshall is going through the case in his mind . The barrage of the the questions of the jury to Marshall . Also , this play is a rarity in his films
 Parts of this film have more in common with the works of Resnais than with any of the overwhelming bulk of Hitchcock 's other films . At times achieving a bizarrely effected comic realism
 Were one teaching a class in the history of the film or in film-making , this 1930 effort by Hitchcock should certainly be on the list of works well worth a few hours of detailed watching and analysis . Almost every minute reflects one or another device that later were used with greater subtlety and cunning in his recognized classics . Of course , this is hardly a masterwork ; it still reflects its time , learning how to transform techniques honed in the silent era to the new technology of sound film . Not only is the director confronting this dilemma , so to is the top star-to-be Herbert Marshall , and some of the lesser lights who made successful transitions . Yet , despite the difficulties confronting all involved , it is still Hitchcock , it is still an entertainment of some charm and interest . It is a film that film buffs should , if not must , see and enjoy , first as a pleasant way to spend 90 minutes , and , second , as a lesson in how a morbid subject , murder , can be a vehicle for suspense , interesting characterizations -LRB- despite being stereotyped -RRB- , and drollery.I can heartily recommend the film to all those who miss the days when AMC , Turner Classics , and the like , were filled day and night , with the studio output of the late 20 's and 30 's -LRB- when some of us were young -RRB- . Others might just take a chance on a movie that is more than high technology run rampant .
 Note
 These DVS 's are great classics to watch , especially on a dark and late night . But I woulds n't think these DVD 's are great . I would go more recent to the 50 's and 60 's movies . My favorite Hitchcock movie is Rear Window . That will keep you watching .
 I have watched all my movies in this set . Even the silent ones are good , though I do get a little restless needing to sit glued to the set so as not miss anything . But as a Hitchcock Movie Lover what could I do . I found my picture and sound good . No jumping or uneven sections in the movies . I totally appreciate companies that produce these old movies .
 Director
 Hitchcock and Herbert Marshall - a great combination . In typical Hitchcock fashion the viewer is suspended between dark irony and anxiety for the length of the film . The film and audio quality left much to be desired , but these old Hitchcock mysteries are well worth wading through grainy remnants of photography . How nice to see a plot that does not insult the intelligence of the viewer , something modern producers seem unable to do .
 I got this DVD because I like the English Hitchcock better than the commercialized version that Hollywood saw and marketed.If you are a fan of Hitchcock , this movie is for you . Good acting and storyline . Most importantly , this movie will show where the inspiration for many classic Hitchock moves comes from . I recopgnized several elements , both technical as well as content-related , that reappeared in later Hitchcock movies . As if Hitchcock , while testing out the sound technology , was also experimenting with other technical and literary effects .
 What can you say about the most unpretentious guys in the world who made fun , silly stuff ? I wanted to live in the fenced in lot in the city like they did and get my eggs from a stolen hen .
 Released in '02 ` I Am Dina ' is a beautifully filmed Brontesque styled film that is so out of the norm it appears to have created a genre unique unto itself . The constant juxtaposition of the idyllic rural lifestyle of 19th century Northern Norway and the magnificent Norwegian vistas worthy of a National Geographic travelogue are indeed a striking contrast to the dark , supernaturally tinted , psycho-sexual drama that slowly unfolds before its stunned and unprepared audience . Accompanied by a superbly crafted script and superior performances all-around one is left to wonder why such a film has lanquished in obscurity for the past five years.Maria Bonnevie delivers a haunting and unnerving performance in the role of Dina . Her tormented , otherworldly countenance is both frightening and beautiful and the camera makes good use of her features with continual close-ups of her expressive face . If there were ever a pair of eyes that could gase into a mans soul these are the ones . Other personal favorites in the film are ; Soren Saetter-Lassen as Lorch , Mads Mikkelsen as Niels , Christopher Eccleston as Leo and of course the legendary Gerard Depardieu as Jacob.If you 're in the mood for something light and romantic watch something else , however if you 're looking for something somber and brooding look no further.My Rating
 An epic in its own right , this movie is for those that like Babette 's Feast , The Piano , My life as a Dog and other ` artsy ' films . Set in a Norway that makes you want to grab the first flight out there , it 's haunting story is of a cellist who lives life by her own rules from the age of 5 . Not ` slow ' like Babette 's Feast , but with all the subtleties that we just do n't get in most Hollywood movies . But not so intropective that you get lost on your own navel . Really a treat . The music , awesome , and the acting ... well very good . To me , I put it up there with the likes of The English Patient , Frances , Indochine . You 'll just have to get it and see for yourself . Honestly , it 's one of those kind of movies -LRB- I had the opportunity to see it in the theaters -RRB- that when it 's done , you want more and you want to act on making your life more full . Clich&eacute; , but totaly carpe diem . Voila .
 This is a haunting and engaging story about a young girl banished to a life of self torment , an only child denied the love of her father when she accidentally causes the death of her mother . The first moments of this film are riveting , soft and serene and then quickly blood curdling , as we see the young girl playing whimsically in the 1800s in mountainous Norway , only to accidentally drown her mother in a giant vat of boiling lye on the family 's estate . This all happens in the first few moments of this film - it is explosive and mesmerizing , visually spectacular , highly disturbing and set against a soundtrack of enchanting music.The tale follows the story of Dina , the tragedy that befalls her as a child and the life of disappointment and abandonment she subsequently is doomed to follow , a life spent yearning for the love of her father and discarding all other men as playtoys . We see Dina as a young girl , and then as a young woman . She scorns her femininity in much the same way she has been scorned for causing her mother 's death and her life is one of betrayal , revenge , abandonment , and adultery . This is a film not of possibility but of mind numbing reality , the confused reality of a woman damaged to the core and her need to find a permanent love that will honor and obey , and validate her.It is beautifully filmed and cleverly edited to create a visual journey as poignant and lingering as the sad and disturbing plight of Dina . This is definitely an interesting and unique film experience , perhaps at times more engrossing for the scenery , sound track and editing than for the story line .
 Based on the novel by Herbjrg Wassmoole , Ole Bornedal directed the drama I Am Dina . In Northern Norway during the 1860s , a little girl named Dina accidentally causes her mother 's death . Overcome with grief , her father -LRB- Bjrn Floberg -RRB- refuses to raise her , leaving her in the care of the household servants . Dina grows up wild and unmanageable , with her only friend being the stable boy , Tomas -LRB- Hans Matheson -RRB- and finding in the cello her only silent partner . She summons her mother 's ghost and develops a strange fascination with death as well as a fervent passion for living , as well as an indomitable character.Family friend Jacob -LRB- G&eacute;rard Depardieu -RRB- encourages Dina 's father to hire Lorch -LRB- Sren Stter-Lassen -RRB- , a tutor who introduces her to the cello . When Dina is old enough -LRB- played by Maria Bonnevie -RRB- , she marries Jacob and moves to Reinsnes , a port he runs with his mother , Karen -LRB- Wenche Foss -RRB- , and his stepsons Niels -LRB- Mads Mikkelsen -RRB- and Anders -LRB- Jrgen Langhelle -RRB- . Niels does n't like Dina 's wild ways , or the fact that she has taken over accounting duties at Reinsnes . Dina 's eccentric tendencies become even stronger , eventually leading Jacob into an accident of his own and bringing Tomas back into her life.Potent and remarkable film , that deserves from you special attention due the marvelous script , stunning artistic direction and towering performances of all the cast . One may feel the undeniable visual narrative of Ingmar Bergman . But just for watching the enraptured performance of Maria Bonnevie would be by itself motive to watch this fabulous film that somehow was overlooked by most audiences and critics all over the world expect in Europe.Watch it and you will experience a rewarding surprise .
 One of the most captivating pieces of cinema I have ever come across , Dina is stunning , moving and beautiful . It brilliantly touches parts of the human psyche that other movies just dance around . And the acting is amazing.But be forewarned , this film will haunt you .
 Note
 This was a wonderfully directed movie , I do n't know why it did n't do so well in the US . The actors did a splendid job , the music was great , and the plot was good . It would appeal to mostly women I think , as a dark drama from the iew-point of a woman .
 Just finished this and I barely know what to think . At some level I was confused but , at the same time , totally absorbed in its passion.Here 's the scoop . At a young age , Dina accidentally causes the death of her mother . Her father banishes her from the house and she is left alone in someone 's attic , for some while , to suffer , alone , the horror of what has happened . She is gradually brought back into the house and tutored by a musician . He teaches her music , how to read , and tries to steer her into some degree of emotional normalcy . Her father wants little to do with her and she matures into a very interesting , wild and haunted individual.Though there is somewhat of a story and character arc here , it is mostly episodic . You see Dina in various episodes throughout her life which explore her person . She has a constant wide -LRB- wild -RRB- - eyed look . She does n't blink much . She 's tough both emotionally and physically . She never wears shoes , not even in the winter . And that 's saying something because this is set in a rural Norwegian town in the 19th century . She 's an accomplished cellist and appears not only to be quite bright but cunning as well . She can pick up on the smallest clues to see what 's happening around her . But she 's haunted by her mother 's death and this effects everything she does . Death always seems close at hand and her relationships with people in general , and men in particular , are wildly unpredictable.This might be where I had a problem . I 'm not certain what the writer / director was trying to say . Yup . She 's big time screwed up . But , even with her death obsession , she seems to be more alive than those around her . It 's just I felt so little procession in the film . It seemed to be a bunch of set pieces strung together . Maybe I need to see it again to get the whole of it.This film has a great look to it . The sense of period is played well . The cast is good . Maria Bonnevie is great as Dina . Gerard Depardieu , Chris Eccelston and Madds Mikkelson all do fine jobs . There is great passion in every frame of this movie . I liked it a lot and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys foreign films . I just could n't find the core to it .
 This film is worth seeing just for the performance of Ms. Bonnevie - what an intense creature -LRB- and absolutely gorgeous to boot -RRB- . The landscape is an effective backdrop to the lithesome beauty of Maria ...
 Excellent film version of Dina 's Story . The acting is spectacular and the scenery is breathtaking . What a background for this haunting story !
 I 've never seen a movie or even imagined a story like the tale told in this epic film . It has some dark hints to it , a bit on the scary side but so entertaining . This actress is unbelievably talented in her role and I wish Hans Matheson has a larger part in it.I 'm a huge fan of BBC films and the talent in this film is unsurpassed by many movies in America , I have never seen a movie such of this or could even imagine a story like this unfolding . It 's so intesting to see history and stories being told in parts of the world we americans never hear much about or think about . A truely unique film for all to see , except young children .
 I do n't know what the issue is with people and their reviews of `` Have a laugh '' . I have never seen our 2 year old adjust so quickly to a video . It usually takes him 1 or 2 times watching a video to `` warm up '' to it . With this video , he started laughing straight off . Yes , they have a modern `` blip '' at the end of the video . But seriously ... he is giggling right now , watching the old videos we all remember . Lighten up , people . Great format . I have no problem with it ... We will be purchasing the entire series . Our boy loves them ...
 This german film , released here with it 's original sundtrack and english subtitles , is totally unique in it 's subject matter and in its form . Roughly it is about a young couple who decide to offer their services on a website to film other people 's suicide . There is a lot more to it , but there are some very interesting and unexpected plot twists that would be a shame to give away - you just have to see this for yourself . It is entirely shot on Digital Video - but BEWARE all those people who have some strange grudge against this medium , let me tell you
 If you are in search of gore , sickness , and/or fright , look elsewhere . However , if you are in search of an emotionally disturbing picture , you 've found it . Minimal graphic gore/violence . Maximum desperation and sadness.The key to this film 's impact is found in the painfully slow buildups to each `` suicide '' . We are walked through their final moments , forced to bare witness to the thoughts and feelings of defeated soles . In some cases , the events are pathetic and darkly humorous ; in others , tragic and heartbreaking . Yet , in each , we see a level of realism rarely achieved in film.Surely , some will blow this film off for a lack of graphic visuals . However , for those who dare to think about and truly experience a film , you are in for something unique.Oddly enough , I would classify this film as anti-suicide , as one is not left with a comforting or agreeable feeling about the matter.I only hold back that final star because the `` suicides '' become a bit repetitive and tiresome at a certain point . There is only so much of this one can take before glossing over and growing callous .
 This german film , released here with it 's original sundtrack and english subtitles , is totally unique in it 's subject matter and in its form . Roughly it is about a young couple who decide to offer their services on a website to film other people 's suicide . There is a lot more to it , but there are some very interesting and unexpected plot twists that would be a shame to give away - you just have to see this for yourself . It is entirely shot on Digital Video - but BEWARE all those people who have some strange grudge against this medium , let me tell you
 Troma , for those who are not familiar with them , are well known for making some of the best bad films around -LRB- or at least releasing them , such as the hypnotically bad `` BloodSucking Freaks '' -RRB- . That is part of what makes this a little odd . Even reading the description on the case , this seemed like a , well , real movie . How was this going to to work?Well , the movie is very good . While I am maybe too jaded to find it scary , it was definately disturbing . Without any warning , the movie leads right into the first suicide , and keeps rolling , letting you sort out all the details . While nothing is really built up for suspense , its quiet realism draws you in and manages to unnerve and even shock . I would highly recommend this movie , and will probably lend it to my neighbor once she gets home from her date.There are some negatives . The ending does seem like an unlikely moment of stupidity . The Troma extras really tempt me to lower the rating , as they are jarring and do not match the movie at all , but take them separately and they are entertaining in the Troma fashion -LRB- meaning not necessarily for everyone -RRB- . Oh ! and they do n't warn you that the movie is in German with subtitles . The subtitles are in white , and the backgrounds frequently are light , so the movie becomes hard to read at times . > scratching head < Yeah , I am still sticking with the 4 Stars , but on another day , it could be 3 for all the technical and extra stuff that does n't work as well as they would like .
 `` Suicide '' is the story of a young couple who decide they can make a fortune filming real life suicides . They create a website advertising their services , and then they stage a few suicides to generate response . Their plan works and soon they are filming the real thing . However , the woman will never come along for the shooting . Hmmm ... The entire film is shot on DV from the point of view of the film 's documentarian protagonist . The performances are stellar and a very high level of realism is achieved . The style reminds me of Paul Morrisey -LRB- sp ? -RRB- films like `` Trash '' and Lars Von Trier 's `` The Idiots . '' If this is Raoul Heimrich 's first feature , it is a promising debut to say the least.I do have my problems with the ending . It just was not plausible , especially considering the realism of this movie . Ask yourself , `` How dumb is this guy ? '' But overall , this is an interesting and original independent picture . Pick it up.Addendum
 I finally found a copy of this video . I watched it at the Pearl Harbor Memorial and always wanted a copy without paying $ 29 for each . Glad i looked here .
 This show was very informative about what happened there , I hope they make more info DVDs about this place ... Keep up the hard wok ...
 Through the use of survivor interviews viewers are able to connect on a high level to the events in Pearl Harbor . The survivors stories become personal.It inspires further research of the topic of the small Japanese subs . This is a personal favorite !
 This is a good American history lesson with NBC Anchor Tom Brokaw . There are many rare footage for this sneak attack which was well planned and coordinated . Why Uncle Sam failed all the warning and intelligence ? Japan tried hard in crippling the American Asian Fleet and swept through their invasion and occupation of South-East Asia.Japan had manufactured the September 18 1931 Incident to attack and occupy China and eventually waged a full scale war by July 7 1937 with an excuse . China endured the brutal atrocities of Rape of Nanking and later germ/chemical warfare . China engaged Japan in her massive continent alone and prevented their dream of joining forces with Nazi Germany in Middle East to enslave the world.The 1942 April Doolittle raid on Tokyo was encouraging news . But the Bataan Death March and hell ship killed many American POWs . The surviving POWs were enslaved in coal mine as hard labor in violation of Geneva Conventions with poor nutrition and no medical care.This year will be 70th Commemoration of this attack . Our former POWs still suffered physical and mental problems without the sincere apology and compensation . This former enemy and now ally did not have the courage and moral to restore our veterans the dignity and honor.Forgetting history will doom to repeat itself . Shall we keep alert to prevent another Tora ! Tora ! Tora !?
 The attack on Pearl Harbor occurred three years before I was born , so it seemed distant and unreal until I watched `` Pearl Harbor
 This was a pleasure to buy . The experience was wonderful . Thanks for taking the time to take care of me as a customer.John
 Impressive President Roosevelt address and Decalaration of War at Congress , on 8 , Dec ,1941 , pull out American Patiotism as `` Remember Pearl Habour '' . The real scences of National Geographic was wonderful footage ofblackish oil coverd crew 's buring inthe oil coverd sea ! massiveexplosion following fire and sinking of aklahoma , West Virginia , California , Nevada and Arizona -LRB- especially half-sunk with died 1,000 crews , Now , it became Arizona Memorial , encraved names of died Arizona Battleship -RRB- Retrospecyivly Must be rememberd Military situations were as following ; Japanese missed 1 -RRB- Losted main objects -- 3 USN.Carriers , Enterprise , Lexinton , and Saratoga -- Incomplete Attack of CO.of Japanese 1st Fllet , Adm. Nagmo .2 -RRB- Missing attack of Oil Resoervior Tanks of Hawaii.American side
 This video does an excellent job of telling the story of the Pearl Harbor Attack by using actual footage as well as testimonials of survivors . Again , National Geographic has solicited the help of Dr. Robert Ballard in hopes of finding a sunken Japanese midget submarine which tried to enter the harbor during the attack . Dr. Ballard has been featrued in other National Geographic videos dealing with the search for the U.S.S. Yorktown , the German Battleship Bismarck , and the ships of Ironbottom Sound . I own all of these other videos and I particularly enjoy Ballard 's approach to finding sunken ships , so I was anxious to see how he would do in his search for the Japanese submarine . Survivors of the U.S.S. Ward , an American destroyer on patrol on December 7 , 1941 , are interviewed in this video . Their ship was the actual one which fired on and sank the sub that Ballard is searching for . I have always enjoyed the way that National Geographic has blended together the actual war footage along with the stories of the survivors , and this video keeps up the tradition . Perhaps my favorite part of this video was seeing the first images taken from inside the U.S.S. Arizona . It was really someting special to see . I would highly recommend this video to anyone who enjoys underwater adventures as well as Pearl Harbor readers/viewers .
 I viewed this documentary two nights ago and was deeply impressed by the work done here . Tom Brokaw does an excellent job of narrating . The search for one of the midget Japanese subs was a nice addition to this piece . Listening to the accounts of the survivors make this NG piece so poignant and heartfelt . Words simply can not do justice to this superb documentary . I will be viewing this DVD again and again .
 Words can not describe the emotional impact of seeing veterans of the Pearl Harbor attack tell their stories , of lost friends , of survival , of their families back home . Completely incredible video of the interior of Arizona . I consider myself a big , strong `` he-man '' who does n't get emotional about such things as the endings of movies and television shows . But my wife and I found ourselves with tears in our eyes watching this tape , to the point of sobbing . This is much more than just a documentary . ... it 's worth at least double the price . Buy this tape if you care anything at all about Pearl Harbor , World War II , history in general or if you 're simply fascinated by ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances .
 Another very impressive documentary by director , Kirk Wolfinger , director of other shows such as `` To the Moon '' and `` Hitler 's Lost Sub '' . `` Pearl Harbor - Legacy of Attack '' is an eye-watering and incredible mix of stories from the soldiers at the harbor , to the loved ones at home , to the depths of the Japanese mini-submarines and their commanders to the quest of a salvage research team in search of the alleged sunken Japanese mini-sub , supposedly to have been hit by an American Naval artillary shot . Maybe America fired the first shot of The Attack on Pearl Harbor after all . A film that we can all relate to since September 11 .
 Robert Ballard 's search for the Japanese sub fired upon by the Ward an hour before the attack on Pearl Harbor and the promise of the first look inside the sunken USS Arizona may be the featured selling points for this wonderful National Geographic special , but it is the personal stories of Pearl Harbor survivors that makes this a moving , incredibly rewarding video experience . This special , hosted by Tom Brokaw , was filmed to coincide with the 60th anniversary of the reprehensible sneak attack , and it is definitely one of the most impressive Pearl Harbor documentaries I have seen.The video deals almost as much with the present as it does the past , switching back and forth between then and now in a pattern which basically takes you through the overall sequence of events on the day that will forever live in infamy . Personally , I could have done with much less footage of Ballard 's search for the Japanese midget sub ; it 's certainly interesting , but the search fails to provide us with any important new information . The footage taken by robotic vehicles from inside the Arizona was also interesting ; this was , after all , the first time the interior of the ill-fated battleship has been seen since the morning of December 7 , 1941 . I wo n't quibble very much about the description and footage of the attack . Obviously , this one video could not go into all of the tragic events of that day , but it does offer a good overview of the situation , does great honor to those who died that Sunday morning as well as those who survived , and gives mention to several facts that are n't mentioned all that often - e.g. , the fact that a sub was spotted approaching Pearl Harbor four hours before the attack -LRB- and three hours before a second sub was sighted and fired upon by the Ward -RRB- . It also describes the senseless positioning of naval forces on that morning , making US ships and planes sitting ducks to the overpowering air attack . It does not go so far as to cast blame or ask who knew what in advance , but it does drive home the point that Japanese forces gave themselves away three times in the hours preceding the attack , but no action of any kind was taken by anyone on Oahu . It should not be a secret by now , of course , that the depth of the disaster that day had as much to do with American military incompetence as it did the actual Japanese attack.The heart of Pearl Harbor , though , is the stories of the victims and the survivors , and this documentary does a great service to all those young men and women . Personal stories of bravery , such as that of Dorie Miller , are told , but these are far surpassed in emotional terms by a number of personal stories of victims - these are stories some men carried with them for decades , and few can relate them now without shedding tears of horror and heartbreak . One survivor had come to Pearl Harbor for the first time in six decades , finally opening up and telling his story because he knew he had only a few months to live . All of those men who suffered and died must never be forgotten , and they must never be relegated to mere numbers . Hearing the personal stories of survivors , no matter how horrible the things they describe witnessing , brings the importance of every individual soul lost that fateful day into the proper perspective . I daresay there are very few men and women who can watch this National Geographic special without becoming emotional themselves - it is a powerful presentation that I think every American should see .
 Nobody who has been to Pearl Harbor and the ` Arizona ' memorial is untouched by the experience . I had always wanted to visit it since I was a child , and finally did so in 2002 . Even after all the planning and anticipation , it was still far more emotional and moving that I could have imagined . This DVD is like that , too , although on a smaller scale . Even if you have read about Pearl Harbor , this documentary still has the power to draw tears to the eyes of viewers.The DVD is multifaceted . In part it showcases Bob Ballard and his quest for a Japanese midget sub . That is interesting enough , but that is n't the real attraction of the documentary . The more important part of the film are images of the December 7 , 1941 attack , the haunting footage of the ` Arizona ' as she is now -LRB- including unbelievable interior shots -RRB- , and most powerfully of all , the interviews with Pearl Harbor survivors . There are also some interactive maps , a behind the scenes feature and extended survivor interviews as bonus features.I really must emphasize the importance of the survivor interviews . These interviews are unstructured , and they tell the audience what they think is important . It is all important . I ca n't imagine that anyone can listen to these men recount their experiences without feeling a huge debt of gratitude to them . They are true American heroes . This DVD is about sacrifice and the things that are good about the United States . It is hard to watch what they went through , but it is important that we never forget.Buy this DVD and remember the lessons of Pearl Harbor .
 I gave Pearl Harbour to my Dad last week for his 74th birthday , and when I spoke to my mum this evening he was watching it again , for eighth time . Quoting my father
 I got this video as a part of a three DVD National Geographic set of WWII related topics . What interested me the most about this video was the combination of original film with elderly veterans giving a first person account of what they experienced at Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 . There is a third aspect to this DVD having to do with a modern underwater search for a sunken Japanese mini-sub . There were times that this story was somewhat interesting but mostly it interfered with the rest of the program . As I understand it , this search was the reason that the National Geographic took on this project . If so , I guess this documentary had to give that search SOME coverage . However , I would have preferred more of the interviews and the the original film of the attack and its ' aftermath . History is presented well in `` Pearl Harbor ; Legacy of Attack '' and it is aided by the excellent narration of Tom Brokaw . Overall I give this DVD a `` 4.5 '' but it could have been a `` 5 '' .
 I have n't seen this copy , so I do n't know if they will publish this review , but I already have the movie . The almost-ten-minute wagon train scene near the beginning is priceless . It 's constantly , slowly moving and done so well you really get the feel for what such a trip must have been like . A variety of people from that era are characterized rather well for a B western . There is tragedy at the beginning which leads to Mona Barry doing a rendition of `` Rock of Ages '' acapella which , along with her short commentary about herself after , will break your heart . I 've never heard anything like it . Tears flow every time I watch it . Great stuff Mona , wherever you are.Again Buck gets to hold a baby and call him `` little shaver '' . I love that . Buck does a solid job as always . This was his last movie before dying in the Cocoanut Grove fire in ' 42 . The story line is good and there is the occasional nifty quote - `` I 've got to hand it to you Easterners , you sure are slick with the brain-power '' is my favorite.This version probably follows Alpha 's usual quality standards . Hey , at least they are putting them out there , so I give them full credit for that . Many of these movies would never be seen by a large number of us if it was n't for them . Hey , Alpha , why do n't you start a Digitally Remastered division and make this your first one . The audio and video of this 70 minute B Western epic simply cry out for digital enhancement.Whatever the quality , for Buck and especially for the wagon train scene and Mona Barry 's `` Rock of Ages '' , I 'm giving it 5 stars.Gospel
 VCI Entertainment and Monogram Pictures present `` Dawn of the Great Divide '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- -LRB- digitally remastered -RRB- , although The Rough Riders had a short run , they turned out some of the best B-Westerns ever to grace the Saturday Matinee screen ... our story is the final of eight in the Rough Riders series is a better than average oater ... Buck Jones -LRB- Buck Roberts -RRB- and Raymond Hatton -LRB- Sandy Hopkins -RRB- continue with the same characterization ... Tim McCoy was placed on active duty in WWII , replaced by Rex Bell -LRB- Jack Carson -RRB- as the third member of the trio ... Buck and Sandy are leading a wagon train loaded with railroad supplies to expand the West ... our favorite villain Harry Woods with Roy Barcroft , Robert Frazer , I. Stanford Jolley , Reed Howes and Bud Osborne are up to no good ... disguised as Indians during the attacks they plan to stop Buck at all costs ... the three Buck , Sandy and Rex Bell are working undercover and have the situation well in hand , if you do n't believe it check with the Monogram executives who are already counting the receipts for this over the top oater ... just remember double thrills , chills , mystery and suspense ... hitting the bull 's eye with excitement ... do n't miss any of the Rough Riders features loaded with action that will leave you wanting more of his B-Western adventures ... this would be the last of the Rough Rider series as Buck Jones died tragically in a fire in the infamous Coconut Grove , Boston in November , 1942 before this film was released.Under director Howard P. Bretherton , producer Scott R. Dunlap , original short story `` Wheels of Fate '' by James Oliver Curwood , screenplay by Jess Bowers ... the cast include Buck Jones -LRB- Marshal Buck Roberts -RRB- , Raymond Hatton -LRB- Sandy Hopkins -RRB- , Rex Bell -LRB- Jack Carson -RRB- , Mona Barrie -LRB- Sadie Rand -RRB- , Terry Wallace -LRB- Terry Wallace -RRB- , Maude Eburne -LRB- Sarah Harkins -RRB- , Chrstine McIntyre -LRB- Mary Harkins , Sarah 's Daughter -RRB- , Harry Woods -LRB- Jim Corkle/the Judge 's Brother -RRB- , Robert Frazer -LRB- Judge Corkle -RRB- , Betty Blythe -LRB- Mrs. Elmira Corkle -RRB- , Tristram Coffin -LRB- Jack Rand -RRB- , Roy Barcroft -LRB- Chuck Loder -RRB- , I. Stanford Jolley -LRB- Ed/henchman -RRB- , Reed Howes -LRB- Stevens/henchman -RRB- , Bud Osborne -LRB- Stoney -RRB- , Dennis Moore -LRB- Tony Corkle -RRB- , Silver -LRB- Buck Jones , wonder horse -RRB- ... special footnote , actor / producer Buck Jones made over 164 feature films beginning with `` Western Blood '' -LRB- 1918/Silent -RRB- with a bit part ... Jones final film was `` Dawn on the Great Divide '' -LRB- 1942 -RRB- ... with his famed horse `` Silver : , Jones was one of the most successful and popular B-Western actors of the '20s , '30s and '40s , at one time receiving more fan mail than any actor in the world ... was inducted into the Hall of Great Western Performers of the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum in 1973 ... second special footnote actor Tim McCoy in real life was a sharpshooter and famed for his fast draw ... was an expert on the Old West also an authority on Indian folklore could converse in Indian sign language ... McCoy was inducted into the `` Hall of Great Western Performers of the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum '' in 1973 , also inducted into `` The Cowboy Hall of Fame '' in 1974 . ... . final special footnote , one of my favorite character actors was Johnny Mack 's sidekick Raymond Hatton -LRB- 1887-1971 -RRB- as Marshall Sandy Hopkins who appeared from 1943 and made 45 films for Monogram Pictures ... Hatton who first appeared on film in `` Tragic Love '' -LRB- 1909-Silent/unconfirmed -RRB- , `` Oliver Twist '' -LRB- 1917 -RRB- , `` The Hunchback of Notre Dame -LRB- 1923 -RRB- , `` The Squaw Man '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , `` Law and Order '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- ... during the '30s & '40s he played the comical sidekick for Johnny Mack Brown and Bob Livingston ... went on to join Buck Jones and Tim McCoy in the `` Rough Riders '' series ... Hatton worked right up to his last film `` In Cold Blood '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- ... meanwhile this is an exciting Rough Riders western provided by Monogram Pictures during their heyday of the early '40s . SPECIAL FEATURES : BIOS :1 . Buck Jones -LRB- aka
 had he lived , from the few films of his i have seen , mr. jones would have been a household name by the 50 's ! sadly he would die brfore the release of this , his best film western to date . the rough riders were the group he lead as the rode the west righting wrongs and chaseing the bad guys.this transfer looks good and the sound is very crisp.as a foot note mr.jones was more than a movie hero , he died in the coconut grove club fire in 1942 , having gotten to the door mr.jones went back and began to pull people out , on his third trip back in he never came back out.sometimes movies ca n't do justice to what a real hero does . buck jones - a hero in everyway a man can be .
 This is a low budget slasher movie that is light on slashing and blood . A dangerous man escapes from a mental institution with about as much security as an elementary school . We do n't see his face . The security man at the institute nicknamed `` ski mask '' goes out to find the psycho . We do n't know what he looks like either . Meanwhile there is a subplot of a woman going on a blind date.Note the diploma on the doctor 's wall
 If you 're read some the other reviews here , you may notice I was intially a bit skeptical of Olive Films , having not been familiar with them until now . Well , I 'm happy to report that the company -LRB- actually a part of Paramount , it turns out -RRB- did a fine job with this mostly-forgotten Jack Arnold drive-in sci-fi film . While it is true that a 50 + year old low-budget film , even in 1080p , will never have the shine of a recent film shot in high definition , The Space Children is , for the most part , remarkably clear.The film itself concerns an alien being taking possession of the children of some rocket scientists . While the film 's promotional materials played up the otherworldly menace , the story itself is actually fairly subdued . This is science fiction that favors talking over action , and although there are some nifty effects , they are sparingly used . The film 's anti-war message places it in the company ofThe Day the Earth Stood Still -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- rather than the typical alien-invasion films of the period.As the title of the review states , this is a `` bare bones '' video release . All you get is the movie . Which is a shame , because there is a great theatrical trailer that can be easily found on the internet . And director Jack Arnold was a generally well-liked and prolific genre filmmaker , so a featurette or even trailers from his other films would have been a nice touch . But as someone who collects and adores films of this type , I consider it a minor miracle that a Blu-ray release of `` The Space Children '' ever saw the light of day . So for that , I am grateful . And I 'm most satisfied to see that Olive Films is a company that cares about these old films.Bottom line
 Producer William Alland and Director Jack Arnold were responsible for some of the best and most innovative Science Fiction films of the fifties . Olive Films has released an underrated gem which happens to be Arnold 's Sci-Fi swan song , 1958 's ` THE SPACE CHILDREN ' into the digital age . A beautiful anti war statement made when this type of film was few and far between at that time , it emerges as Arnold 's most personal film . Never has his use of landscapes been more realized . Just as he used the desert as his tableau in ` IT CAME FROM OUTER SPACE ' -1953 and ` TARANTULA ' -1956 , he surpasses his water and underground cavern settings of his masterpiece ` THE CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON ' -1954 by placing his alien visitor in a cave within walking distance of the ocean causing the setting to be calm yet menacing in each frame brilliantly realized by photographer Ernest Laszlo . The performances by the children are excellent and even the adults are shown in different lights by being shown the errors of their ways . The icing on the cake is the eerie music score by Van Cleve who also graced Director Eugene Lourie 's ` THE COLOSSUS OF NEW YORK ' the same year . It emerges as a poignant children 's fable predating the menacing alien-invasion-by-children thriller Director Wolf Rilla 's ` VILLAGE OF THE DAMNED ' -1960 and its sequel , Director Anton Leader 's ` CHILDREN OF THE DAMNED ' -1963 . The transfer is stunning with a beautiful 1.85 transfer which is just as good as the BLU-RAY release and has an original trailer as its only extra . Highly recommended and kudos once again to Olive Films for excavating this underrated film to Sci-Fi Fans of all ages .
 I really liked this movie . The picture quality was very good and so was the sound . I noticed a very familiar monster . It looked like the Horta in a Star Treck show . It was the usual 1950 `` s drive in movie . But I really love these movies .
 `` except ye become as little children , ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven . '' -LRB- St.Matthew , Ch . 18 , v. 3 -RRB- This is a William Alland production . You remember his productions.Such unforgettables as : Citizen KaneThe Devil and Daniel WebsterIt Came from Outer Space -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- Creature from the Black LagoonThis Island EarthTarantulaThe Deadly MantisAnd many more.This one is a toughie to find.There is a nice spooky movie credits however it 's missing the obligatory sci-fi introduction narrative.The U.S. is about to launch a hydrogen bomb satellite to protect up from the other side . The other side may already have done so . Someone or something has other plans and a unique ally.Sandy Descher plays Eadie Johnson ; here she gets to talk instead of just screaming `` Them ! `` A little deviation on this review . Looking at the trailer that the family lives in on the beach I noticed the glass louvers on the door . Back in the 60s after school I had a job manufacturing the glass louvers . It brings back old times .
 Almost unknown semi-classic from Jack Arnold , responsible for some of the ' 50 's best sci-fi classics such as CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON , INCREDIBLE SHRINKING MAN , IT CAME FROM OUTER SPACE and TARANTULA . A worthy edition to these films .
 thank you for fast shipping of this movie this old black and white movie is about children been taken over by space aliens they are under control and do what they are told to do.thank you
 This is not about kids in space , but Jack Arnold , borrowing a page about telepathy from Roger Corman , fashions a wonderfully poetic and atmospheric film ; a visual delight that you seem to feel as well as watch . It made my day to discover this is slated for Blu-ray and if you are a boomer , you 've got a smile on your face already . Do it right , Olive . We know you have it in you .
 This is a timeless classic which every afficionado of the 70s or Key West should own . The visuals and cinematography are stunning and they convey a certain sense of nostalgia for a bygone era . This is also amongst the first documentaries that captures the environmental spirit and dangers that haphazardous fishing can cause.Most of the film is rather zen , with beautiful slow motion spreads of the Tarpon as they jump out of the water . Interlaced with those moments , you have interviews with various famous fishermen and literary minds and shots of the life and culture of Key West . The deep Floridian accents can be a little hard to follow at times , but one ca n't help but appreciate the charming sense of contentment with their surroundings the main protagonists display.One particularly powerful scene displays a contrast between the style of life these fishermen and friends live in , and the beginning of the commercial touristy aspects of Key West.Aside from that , the film is very nicely timed in the sense that its not too long and not too short and at the end of the day , one is left with a deeply satisfying experience that is n't spoiled by any modern holywood tradeoffs or forced political messages .
 Previously only available as a grainy VHS tape made from a chopped up television broadcast , this film has been a cult classic among flyfishermen and literary types for decades , more talked about than seen . Now , at last ! , it is available to all , in glorious color and sound , functioning as a time machine back to a Key West that no longer exists with a cast of literary icons when their careers were just beginning . The film is beautifully filmed and edited , with a high energy soundtrack by Jimmy Buffet that should keep the Parrotheads buzzing for weeks . Tarpon contains the only known footage of the late Richard Brautigan , poet and novelist , and has terrific sequences featuring fellow writers Jim Harrison , Tom McGuane and Guy de la Valdene , all of whom have gone on to the stuff of greatness . Catch and release fly fishing for tarpon and other saltwater fish was in its infancy in the early seventies , the filmmakers accurately capture the mood and spirit of the times and document sustainable fishing practices long before current fashion . Highly recommended !
 Really well-done film on flyfishing for tarpon in the Florida Keys in the 1970s . Contrasted with brief footage of standard , bloody sportsfishing . Some spectacular footage , with no talking , of tarpon leaping out of the watter . Some footage of conversations with writers Jim Harrison , Tom McQuane and Richard Brautigan . A classic !!
 While it is not in the same format/level as some of todays stellar fly fishing films , but this is a great tarpon movie and a step back into 70s Key West . They do a great job of showing how the island looked , guides of the day , plenty of tarpon shots , and even a look at some of the other fishing techniques of the day . I felt as if I had stepped back in time with this flick .
 Incredible documentary film . The guys that put this thing together were way ahead of their time , both in film production and conservation ideals . Jimmy Buffett supplies the soundtrack , which will bring tears to they eyes of any Buffett enthusiast . If you like well filmed 1970s shallow water fly fishing , paired with older Buffett recordings , this film is a must have .
 As the back cover states , this film is like the fish itself - a work of art . Set in a time -LRB- early 1970 's -RRB- and place -LRB- Key West -RRB- that many consider to be the `` real Florida '' -LRB- i.e. , Paradise Lost -RRB- , this film is a funky classic that captures the essence of tarpon fishing on the fly . The cinematography is magnificent and the main characters include three of the top American literary talents of the late twentieth century all of whom share a sense of the quasi-religous experience that is tarpon on the fly . The film closes with a compliation of tarpon aerial displays that is reminisenct of the climax of a high end fireworks show - truly worth the price of admission .
 I was there for most of the filming hanging out with Jimmy B and crew ... Vaughn Cochran and I were asked to play a little tune on autoharp and washboard ... Vaughn went on to become the original Coral Reefer !!
 Neon is an exciting dancer with an amazingly precise and clear teaching technique . She is one of my absolute all time favorites . Unfortunately she does n't do tours or workshops , so I am happy that I can see her work on DVD . I find Instant Bellydancer 1 very useful , and I 've just purchased Instant Bellydancer 2 . Both DVDs are dictionaries of belly dance movement . There is a lot of material that builds on the basics such as combinations , transitions and drills . With Neon everything is system based , you get a very clear explanation of the technique for each and every step plus you get to understand how different movements are related and therefore how they can be combined.Instant Bellyedancer 2 is devoted mostly to hip isolations and combinations and it is superb ! Neon is an expert teacher , actually she does the best job of teaching beginners I 've ever seen . She explains things in such a simple yet articulate way that even if you are only half-listening you will get it right . She wo n't let you get away with mushy travel steps or unfinished figure 8s ! You think a `` crash course '' is a gimmick until you actually experience her teaching style.Here is what you will find on Insatnt Bellydancer 2 : HORIZONTAL SLIDES each of the sections below consists of basic technique , combinations , and a practice session . For every hips isolation you get a few different travel steps using that isolation , some of them rather challenging.Hip push , slide , Chest slideShoulder accents and shimmiesHips twists and swivel shimmyReview -LRB- a practice session that includes all the above moves and combinations , some new and some from the practice sessions above -RRB- VERTICAL SLIDES same here , every section below has basic technique , combinations , and a practice sessionVertical hip slidesUp-down hip shimmyVertical hip slides with a twist -LRB- including arabic hip walk -RRB- Upward and downward arc hip slidesReview -LRB- a practice session that includes all the moves and combinations above , some new and some from the practice sessions -RRB- LIFTS AND DROPS same structure in each section -LRB- basic technique , combinations , and a practice session -RRB- Hip lift and drop1-Hip twistChest lift and dropPelvic drops and locksReview -LRB- practice session that includes all the moves and combinations above , some new and some from the practice sessions -RRB- ARCS same structure,Front-back upward arc -LRB- hips -RRB- and front-side-back upward arcFront-back downward arc and front-side-back downward arcReview -LRB- a practice session that includes all the moves and combinations above , some new and some from the practice sessions -RRB- There are also two other menu items : Practice 1 plays all the practice sessions for each move together . It 's an amazing 50 minutes of drills and combinations!Practice 2 is all the Review sections combined into one class . It 's more challanging than Practice 1 because there are no isolations drills , it 's only combinations so it moves much faster , but it 's only aboyt 10 minutes
 This workout is the first video bellydance workout I have purchased . I recently began weekly lessons and I find the video has helped me with extra practice . In the video , Neon 's moves are easy to see , she has a great body which is motivating as well . Her routines progress in order of difficulty so by the time she gets to explaining '' arcs '' your abs will definately be warmed up . She refers to her first video workout a few times , as she puts a few moves in that are not covered in this one , but I did not find it a problem . There are a few steps I found more difficult , but it was not discouraging as everytime I do the video , it is easier . I intend to buy her first one very soon . For me , this video has helped me mainly breaking down the moves into precise steps , which is different from my formal class . Since I have not done any other bellydance videos , I have nothing to compare it to , but I feel my dancing has become more fluid and relaxed since I began this video . I recommend it .
 I have the first Volume and I found them easy to view and practice with . It has helped me greatly with my dance moves and provides a great workout for me . I give it two thumbs up !
 However , I believe the price is kind of high and I found it at -LSB- ... -RSB- You can imagine how mad I got after seeing that :-LRB- Also , if you want to be successful at bellydancing ... a DVD is not enough , no matter how good it is ... This DVD is useful , but you need to take a class to improve ... Also , the DVD is far more useful if you really make time for it ... which means ... practice every day or at least 2/week ... That has been my problem ... it 's hard to find time for everything ...
 informative video . jesse james is entertaining in how he shows how to do things.if you enjoyed monster garage or any of jesses past tv shows youll like this one .
 Travolta has played a variety of roles which shows his acting range . This one as an impish angel puts me in that `` feel good '' mood . I 've always liked his dancing roles and this one showcases his dancing skills . The supporting actors were well cast . Put this movie on when you feel down .
 John Travolta plays this role perfectly . The scene with the bull is hilarious , and then the scene with the dog is awesome ! This man can dance , dance , and dance .
 A truly heartwarming tale of a sprit trying to rise . I think it 's trying . I also think it 's a warm uplifting . The choir of frogs is cute , and I willhappiliy listen to them anytine .
 This movie is funfilled and cute . In my opinion , one of Travolta 's best . I would n't call it a movie about religion . It 's just a movie about angels , one angel to be precise . And boy is he a character ! So unexpected . There are parts that made me cry and a lot that made me laugh .
 Michael is a story with a touch of almost everything . In places it is comical , you see real love and passion , fantasy , sadness , fun , dramas that gives the audience quite an all-round enjoyable viewing experience .
 My husband wanted Michael if I ever found it on DVD . I saw this item and knew that it was a good movie . It shows love , compassion and understanding . Good for all
 This is a great heart-warming movie and is also very funny at times .
 Frank Quinlan -LRB- William Hurt -RRB- is a writer for a grate American institution , a tabloid . His assignment , to retrieve an angle . He is burdened with a so-called angle expert -LRB- Andie MacDowell -RRB- for his assistance . They also carry the editor 's favorite dog Sparky.Because the angle does not like to fly they must return by road . Their road trip is more of a Joseph Campbell 's `` Hero 's Journey '' . Michael experiences the world and everything it has to offer , while the retrievers explain , contemplate and hopefully heal from the past.City of Angels -LRB- Snap Case -RRB- ~ Nicolas Cage
 Sadly , the DVD does not contain the special features I had hoped for like deleted scenes or a commentary ... but that does n't detract from the movie which , I think , could n't be more perfect . Do you already love Michael ? Then buy this movie for your collection just to have . Andie McDowell singing about Miles , Ralph and Bradley is worth the price of the DVD all by itself .
 A fantasy in grunge . Travolta is good , Hurt is good , they are all good , and the end product is fun to watch . Not challenging or intellectual but able to entertain comfortably . I would recommend it to most any adult .
 man , this is a very heart warming movie about an angle named Michael . he 's not your typical angel though . he smokes and is very interested in woman.but he is also very passionate about Earth and this happens to be his last hurrah on Earth , as only 26 visits are allowed.this is a very very heart warming movie and John Travolta is magnificant!my favorite part is when he sees the bull at the Biggest Ball of Twine and inhales and says , `` Battle '' . he battles the bull and is completely happy.overall , this is just a good movie .
 This thoughtful movie has much appeal which includes fantasy , reality and affection . It is good to see a movie with a happy ending and one that leaves you thinking ... John Travolta even manages to include his ever-popular dance steps which only he can do.A must buy for your VHS shelf !
 Once in a great while , a great film appears . Michael is one of those GREAT films.If you do n't `` GET '' it the first time -- watch it again ... and watch it again , until you DO `` get '' it.Be prepared to tap your toe to the music , to keep on truckin ' , to learn from your mistakes and to share your handkerchief with YOUR angel.Thanks , Michael .
 No one is perfect , however , we here may try to be too perfect.An angel on Earth is all they can be with love , hope , and charity . The movie MICHAEL shows us that even an angel does NOTneed to be Perfect . God and Love and Respect can cover a lot ofground even here on Earth.Thanks.Amen
 Yes , he could , but in Michael , he is just so awesome . An angel , but not your typical haloed angel , but just a regular-Joe type . He is truly funny as Michael and the supporting cast are great . Definitely a hit , and a very well directed , produced film . Michael will make you laugh and leave you with a just overall good feeling about things . Kick back and enjoy .
 John never fails to deliver . This movie was funny and entertaining . I 'm a Travolta fan and have been watching his movies for many years .
 Ah ! Mr. Travolta , Michael the angel , what a hoot ! A dancing , joking , drinking , smoking , influential being - with a heart of goodness .
 The video came as described and plays flawlessly . I trust the descriptions enough to purchase used with confidence for a low cost dose of entertainment .
 It 's been around quite awhile , but has always been one of my favorites . Some people think it 's corny , but I think it 's a feel good movie .
 Has to be one of John Travoltas 's greatest . The whole movie is good , even when he 's not in it . I love it , will watch it over and over .
 If you are a John Travolta fan you will enjoy his spin on heavenly bodies .
 John Travolta is so endearing in this movie . Just an all around feel good movie !
 The entire cast is great , but Travolta is wonderful as the unconventional angel . The film is humorous , romantic , thoughtful and appealing.Nora Ephron movies are always good .
 John Travolta was absolutely wonderful in this movie . He truly can play any part given . Very entertaining movie .
 One of the only movies I 've ever purchased . The story is enjoyable and uplifting . Everyone is cast perfectly ... even the dog .
 Is John Travolta the devil ? I think we 'd all agree to that . But certainly one rung below him has to be Nora Ephron . This film will take you places you 've never had any desire to go . A plot that 's thinner than Lara Flynn Boyle and a slew of self-referential and smug performances will make you shake your head in bewilderment and sadness.How long did it take to write this screenplay ? 30 minutes ? And I bet it took 10 minutes to come up with the inspired title . If I 'm ever lucky enough to meet Ms. Ephron I 'm going to ask her to never write or direct again . Because like when you go camping , you should leave the area as good as it was or even a little better ... and Ms. Ephron has left the world a little worse off because of her films.And for all of you who want this in widescreen ... are you sadists ? If I ever have to watch this train wreck of a movie again I hope it 's on a screen on the tip of a needle .
 Travolta at his best . I think of this movie every time I smell cookies or have to choose a flavor of pie .
 John Travolta 's great in this movie . I like fun movies and for the most part that is what this movie is . It ends well , even if Micheal does leave .
 Had the movie on VCR some time ago . The premise is far fetched
 I just happen to love this story . Guess it is a fairy tale but we all need one from time to time .
 Good image quality and no buffering noted when playing the movie . It was well worth the cost of the rental .
 I would recommend this movie to all I come in contact with . It 's funny and any age can watch this movie .
 Funny , uplifting sow everyone can enjoy with the entire family . Funny , uplifting sow everyone can enjoy with the entire family .
 John Travolta makes this movie come alive . Great supporting cast and awesome story line . Captivates you and holds your interest for the entire movie .
 I cry every time I watch it ! If you 've never seen this movie , I highly recommend it ! One of my very favorites of all time !
 This is a great movie , and like all great movies , it should be available the way the director meant it to be seen , in WIDESCREEN . I do n't know what the studios are thinking when they only release full screen editions , but soon or later everyone is going to own a rectangular screen , and wish they had widescreen movies . I wo n't buy this great feel good movie until it 's released in widescreen . Studios , take note !
 The only thing wrong with this DVD is the aspect ! It should be widescreen . If you agree , be sure to say so . Perhaps with enough response we 'll get a new release .
 Director Nora Ephron , whose forte is romantic comedy , takes a slightly different tack with this comedy/drama , which is certainly romantic , but with a bit of a twist ; because this one relies somewhat on divine intervention as the means by which some people who have seemingly lost their way are finally steered in the right direction . Or `` a '' direction , at least ; for when it comes to life and love , who really knows ? And the real question is , does it make a difference if you believe in angels ? A possible answer lies in Ephron 's entertaining and ultimately touching film , `` Michael , '' in which she asks you to be a believer ; and if you can , it 'll loose the magic upon the screen and you 'll be treated to a satisfying cinematic experience , courtesy of Ephron 's insights into human nature and a guy who just may or may not be one of those most ecclesiastical of creatures , an angel.When Frank Quinlan -LRB- William Hurt -RRB- , a reporter for a national tabloid based in Chicago , gets a letter from a woman in Iowa named Pansy Milbank -LRB- Jean Stapleton -RRB- , who claims that an angel has been living with her for the past six months , Frank 's editor , Vartan Malt -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- , dispatches him forthwith to the woman 's residence , the Milk Bottle Inn -LRB- which she owns -RRB- , to check it out . Accompanying him is fellow reporter Huey Driscoll -LRB- Robert Pastorelli -RRB- , and a newcomer to the team , Dorothy Winters -LRB- Andie MacDowell -RRB- , who is supposedly an `` expert '' on angels . What they expect to find when they get there is anybody 's guess , but if it 's someone with a halo and the proverbial `` inner light , '' they are about to be sorely disappointed ; because when they finally meet Michael -LRB- John Travolta , complete with wings -- but are they real ? -RRB- , he 's , well , as Michael tells them right off , himself , `` I 'm not that kind of angel -- '' And for Frank , Dorothy and Huey , it 's the beginning of a journey of sorts , as they endeavor to take Michael back to Chicago with them , hoping to learn all they can about him along the way . But , more importantly , learning some things about themselves -- and each other -- at the same time.By due process and by citing previous works of excellence -- like `` Sleepless In Seattle '' and `` You 've Got Mail '' -- Ephron can stake a claim to the territorial rights of Matters-of-the-Heart stories and win , hands down . Wry and subtle observations on love and relationships are her trademark ; she knows how to make her characters and situations credible , and moreover , how to present it all in such a way that it makes a real connection with her audience . She makes it look easy , but make no mistake , there 's a fine art to what she does . The fact that she can not only entertain , but touch her audiences in film after film , clearly demonstrates that she 's got what it takes to create and deliver a movie with some real substance , coated as it may be with some light-hearted sentiment -LRB- just call it the icing on the cake , if you will -RRB- . And a big part of her success comes from knowing what makes her characters tick , and making them people with whom the audience can identify and relate . Even when the story is a little bit quirky and just slightly off-center , as is the case with this film.John Travolta as an angel ? Well , make that an `` Arch `` angel , and not just any old Archangel ; this is Michael , the very same angel who fought Beelzebub and cast him -LRB- so he claims -RRB- from Heaven . And , as embodied by Travolta , this is Michael , the warrior , who exists to do battle with any enemy and put matters to right -- and Travolta makes it work by creating an `` angel '' like none you 've ever seen before . His Michael is rather unkempt and slovenly , he smokes and has a penchant for sugar . He also likes to laugh and dance , and he appreciates the wonders and the beauty of the earth . Whoever he is , there 's a depth of humanity there , which Travolta manages to bring to the fore of what turns out to be a rather complex and challenging character . It 's a solid performance by the charismatic Travolta , who makes Michael a truly memorable character , and in turn , a memorable film.Hurt does a good job , as well , as the jaded Frank Quinlan , a guy obviously looking for something , but unaware of what it is , or even that he is , in fact , searching . Hurt successfully captures the laconic essence at the heart of his character , but tempers him with just enough spirit to keep him interesting , and a person who , though not necessarily likable , is one you come to feel is at least salvageable as a human being . In the end , he actually becomes someone you can root for , though initially Frank is rather off-putting . The important thing is , Hurt presents Frank in a way that touches a nerve , and it demonstrates that connection Ephron makes with the audience through her characters.MacDowell gives a strong performance , too , though rather retiring and less than spirited ; but then again , that 's who her character is , and she plays it quite well . Dorothy , like Frank , is a person at a crossroads ; the difference is , she 's lost and she knows it -- and it gives her an endearing quality that gains the sympathy of the audience , and makes her someone for whom you want to see things work out.The supporting cast includes Teri Garr -LRB- Judge Newberg -RRB- , Joey Lauren Adams -LRB- Anita -RRB- , Carla Gugino -LRB- Bride -RRB- , Tom Hodges -LRB- Groom -RRB- and Wallace Langham -LRB- Bruce -RRB- . In the end , whether or not this film makes you believe in angels is a moot point , because `` Michael '' is an engaging film that reaffirms the indomitability of the human spirit . And , if not angels , that is something everyone can believe in , or at least hope for . It 's Nora Ephron 's way of saying that this old world is going to be around for awhile . And it 's good . It is , in fact , the magic of the movies .
 I thoroughly enjoyed John Travolta as a less than perfect Angel . He is believable as something that is not believable . Andie MacDowell is brilliant and charming . William Hurt is classic William Hurt . You do n't need to be religious to enjoy this adventure . A very under rated film !
 This and Phenomenon which also has John Travolta are my favorite `` spiritual '' movies because of the simple yet eccentric tones . This is the kind of angel I can believe in . He is what an angel should be . Fun , and human . Sure beats the fluffy size 5 , flowing dress angels the marketeers push.Not only did I like the adding sugar to sugared cereal , the smoking , the junk food and whoa sexual angel he portrayed but I loved his gentleness and the way all the actors worked together . Jean Stapleton whom many will remember from ALL IN THE FAMILY , William Hurt , and Robert Pastorelli who played the eccentric painter on the MURPHY BROWN series and Andie MacDowell whom I fell in love with in FOUR WEDDINGS AND A FUNERAL all work so well together.There is jaded humor , deep friendship , good Vs evil , optimistic challenges and sadly death . But it was interesting since the death seemed as close to any movie that convinced me that death is life as I have seen . It is also a movie that men as well as women will enjoy .
 Great Movie ! Touching , sweet , funny , and with a message . Live life to the fullest . I watch this and it makes me feel good about the world . John Travolta is so charming in this film . Not an Oscar Worthy film or anything . Just a simple , feel-good movie .
 It says it all ! This is a good movie and it 's fun to watch , but do n't expect the comedy of the year . I think Travolta played a very funny angel who comes to spend a little vacation on earth . This is a quiet little movie . Not really realistic , but it 's a fun , touching little movie and i 'd say , worth to have in a collection !
 Michael is a fantastic , funny , uplifting movie that everyone should see . All the characters are perfectly portrayed.The only request I would make -LRB- hence the 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- is that it be released in wide screen . There are some scenes that are beautifully crafted on film , but are lost in the reformatted version .
 PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE BRING IT OUT IN WIDESCREEN .
 OK . So it was n't a stunningly brilliant movie , but it was funny and hooks you.John Travolta dons the Michael , Archangel garb and wears it the whole movie . Travolta does n't seem to mind looking worn and out of shape nor does he act like we would expect an angel to act . But that 's all right because it creates more humor down the road . William Hurt , Andie MacDowell , and Robert Pastorelli are , at first bemused as the scandal-rag reporters in tow with him then they are startled to find themselves believing that he might be who he claims to be . This causes them to re-think how they feel about each other.Their trip together back to Chicago does n't goes as easy as they thought , but Michael seems to have no problem with their diversions . Whatever trouble he gets them into seems expected by him and over with soon enough.The real story is what does he have planned for the rest of the group . Pretty much formulaic , Nora Ephron directs with a sly touch and delivers a wonderful movie to pass the time with . Though the roles seem small Jean Stapleton and Bob Hoskins have a great time fleshing their characters out and playing them with relish .
 Travolta carries this movie from begining to end in only the way Travolta can . The supporting cast was outstanding also . Note
 This is a lovely little film . While I suppose it might offend some of you religious fundamentalists out there , this is a highly enjoyable film that all normal people should see . It really makes you feel good .
 Now I do n't for an instant classify `` Michael '' as a 5-Star masterpiece as , say , `` Apocalypse Now '' -LRB- the original -RRB- , but it 's definitely a great flick for its genre -LRB- romantic comedy/road movie -RRB- . I do n't know exactly what I was expecting -- another boring ` chick flick ' perhaps -- but `` Michael '' really surprised me . My wife and I had a great time watching it -- lots of laughs and , if you look careful enough , even some profundities.Michael , who is excellently portrayed by John Travolta , is an unorthodox Archangel enjoying his last mission -LRB- vacation ? -RRB- to Earth . A supermarket tabloid from Chicago sends a team to Iowa to get a story and pictures ; after discovering that he 's a real angel they naturally want to bring him back to the big city.What works best is that the story is essentially a fun-spirited road movie -LRB- I 'm a sucker for road movies -RRB- . William Hurt , Andie MacDowell and Robert Patorelli have an exceptional time meeting Michael and trying to escort him back to Chicago . Michael acts like a tourist having the time of his life , humorously wanting to see those silly little ` attractions ' we see dispersed across the countryside -LRB- e.g. `` the world 's biggest non-stick frying pan , '' etc. -RRB- -- you know , the ones most of us adults roll our eyes at.Lots of fun things and miracles take place along the way -LRB- e.g. women are naturally attracted to Michael , bar fight , bull fight , etc. -RRB- ; you should discover them for yourself when watching the film . What struck me the most about Michael is that he had a true spirit of JOY . The simple joy-of-living-itself was all over him ; and this naturally had a big impact on all the people around him . This is something most of us could learn from Michael.I was pleasantly surprised ; `` Michael '' is fun , not just another run-of-the-mill ` chick flick ' -LRB- in other words , guys will enjoy it too -RRB- . Recommended .
 This movie trashes traditional religion , patronizes the Midwest , squeezes laughs out of a dying dog and a sick old woman , scorns marriage and romance and bashes men gleefully . Yet it buys into the notion that angels might really exist.Travolta , who displays his gift for irony and whimsy , plays an unorthodox angel -- a paunchy slob with moth-eaten wings who smokes , hits the bottle and chases women , even as he is on some unspecified angelic assignment in Iowa . Director Nora Ephron shows the humor and power of Michael by having Travolta , perform his Pulp Fiction dance to Aretha Franklin 's `` Chain of Fools . '' In fact , most of the script , by Ephron , her sister Delia and others , displays ingenuity , grace , wit and taste.Hurt , MacDowell , and Pastorelli play cynical tabloid reporters hunting down the hapless angel . The venerable Jean Stapleton offers bright moments as the rambunctious motel owner who discovers Travolta 's powers.Repeat watching will uncover thought provoking subtleties . And of course laughs at our favorite parts -- ` Lines ? I invented lines . Before that people were just walking around ' . -- ` Pies , everybody loves pie ' .
 This needs a SPECIAL EDITION WIDESCREEN release.This movie is a 7.5-8 .0 in my book !!! A GREAT movie that has been over looked by the studios when re-releasing DVD 's !!
 This is a very fun movie and it 's done with comedic feel that works overtime . It 's a feel good movie that most can relate to . I enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone that needs to laugh more , thats most everyone ! John Travolta did it again .
 I think this movie 's sweet backplots are what make it more original than other angel movies . Definitely not a classic , but worth buying .
 This movie is loaded with terrific actors , great music , and it 's a lot of fun . My kids love it , too . I read another review complaining about the fact that it 's a standard-screen format . That 's one of the main reasons that I bought it . I absolutely hate widescreen format and it 's nearly impossible to find good movies with standard format . The ideal situation is the dvd 's that include both - I 'd certainly buy more movies if they included the full-screen format !
 Hi , In the last month I have purchased 5 DVD 's from Amazon . They arrived before the due date and in excellent condition . I was very impressed with the whole operation . I will be purchasing more DVD 's in the future from this company , I highly recommend this company to anyone .
 This movie is worth owning and watching again and again !!!! A happy , sweet , thoughtful and thought provoking movie as well as fun !!!
 John Travolta is very funny as playing the arc angel `` Michael '' with wings and a little of bad habits to himself . His dialouge is right on over the top best and Travolta 's chemstry with the supporting cast is great . But I also enjoy the dancing scene between him and a few women while in the bar tavern restaurant he 's doing a dance strut get down move is so good !
 It makes you laugh , it makes you cry -LRB- if you 're a softy -RRB- , and you 'll never smell sweetness the same way again . It 's my favorite movie .
 Wonderful movie , this is one of the few Travolta movies that I really like and you can watch it with anyone because it has elements to please everyone . It is very funny my favorite part has got to be near the begining when the bank gets `` Smote '' , probably the most hellarious part of the movie.Your date will like it because of TravoltaYou can use it to improve your pick-up lines
 As a die-hard John Travolta fan I found it hard not to like this movie . . anything he does is great with me . This movie really shows the side of him I love and he makes it a movie that 's very easy to watch , enjoy and cry over !! Well worth the watch if you love Johnnie like I do !!!
 Michael is a little irreverent , but a whole lot of fun ! The trip is worth it ! Anybody who did n't like this movie , must be an awful drip ! It 's about love , it 's about fun ! And the music along the way , is an extra added bonus . Finding the meaning of relationships and knowing how to enjoy life , that 's the real focus , but instead of being preachy or soppy , it 's upbeat , and the dialogue is outrageously funny . If you do n't come away from this movie , feeling better about life in general , you did n't get it . Enjoy life ! Watch Michael again !
 I 've watched this movie many times and each time I see something new in it . I found it deliteful and the music was fantastic . Yep ! Ya got ta learn to laugh .
 I , ve watched this movie over and over again and each time I notice something I had n't before . I find it extremely entertaining and uplifting . And what about the music ! Is it great or what ! So so very good .
 I was reading over some of the comments for this movie ... I seriously ca n't figure out why people seemed to dislike it ! It enjoyed this movie very much . . and I love it even more everytime I watch it ! I never , ever get tired of seeing it . It 's definitely one of my favorite movies of all time ... there should be more movies like this !!
 This feel-good movie is uplifting and insightful . If you are looking for the typical mindless and violent shoot-em-up , smash-up-em , blow-em-up movie fare , then do n't watch Michael . If you 're looking for a funny , hopeful story and happy ending , this is the movie for you . This film challenges accepted notions of angels and their interaction with humans , and does it beautifully . Time watching Michael will make you think . And that is always time well spent .
 I really loved this movie ! Travolta is n't your typical angel but , how could you imagine he would be ? True , he 's a little earthy but , I 'd like to think there are earthy types in heaven too!This is a light-weight , feel-good kind of movie with a great message ... as Michael says `` You got ta learn to laugh . ''
 I am a Trivolta fan and his charm shines brightly in this movie . The story is funny and irrelevant . You will not find many universal truths here , but you will find two hours of enjoyment .
 This is an all time favorite of mine . Travolta is terrific . I love the story line and all the acting . I love to watch this one over and over . It is a lot of fun .
 Product came on time and worked great ! I would buy again . I also bought text books at Amazon and they too came on time and were in very good shape .
 This movie is getting old now but I still enjoy it . It is something of a sleeper and never gained wide appeal , but it is a wonderful story , at least in my opinion . I liked it enough to buy it and send it to a close friend as a gift . Michael is an angel , but unlike most that we know . He has some `` earthly '' vices but does do good things . It is just a nice , humorous movie ... good entertainment .
 Enjoyable movie to watch . My favorite in it among many scenes is the dancing one . Oh , angel how you dance !!!!!
 Saw this movie years ago . This product had good picture and sound . A different role for John Travolta which he performed in a great fashion . Funny movie that might bring a tear to your eye at the end . Suggest it to anyone ...
 Wonderful movie , put a twist on the way we think of angels . Funny , thought envoking and a little sad . I personally would have loved to have known this angel .
 Mostly I bought this for my wife , who loves it.It has some irreverence , some cool twists , and a good ending.Fun to watch .
 This movie is great for several reasons . It makes angels more human . It is a love story . It is FULL of great actors and they fit their parts in this movie perfectly . The music is wonderful .
 this is an awesome movie . i love this movie and so will you . I recommend this movie to everyone
 STARTS OUT SLOW BUT GET BETTER AS YOU GET INTO THE MOVIE . MAKES ME CRY AT THE END . LOVELY STORY .
 This is one of my favorite John Travolta movies ! It has some really quirky comedy but such touching moments too . I watch it every time I 'm needing a good eye washing ! HAHA * S *
 I purchased this dvd for my daughter . She saw it a long time ago and enjoyed it so much . She and her husband are expanding their movie collection , so this was one of a perfect gift for her !
 Was extremely pleased with quality of disk and speed of delivery-will certainly do business here again . THis is one of the films I really wanted in my movie collection , and the price was just right .
 This is one of those feel-good movies that ends on a positive note with not too much drama in the middle . The seller was fast , efficient , and competent . Highly recommended on both counts !
 Saw the movie preview for this , missed it at the theater , this was enjoyable fantasy . My wife and I enjoyed and smiled a while , the feathered wings , and the road trip to Chicago , including the visit to the largest ball of string . We could identify with the scenes , having cruised all over Illinois , small towns . I enjoyed the part where Michael said he smote the bank . A fine word , smite , smote . Wish you could do THAT . Worth the money , will watch it again .
 A great movie , good actors and actresses . Good clean fun and a wonderful feeling good all over movie . A plus for your movie colection and your music collection .
 What a wonderful movie , which is lessened by one star becase of the failure of the manufacturer to distribute `` Michael '' in widescreen -LRB- for DVD -RRB- . If you see the 1.33:1 version , you are missing some of the movie .
 Whoever it was that wrote that this was not a good movie has some serious issues to deal with . It also makes me wonder what type of shoot-em-up , demented movies they have been watching to not like this movie . I felt that it was a very good movie . It had a good moral to it and was humerous as well . I would recommend this movie to anyone , and I also purchased this movie as soon as it came out !!! FOUR STARS FOR `` MICHAEL '' !
 This movie received no critical acclaim.What a shame!It gets better every time that I watch it.The casting was perfect.It manages to be irreverent , yet thought provoking.I recommend it as a cure for the common blues .
 Michael is one of those feel good movies.Good to watch all the way through.An older movie that can be watched over and over and still provocke an emotion .
 I first saw this movie years ago and had the opportunity to buy it recently . I have to say this is one of the best movies I 've seen . John Travola plays the part of an ArchAngel . He definetly does n't fit the `` typical '' view of an angel . The story is sad and funny and has some very poingant moments . There are also lessons being taught in the movie . I 've watched it twice in the last few weeks and each time I pick up things that I 've missed the first time around .
 Great viewing and quality movie.MichaelArrived safely in Australia and played well even though we are region 4
 This is touching movie will melt your heart ad touch your soul !!! See John Travolta in a different role .
 This movie is a sweet twist on the romantic comedy . The Archangel , Michael , comes to help two lost souls find each other on a bet . What 's fun about this movie is that the angel is far from the feminine flowery images that people often have about angels . Michael quotes from John and Paul -LRB- The apostles ? No ! The Beatles ! -RRB- , has an indepth talk about life with a dog in which he gives the advice , `` Remember , Sparky , no matter what they tell you , you can never have enough sugar , '' and has a penchant for campy roadside attractions such as the world 's largest ball of twine and the world 's largest non-stick frying pan . Do n't expect theology . Just relax and go along for the ride .
 One of John Travolta 's best movies . It 's old but enjoyable . One that can be watched several times .
 Three tabloid journelists go in search of an angel and find more than they thought possible.John Travolta as always fills the screen , in more ways than one . Three lost souls and an angel on the road -LRB- also in more ways than one -RRB- , to understanding , redemption , and love . This is a funny , heart warming and very satisfying journey for any age .
 John Travolta always finds a section to dance in , and in Michael he does the same . I enjoyed this movie because it was something different he did .
 This is a light hearted movie that has several twists and turns . The acting is good . You have got to be a John Travolta fan to really enjoy this moive!William Hurt 's roll is fun as well .
 Michael is a feel good film and a tour de force for Travolta . Itr is a prefect film to rewatch on a cold , rainy afternoon especially with one you love . My wife and I watch it often . We misplaced our original copy and ordered a new one from Amazon . As always it came quickly and in good shape . Prime is a great feature . Back to the picture.Travolta is supported by a perfect cast . Hurt , Hopkins , McDowell and Stalpeton are spot on and even the smallest part is cast well . The dance segment &#34; Chain , Chain , Chain comes off as if it were improvised while the camera ran .
 It came in the time it was supposed to , there were no problems receiving it , it was all in one piece , and it was a great price
 The CAST is VERY GOOD . JOHN TRAVOLTA , WILLIAM HURT , ANDIE MACDOWELL AND ROBERT PASTORELLI . NORA EPHRON -LRB- Sleepless in Seattle -RRB- is one of the screenwriters and producers . As always , JOHN TRAVOLTA does a great job . He is such a versatile actor.This movie is light weight and a bit of fluff , but I have watched it numerous times and LIKED IT EACH TIME . I know I will watch it again -LRB- I own it -RRB- . It is so CUTE and it is very SWEET . It is a FANTASY about the ARCH ANGEL MICHEAL -LRB- I really like the way John Travolta portrays this militant angel -RRB- living at a motel in Iowa with an old lady -LRB- Maureen Stapleton of All in the Family fame -RRB- and some reporters from a gossip magazine out for a story.I recommend this one . I LIKE IT .
 Just a feel good movie . One of my favorites ! Glad it has become part of my collection , I 've wanted it for a long time . Also I was thrilled with the Prime movie feature .
 Love this movie . Good movie . Not for kids though . Sexual suggestions in it . Funny at times though . Michael is an overweight smoking angel .
 Great story great acting by Travolta . Worth adding to your library . But I do n't have 9 more word to say .
 I 'm always a sucker for a love story . I love how Dorothy can see through Quinlan and is really keen on getting to know him . This movie is funny and musical at the same time . I 'm sure you 'll love this movie .
 Searched for this DVD in my area , but could not find it . Hubby recommended Amazon . Great price , DVD worked great , no problem . New addition to my Travolta collection .
 The movie is delightful and an unusual role for John Travolta . It 's one of my husband 's favorite flicks . The delivery of this item was very quick and it was packaged securely .
 This film is brilliant ! if i did ' t have much space for this review it would be enough to stop there ! the film makes you think and start to wonder about life certain aspects of it at least , and the meaning of life.the film tells a story of an angel who is not the stereotypical , clea , pure godly figure . the message of the film as that we are all angels . you dont have to be pure , clean or run around in white wings an a halo all day to be loved by someone an love others . sunday afternoon smiley movie me thinks !!
 When a couple of staff writers for a tabloid news-rag get a tip about an angel living in small town motel , they set off to see if they can scrape a story out of it . They are accompanied by a woman their editor tells them is an expert on angels . The truth is that none of them know anything about angels but nobody expects that to be a problem because none of them expect to meet an angel.What they meet does not meet their expectations either . They see a guy who is a beer guzzling lazy slob . The only angelic thing about him is that he does have a large pair of wings . As far as anyone can tell , they are genuine . That means , angel or not , there is a scoop to be had for the tabloid . All they have to do is get the winged man safely back to HQ for photos.As they make their way across the country , some very odd things happen . One would almost call them miracles . In time , the reporters begin to believe that they are traveling with a real angel.They are and the angel has something on his agenda besides posing for a few pictures . In fact he has several things on his agenda and nothing is going to stop him from getting them done . That will not stop him from have as good a time as possible along the way , however . And wings seem to really be chick magnets.This is a fun comedy . It is much better than my low expectations led me to believe it would be . It was fun and inlightening .
 A great movie . One that is very enjoyable and with real heart to it , but if it is not in widescreen , I will not purchase it . Period .
 This is a great feel good movie.For everyone who is saying , how do you know this movie was not shot in full screen ... please do a simple search . According to IMDB , it was shot 1.85
 I have always loved this movie . It portrays Michael , the earthy , battling angel . He has come to Earth on a mission . We meet him as a trio of miscreants journey to photograph him for a tabloid . He accepts on condition that they drive to Chicago.In this movie we see a tender view of the forces that guard us . Michael was my daughter ' s favorite angel . We both always enjoyed the portrayal of the mischievous guardian of our hearts . The final scene has to be a classic of all movies . You will never be sorry .
 Very entertaining movie . We watch it yearly for the fun and entertainment value . It 's nice to watch near Christmas time with the family . Just a fun movie and yes it has the love story angle .
 Great Movie ! Streaming went well , video quality is not HD but it was enjoyable to watch.I will definitely rent another movie from Amazon . We have been looking for this movie but were unable to find it until we saw it on Amazon . Thank You .
 I love this movie ... I will watch it over and over , it 's magic and funny , and I love the twist it has on Angels behavior ... John Travolta was perfect in the role and Jean Stapleton incredible ... one of my favorite scenes is when they are dancing in the street togethet !!!!! My Kinda Angel ... mmm he smells like chocolate chip cookies ... got ta watch the movie to get that one HEEHEE !!! also as always great service and great condition ...
 Let 's be clear . This is n't a vampire movie or a Dracula movie . It 's a Bonnie & Clyde movie with an appearance by Dracula . If you 're looking for a vampire movie -LRB- as I was -RRB- , get over it . The point is , it 's a pretty good Bonnie & Clyde movie and also a pretty good mad scientist movie . The acting is decent considering the no-name cast . The story has some interesting twists . What more could you ask for ? I knocked off one star because the ending was weak .
 This is one of my favorite horror comedies of all time !!! THE WONDERFUL and very talented TIFFANY SHEPIS , and TROMA ALUMNI , TRENT HAAGA , star asBonnnie and Clyde , the famous or infamous bank robbers who meet up with old drac him self !! This is a twist on the dracula story , as a brother , andsister hide dracula in their home , to get dracula to help the brother , Henry , who has a horrible disfigurement , that he wears a sack on his head ... Henry needs drac 's help as he will provide dracula with `` FOOD '' AHEM , if he will help Henry with his disfigurement , by using hisdegenerate healing powers , to help heal him ... . All is well , until Bonnie and Clyde show up , running from the law . when a robbery goeswrong , and one of clyde 's friends get 's shot , Bonnie and Clyde hear there is a doctor who lives up the road , AND GUESS WHO IT IS ? ... THIS is a great movie , with not only strong performances from Tiffany Shepis , and Trent Haaga , who just eat their roles up ... other strongperformances include the brother and sister , who are played by , Jennifer Friend as Annabel , and F. Martin Glynn as Henry , are out standingas well ... The Movie was made by a family by the name of FRIENDS , ... . Jennifer Friend was Annabel , DRACULA , WAS played by Russell Friend , a cameo of a kid was played by Alex Friend , and the Director of the movie and writer was Timothy Friend , so looks like great movie makingreally does take good friends to make it work !!! I would also like to note that Tiffany Shepis , helped Produce this movie !! She is justmy favorite actor and she can do any thing !!! there is alot of action , alot of funny moments , Clyde meeting one of his old `` associates `` again , and what happens afterwards is one of the high lights !!! ... although there is not really a versus battle between Bonnieand Clyde and Dracula , as the title implies , the movie is still a hoot to watch . . From beginning to end the movie really entertains !! Tiffany Shepis really shines in this roll as does the whole cast , and is one of the funnier horror comedies out there , I will take thisover a big budget hollywood flat comedy like hang over 2 , any day of the week ! more comedies should be fresh and funny , like this one !! Big hollywood could learn a lot from small indie film companies like this , instead of trying to rip off the classics , and dostupid watered down remakes , why not do something really funny and fresh , like this great little gem , I highly recommend , thatyou buy this movie , and see what big holly wood has been missing for years , originality , fresh ideas , real acting , and funnylaugh out loud comedy !!! 5 stars ! a must have !!
 This latest Hal Roach Studios restoration of the classic Republic Serials is NOT regionally encoded as it states in the Amazon notes . This and ALL releases in this Hal Roach Studios series are `` Region Zero '' and are playable anywhere in the world . And the quality is stunning -- almost as good as their releases of original Laurel and Hardy material or their other Serials -LRB- ZORRO 'S FIGHTING LEGION , RADAR MEN FROM THE MOON , ZORRO RIDES AGAIN , ZORRO 'S BLACK WHIP , etc. . -RRB-
 I took a chance after reading reviews of others which were pretty much all negative and bought this serial anyway . It is goofy , corny , off the hook silly . Get it , it 's ... totally worth it ...
 VCI Entertainment and Republic Pictures present ... `` Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- , a 14 Chapter cliffhanger from an action packed Republic serial featuring an outstanding cast with Mack V. Wright and Ray Taylor at the helm ... story line and plot has Polynesian Mala -LRB- Mala -RRB- working with the U.S. Intelligence Service to investigate sabotage on Clipper Island ... who are these group of spies causing the eruption of a volcano ... is our hero involved some way keeping everyone in the dark ... will Princess Melani -LRB- Mamo Clark -RRB- be convinced he has nothing to do with all the scullduggery during these exciting cliffhanger chapters ... can Mala thwart the evil plans of rival high priest Porotu -LRB- John Picorri -RRB- and brings peace and tranquility once more to Clipper Island ... is there no justice within the 14 exhausting chapters of this Republic Serial for the cast and crew to take their next lunch break ... do n't leave the theater until the final chapter is over and done with `` Thunder Mountain '' ... just remember double thrills , chills , mystery and suspense ... hitting the bull 's eye with excitement ... do n't miss a single spine thrilling episode . . return next week to this local theater for another episode of action and adventure that will keep you thrilled until the next chapter.Under director 's Mack V. Wright and Ray Taylor , producer Nat Levine , associate producer Sol C. Siegel , supervised by J. Laurence Wickland , original story & screenplay by Morgan Cox , Maurice Geraghty and Barry Shipman , musical score by Harry Grey , stunts by Loren Riebe ... the cast includes Mala -LRB- Agent Mala -RRB- , Rex the Wonder Horse -LRB- Himself -RRB- , Buck the dog -LRB- himself -RRB- , Mamo Clark -LRB- Princess Melani -RRB- , Herbert Rawlinson -LRB- Mr. Jackson -RRB- , William Newell -LRB- Hank McGlaurie -RRB- , John Ward -LRB- Anthony Tuppe -RRB- , John Dilson -LRB- E.G. Ellsworth -RRB- , Selmer Jackson -LRB- Mr. Canfield -RRB- , John Picorri -LRB- Porotu -RRB- , George Chesebro -LRB- Draker , chief of island operations -RRB- , Bob Kortman -LRB- Gang Yacht Capt. Wilson -RRB- , George Cleveland -LRB- Goebel , gang chief scientist -RRB- , Ed Cassidy -LRB- Joe Davis , chief of intelligence -RRB- , Edmund Cobb -LRB- Harris Crosby , member of headquarters gang -RRB- , Bud Osborne -LRB- Ellis , mate-thug -RRB- , Buddy Roosevelt -LRB- Wireless Operator -RRB- , Al Taylor -LRB- Sailor-Thug in Officer 's Hat -RRB- ... special footnote , some veteran actors of the '30s , '40s and '50s grace this feature with Ed Cassidy , George Chesebro , George Cleveland , Edmund Cobb , Bud Osborne , Herbert Rawlinson , Buddy Roosevelt , , all made their mark in the B-Westerns and Serial Department with Columbia , Mascot , Republic and Universal Pictures ... meanwhile back to our Republic Serial which is always good till the last drop and this serial is no exception ... there is a great deal of entertainment here for the cliffhanger fans out there ... all courtesy of VCI Entertainment , who in my humble opinion is the best there is in restoring early serials and features.CHAPTER TITLES :1 . The Mysterious Island2 . Flaming Danger3 . Fathoms Below4 . Into the Enemiesi ' Camp5 . Danger in the Air6 . The God of the Volcano7 . Trailis End8 . The Jaws of the Beast9 . The Cave of the Winds10.Wings of Fury11.Agents of Disaster12.The Sea Trap13.Mutiny14.Thunder MountainIf you 're into vintage serials as I am , why not pick up a copy of the following titles from VCI Home Video : VCI CLIFFHANGER TRAILERS :1 . Adventures of Red Ryder -LRB- Don `` Red '' Barry -RRB- 2 . Adventures of the Flying Cadets -LRB- Bobby Jordan -RRB- 3 . Buck Rogers -LRB- Buster Crabbe -RRB- 4 . Captain Midnight -LRB- Dave O'Brien -RRB- 5 . Captain Video
 REPUBLIC PICTURES was created in 1935 by the merger of five smaller studios . REPUBLIC produced a total of 66 serials , which were known for quality and for being better than any other outfit 's cliffhangers.THE STORY of ROBINSON CRUSOE OF CLIPPER ISLAND -LRB- 1936 -RRB- : A U.S. Intelligence Dept. agent goes to a small Pacific island to investigate the sabotage and destruction of an airline dirigible.CAST : Mala - Agent Ray MalaRex - Rex , the Wonder HorseBuck the Dog - BuckMamo Clark - Princess MelaniHerbert Rawlinson - Grant JacksonWilliam Newell - Hank McGlaurieTiny Roebuck - Eppa the WrestlerCHAPTERS :1 . The Mysterious Island2 . Flaming Danger3 . Fathoms Below4 . Into the Enemy 's Camp5 . Danger in the Air6 . The God of the Volcano7 . Trail 's End8 . The Jaws of the Beast9 . The Cave of the Winds10 . Wings of Fury11 . Agents of Disaster12 . The Sea Trap13 . Mutiny14 . Thunder MountainCRUSOE trivia : Of the many hundreds of sound serials produced , this is the only one that 's 14 episodes in length . It 's also the first-ever serial to feature re-cap chapters , which consist of film clips from previous episodes.The story involves a dirigible that exploded . Ironically , six months after CRUSOE was released , the lighter-than-air ship Hindenburg would do exactly that
 REPUBLIC PICTURES was created in 1935 by the merger of five smaller studios . REPUBLIC produced a total of 66 serials , which were known for quality and for being better than any other outfit 's cliffhangers.THE STORY of ROBINSON CRUSOE OF CLIPPER ISLAND -LRB- 1936 -RRB- : A U.S. Intelligence Dept. agent goes to a small Pacific island to investigate the sabotage and destruction of an airline dirigible.CAST : Mala - Agent Ray MalaRex - Rex , the Wonder HorseBuck the Dog - BuckMamo Clark - Princess MelaniHerbert Rawlinson - Grant JacksonWilliam Newell - Hank McGlaurieTiny Roebuck - Eppa the WrestlerCHAPTERS :1 . The Mysterious Island2 . Flaming Danger3 . Fathoms Below4 . Into the Enemy 's Camp5 . Danger in the Air6 . The God of the Volcano7 . Trail 's End8 . The Jaws of the Beast9 . The Cave of the Winds10 . Wings of Fury11 . Agents of Disaster12 . The Sea Trap13 . Mutiny14 . Thunder MountainCRUSOE trivia : Of the many hundreds of sound serials produced , this is the only one that 's 14 episodes in length . It 's also the first-ever serial to feature re-cap chapters , which consist of film clips from previous episodes.The story involves a dirigible that exploded . Ironically , six months after CRUSOE was released , the lighter-than-air ship Hindenburg would do exactly that
 A moving story of two people in love , Edward and Vincent , and their fight for equal rights . It 's about people who determined to celebrate their relationship on their terms . `` Saints and Sinners '' explores the social , political and religious aspects of same-sex marriage and examines its effect on American society . It shows how unfairly the Catholic Church treats gays and lesbians . -LRB- For Edward , who grew up as an altar boy , and Vincent , who was baptized at Old St. Patrick 's Cathedral in Little Italy and who attends Sunday Mass regularly , getting married outside the Catholic tradition is not an option . -RRB- Powerful argument for legalization of gay marriage .
 This was the last Unbox video viewed . I liked it had lots of good BMX instruction . Unfortunately Norton Security said I had a Trojan Virusmonths later and offered to remove it . The Norton utility messed up my computer and I had to do a Recovery . Now the . NET Framework will not install so I can not reinstall Amazon Unbox player . The . NET framework downloads from Microsoft updates but will not install . Amazon Unbox installation also tries to install . NET Framework which fails to install.Details : Microsoft . NET Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1 and . NET Framework 3.5 Family Update -LRB- KB951847 -RRB- x86Date last published
 I ordered this item to give with a child 's lei and grass skirt from Maui . It took forever to receive my package but after it was received by the birthday girl , her mom told me she loved it and would stand in front of the tv for an hour and dance like the little girls on the DVD . So , it was a success .
 I 've recently stated taking Hawaiian hula lessons and just love it , so I went on the lookout for any information I could find on this awesome dance and found this video . It 's a lot of fun to watch and dance with . While it is no way replaces actual live in person classes , it is a good start . I highly recommend the extra features . Very informative and entertaining . So if you want to get a start with hula , I 'd say get this video .
 I made a hula birthday party for my 4yr . old daughter . I put the video as an activity , all Girls were very happy having a hula class . The video was perfect for the party because it only has few songs and they put attention almost all teh time .
 got this video for the grandgirls before we all went to hawaii , they watched it on the plane on the way there and actually remembered alot of the moves , which helped when they got to go on stage at the luau ! their ages are 2-5 .
 I 've only seen 16 movies released in 2006 and I think that `` The Black Dahlia '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- directed by Brian De Palma is one of the most enjoyable . The way it walks , talks , sounds , and feels truly captivated me . It is a fantastic cinematic achievement . It is shocking , dark , very clever , and enormously beautiful . It is over the top but how would you make a movie about the investigation of the most notorious and gruesome never solved murder in Hollywood differently ? I like this exploitative , overplayed , smoldering , overwhelming , cheesy , campy Crime / Drama / Mystery / Thriller -LRB- my favorite genres -RRB- with the evident elements of black comedy -LRB- the most favorite genre when it 's done well -RRB- . I do n't deny that it has its problems but I still believe it is worth watching and rewatching , especially on DVD when you can stop it and return to the earlier scene to see what you might 've missed the first time . ` The Black Dahlia ' is one of the rare films that make you forget all their flaws . I am still puzzled with the ending but I LOVE the movie ; I could not take my eyes off the screen . The way De Palma uses light , shadows , his combination of colors , black and gold - my favorite , his use of stairways , and the way we first are allowed to notice the body - it is Art , noir film made by an Artist . Besides , I simply ca n't be indifferent to a movie that uses Cole Porter ` s song `` Love for Sale '' which I adore as performed by k.d. lang.The movie grabbed me with its visual grandeur , heated atmosphere of danger , dark , desperate mood and that 's why I like it so much . I do n't like it for its story - after all , it is one of the myriads of versions of what had actually happened 60 years ago , I do n't admire it for the acting , even though , Mia Krishner as unfortunate Betty Short was heartbreaking and I did like Hillary Swank for the first time in my life -LRB- yes , I know that she is two times Oscar winner but I liked her here , when she said to herself , `` Bucky ... I 'll try to remember ... that '' - it was a good acting , irony which I 've never seen in her before . -RRB- I also believe that Fiona Shaw was wonderful in her role - it simply could not be played any differently and to make her character so over the top was an artistic achievement and not the lack of acting abilities as many viewers seem to believe.I respect the movies that entertain me , excite me , and stay with me even if I see their weakness very well . `` Black Dahlia '' is one of these movies . I am perhaps one of very few viewers in the whole world who actually was satisfied with the ending and the big revelation before it . Yes , it is bizarre , and it is grotesque , but it fits the whole movie perfectly and when I mentioned earlier how clever the movie was , I meant , how well its creators explored just one of the evidences and using the works of literature , art , and earlier cinema , built the whole possible story behind the murder based on it . Once again , `` The Black Dahlia '' is IMO one of the best and most entertaining movies of last year which I enjoyed enormously.Directed by the Artist with a unique vision and talent , `` The Black Dahlia '' will be appreciated as time goes by .
 I think this is a very complicated movie , a little hard to follow , but really interesting to watch . I have not read the book and knew nothing about the actual crime so this is based only on viewing the DVD . I was surprised to see so much negative criticism - I think it is very VERY good . If you liked `` Body Heat '' or `` Chinatown '' you 'll probably like this . It just goes to show you that different people have different takes on a movie . Try it .
 In the late 1970s , I began to go to the movies . I saw Bakshi 's `` The Lord of the Rings '' , and it made me want to be a hobbit ; I saw `` Escape from New York '' , and it made me want to be Snake Plissken . But when I saw `` Dressed to Kill '' , at 14 , it made me want to be Brian De Palma . To the despair of my parents , I no longer had any ambitions of becoming a great scientist
 My actual review is 3 stars - but i would like to balance out some of the unjustifiable 1 and 2 star ratings . This is nowhere near De Palma 's best film . . Compare it to ` Dressed to kill ' for example -LRB- one of the great masterpieces of cinema -RRB- - both films are visually stunning - but ` Dressed to kill ' is not nearly as plot heavy it is so natural in its combination of images and sound . . by this very nature we are able to probe the conciousness of the characters in a way that is seldom done in film - ` Black Dahlia ' , it is a shame to say , can not live up to the enormity of the plot - and becomes a victim to it . . Such a shame as it is probably the most beautifuly photographed film of the year . . the interiors , the lighting and shadows just scream with beauty . . the acting , surprisingly is pretty good too . . It is a shame that this is all wasted by a story line that just tries too hard to be interesting . . A more natural approach would have made this a fine film . . P.s. watch ` dressed to kill '
 i walked into this film not knowing anything about de palma , nothing of his history , his repetoire , anything ... not a pre-conception in my head ... much less any expectations or delusions ... actually , well , one expectation , and only one , and that was the i expected to experience a film ; to be entertained ... it seems , of late especially , that viewers obstruct their subjective minds with objective issues , such as the actors and their track record , the director and his ... etc. . . i know all too well , that scenes with films -LRB- and even entire movies -RRB- can be and are crafted for the simple purpose to showcase an actor -LRB- s -RRB- aptitude that is ment to shine beyond simply rendering the character ... and i will be the first to rip a horrible film , if it is horrible to me , as i did with `` Crash , '' which is one of the genus of films that i mentioned -LRB- empty storyline , sheened over with a few roles written to display acting of a high caliber , beyond simply illustrating the plot ... -RRB- . i might be typing somewhat coherently now , but my mind is hopelessly disjointed and incoherent , and i suppose that is why this film seemed so -LRB- as one previous reviewer put it -RRB- `` intoxicating '' ... of course , i knew the dialogue of hartnett 's , in parts , was so unabashedly cliche ' , in the whole private-eye-inner-dialogue , yet , i didnt expect anything more of the film ... i didnt expect it to be new , for its precepts to be wholly original , as nothing , especially in the film world , is wholly original , and writing a story a certain way for the sake of trying to achieve profoundess or originality , is stupid and renders the story impernanent and often crippled ... yet , all i saw in this was the story , and its darkened hues and rendering , going from the daylight gleam of the first 4th further and frther into black dissolution ... the actors flailing and tripping and misfiring , which only seemed to fit the story as it became more and more depraved ... this film was an experience for me , and i have seen many films , only few of which really were an `` expierence '' ... this film so enticed me ... the emtpy theater i saw it in only proppeled me into the story , losing myself in its incoherence ... i saw it all , all things you and everyone else get so upset about , and i didnt care , i had no reason to ... the film told a story , and scenes , as you say , didnt overstay their welcome ... that is one thing that surpised me , and that was that no matter how powerfully a scene was enacted and rendered , or how `` weak '' , it left abruptly or right on time , which is better than a scene overstaying , i suppose ... the spastic love scenes and the strange , unlikely plot twists only ensnared me more , for some subjective reason ... all i can say is that i think this film is an achievement , the story , the performances of the actors , even despite what you say , were all achievements to my ken ... and , best of all , i walked out of this film , my only expectation completely surpassed and fulfilled ... film noir ? couldnt name any film noir other than black and white films ... de palma ? what did he do before this ? once again , through my nescience of certain conventions of film , i maybe expierenced something very different from what most others here did , and i just felt the need to protect the expierience within this film , and also maybe try to turn a new view upon the perspectives most of you are reviewing and perceiving from ... which is sort of fused , as i said previously , with objectively-inspired pre-conceptions on what this film should have been ... and not what it was ... not seeing characters , but rather seeing only acting and how it was n't `` this '' or `` that '' ... i saw a film-a story with characters-and read like a novel ... an aproach i usually take to films , and , for whatever reasons , this film was one of the few which gave such good results ... sure , the film might be terrible to your vein of thinking and consideration , but at least try to see it as a singular achievement , and not let pre-conceived notions tell you what the film is or is n't ... thanks ...
 Wow , I 'm sorry , I do n't mean to sound like a jerk here , but some people obviously do n't know anything about the nuances of acting that comes with true period pieces . Plus , this movie was so much more than just the `` acting '' . Like any other good film noir , this had so many different elements going on on so many different levels , that it 's really only fair to view it at least twice before forming an opinion of it . For there are so many things to catch and pick up on that might be able to be caught during the first viewing.In my opinion , this is possibly the best film noir since Billy Wilder 's `` Sunset Boulevard '' . It 's dark and moody , and the constant themes of corruption and lost dreams that echo throughout are something to treasure this film for.If you want a Hollywood driven film that concentrates on `` acting '' , stick to some garbage like `` L.A. Confidential '' , or worse `` Hollywoodland '' , something so generic and pedestrian , and highly overrated it is n't funny . But if you want to enjoy a true film noir , and an awesome period piece , this is the film to check out.This movie kind of ruined me against a lot of other period pieces recently made , like the other Ellroy adaption , `` L.A. Confidential '' . While that is a good movie , it just is n't a good period piece , because all the dialogue -LRB- and delivery of dialogue -RRB- could belong to today 's contemporary dialect . However , I think that is why so many hate on `` The Black Dahlia '' , because it refused to do that , and stayed true to the dialect of the period it represents.It is a sad state that most of today 's movie viewing audience is so dumbed down and desensitized , and practically brainwashed into thinking that everything must either look like an MTV video or a really bad video game to be considered good anymore . Give me a good old fashioned movie like this that relies on good story telling to get its message across any day over lots of the crap that gets made these days.So sad to see that so many did n't enjoy it . I know I sure did ! Matter of fact , I stil consider this to be the best film to be made in not only 2006 , but this entire decade . Highly recommended!Thank you .
 I do n't know why Amazon ca n't figure out how to separate reviews of different editions of the same movies , but there you go.I have spent some time looking over the 1 and 2 star reviews of this Brian De Palma classic and I guess I think that like most of his films you either love it or hate it , and for this one most seem to hate it . Some of that comes from confusion as to whether De Palma was making a movie about the Elizabeth Short murder or adapting the James Ellroy novel . The special features on this edition make it clear it was the latter . Ellroy does an extensive interview explaining how the murder of his mother when he was 10 years and then the Elizabeth Short murder a year later impacted his life and his writing . Interviews with De Palma make it clear he was not trying to depict the murder -LRB- BTW , Google ` The Black Dahlia ' or ` Elizabeth Short ' and see that discussions of the murder after 60 years still go on -RRB- but had Ellroy 's novel firmly in mind as did the screen writer Josh Friedman.Parts of the movie actually do n't work for me ; the ending for example is hard to believe , but it does connect all the dots . But I 'm giving the Blu Ray edition 5 stars because the transfer is great . De Palma explains he shot the first part of the movie in a different style than the rest for specific reasons and I 've seen at least one review that thought that was a transfer error . The special features are alright but not spectacular but answered all my questions . It has all the usual Blu Ray ` bells and whistles ' if you are into that sort of thing.All in all , I consider this a classic film , but recognize it is n't for everyone .
 I teach criminal justice classes and I really enjoyed LA Confidential . I was hoping this movie would deal more with the crime and less about the other people in the film , but I really enjoyed the film . I bought a copy of it and watched it a couple times over the weekend . I wish I could have seen it on the big screen , but it didnt make it to our movie theater here
 Television has ruined the ablility of movie fans to stay focused . So many of us are attuned to 8 minute bytes . This film is an excellent `` noir '' but it requires the patience of a literate adult ! Yes , there is a lot of dialogue ; but it all has a reason . The production values are excellent . The acting is top notch ; just look into Josh H. 's face for the unspoken dialogue - he 's excellent . This is NOT for the 15 to 25 year old crowd . It 's for us grownups . Thank God someone is still makeing movies for us . Calm down - watch `` The Big Sleep '' first , and you 'll see the tradition from which this one comes . Hitchcock once said about a negative comment concerning one of his films
 I can not believe all of the negative reviews on this film . And I have no idea why people would rather see the generic `` Hollywoodland '' and give it such praise , liken to throwing roses at it , but they are heaving meat cleavers at this ingenious intellectual intelligent psychological mystery thriller . And , both films are fictional stories set in the 40 's and 50 's about factual accounts.People want to complain about how bad the dialogue is in `` The Black Dahlia '' , not realizing how REALISTIC it is for the time period , but they hail `` Hollywoodland '' as a masterpiece of cinema , when its dialogue IS atrocious , and so fake for the period it 's supposed to be representing . Such a generic film ! But , that 's , unfortunately , what people want in this day and age of fast food , video game living . They do n't wan na have to think , my God , that would just be too hard on them , especially when they can laugh at `` Dumb and Dumber '' wasting every brain cell they have , but not having to question what they are seeing . To me , that 's very scary , for I believe people should question EVERYTHING they see , be it a film , a tv show , or -LRB- especially -RRB- the news.Brian De Palma does n't make films for critics or idiots , so that 's why so many people are attacking him , because they 're IDIOTS !! Do n't get me wrong , I believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but some of the reasons I 've read for not liking this film are just retarded -LRB- no offense -RRB- ! Saying that it hardly deals with the Dahlia , saying the acting and/or dialogue is atrocious , and calling De Palma a hack ?!? This is NOT supposed to be a true account of the black dahlia , but a FICTIONAL one!This film is based on James Ellroy 's 1987 noir novel , which was a FICTIONAL account of the crime infused with a lot of other stuff , heavily inspired by the murder of Betty Short and Ellroy 's mother . Watch the bonus features on the disc and you will see Ellroy discussing in great detail what I am talking about . Plus , you will see him say how much he LOVES the film based on his novel -LRB- I seem to remember a lot of people saying somewhere that he hated the film ? -RRB- . On the De Palma A La Mod website , De Palma gives a very insightful interview regarding this film , and its marketing/distribution problems . He even said that it was a mistake to sell it as `` based on a true story '' . That was not his move , but the studio 's decision . I am only somewhat familiar with the real life story of Betty Short , but I feel this film did a good job capturing the tragedy of her life -LRB- and subsequent death -RRB- . I would like to see a film made about the real Betty Short some day , but in the meantime I wish people would quit bashing on this film for not being it and enjoy it for what it is , a true fictional film noir classic in the vein of `` The Big Sleep '' and `` Sunset Boulevard '' . Every frame of this film is dripped in such beautiful film noir , that it makes the viewer feel as if they are in the 40 's , or at least watching a film from that era . And , the reason for the ` over-the-top ' acting , as it 's been written , is for the same reason , to capture what is was REALLY like in L.A. in the 1940 's . And , it 's not 40 , but only 20 minutes into the film that the body of the Dahlia is discovered . And , as for the reason of doing it the way it was done , showing it as a back drop , was showing that there was ALWAYS something corrupt and/or evil lurking in the background , and/or underneath the surface . -LRB- That last part is for a reviewer that complained that there was even an ` earthquake ' sequence . Hello ! There are earthquakes in L.A. everyday ! -RRB- Plus , the earthquake was used to distract from Blanchard seeing Madeline Linscott 's name inside the matchbook Bucky had tossed him , a scene that proves crucial in a later flash back . And , as for the dialogue , well , this is how people talked in the 40 's ; especially in the movies.And , of coarse , there 's the complaint about Aaron Eckhart overacting ... well , did n't ANYONE hear that he was hyped up on benzadrine -LRB- the character , not the actor -RRB- , which would have that effect ? And , it 's ALL about the Dahlia once her body is discovered , unlike some idiotic reviews would have you believe , just not in the way that falls under ` conventional ' . It 's about how the 2 cops become obsessed with the Dahlia and solving the case , putting other cases aside , like Raymond `` Junior '' Nash , a child molester and murderer , and Bobby Dewitt -LRB- whose initials are cut into Kay 's back , B.D. - maybe a visual reference to Brian De Palma ? -RRB- a lowlife bank robber and pimp that Blanchard had put away , but will soon be getting released , and Blanchard ca n't risk Dewitt being on the loose . In the meantime , Bucky becomes obsessed with Madeline Linscott , a Dahlia-type wan na be , femme fatale . -LRB- One of the many great lines in the movie come from her
 `` The Black Dahlia '' deals with the murder of a beautiful Hollywood starlet at a time when Tinsel Town was an innocent and thriving community . The movie was based on the actual death of Elizabeth Short . This murder is investigated by two hunky police detectives , played by studs Josh Hartnett and Aaron Eckhart , who find their lives twisted and turned upside down as they try to find answers as to why anyone would want to kill a beautiful woman . Both will also not be satisfied until they find the culprit . Both Hilary Swank and Scarlett Johansson give outstanding supporting performances . There are over 40 minutes of bonus features that deal with the actual death of the Black Dahlia . Brian DePalma , the film 's director , is interviewed . Unfortunately , the movie was both a critical and commercial failure
 Most of you probably know that this review will be about as far from objective as you can get . I love Brian De Palma . I do n't think that I could hate anything he makes . That being said , I do n't absolutely love everything he does either . So when I go see a De Palma film , I basically expect to either love it more than anything or just think it was pretty good . The Black Dahlia , fortunately , applies to the former . This movie is amazing on so many levels , that it really should get an entire post of its own . But since I do n't have the time , I am going to make this short and amazingly sweet . The actors in the film are amazing -LRB- exception with Josh Hartnett , who is n't bad , but he is n't great , either -RRB- . Scarlett Johannson and Hilary Swank both portray women in the 50s on totally opposite ends of the spectrum on every level . Aaron Eckhart is great in a sadly under-utilized role as the detective who becomes obsessed with the Dahlia case and is also dealing with extremely dangerous events from his past coming back to haunt him . The film looks amazing too . You would never know that this entire movie was shot in Bulgaria , but now I just told you , so you do know . They recreated 40s L.A. like you could n't imagine . And to top it all off , Brian De Palma puts his ultimate stamp on the film . What else could I ask for ? By far the best scene of the film is the `` De Palma set piece '' of the movie . A huge marble staircase in the lobby of a skyscraper is the background for one of the most intense , heart-stopping sequences that I can remember in recent memory . And to make it even more excruciating for the viewer , De Palma trademarks it by shooting it all in total slow motion . Unbelievable . I wo n't go into the details on the plot , because it is a little tough to describe what 's going on without revealing some twists that happen about halfway through . But trust me , The Black Dahlia is a ride worth taking .
 The novel is a prime example of strong characterization and intricate plotting . In this day of fleeting attention spans , it is no wonder so many found it difficult to follow . The movie proved once again the generalized maxim , that if the critics hate it -- it will be entertaining . Also it reinforces the old cliche , that those who ca n't , derive solace from deriding the efforts of those who can . This movie is filmed beautifully . The imagery is rich . The portrayals by the actors , stunning . One must interact mentally with this film and allow the images to tweak the emotions . I can see why so many find fault with this , it takes some sensitivity and intelligence to bask in it 's numerous strengths . The lack of car chases , long , drawn out , slow-motion gun battles , freely hurled wisecracks , feel-good flitting from scene-to-scene , etcetera -- will overheat the minimalist thought capacities of the average viewer . This film does not crudely hammer its elements into the viewers ' sloping brow , rather , allows the scenes and relevant detail to unfold ; trusting you to react , and feel , and assemble . As is obvious to even the moderately cognitive members of the race , craftsmanship is by and large -- unappreciated . If it 's not plastic , it has no value .
 . . but it is , nevertheless , a well though out and scripted film which conveys much of the feel of the book and the seediness that was apparently -LRB- I was n't there so I ca n't really know -RRB- a feature of LA in the 50s .
 OK , DID ANYONE KNOW THAT THIS BASED ON ELLROY 'S NOVEL AND THEORETICAL TAKES ON WHAT MIGHT HAVE HAPPENED ? Geez , I am really tired of illiterate people giving recommendations or negative feedback here at Amazon.com when they do not have the patience to pay attention to a real movie . This is not Rambo or whatever action movie dreck the masses like to see these days . Try and watch real film noir , anything perhaps with Lana Turner in it -LRB- and if anyone of you know who she is you know her movies ! -RRB- . I am sure you did not understand the pace of REAL film noir which is slow . Not every movie has all the details served up to you so you do n't have to think about what is going on!Try and watch FARGO , that movie is very slow right up until the end , then WHAM the end ! Try and read a book see how slow that is for you ...
 I 'm simply amazed at the reviews this film has received so far ; 2 stars ??? You got ta be kidding!The Black Dahlia was a bit of a disappointment due to the fact that it 's too complicated and too confusing at times -LRB- actually most of the time -RRB- , though by no means is it a bad movie . It 's one of those films where you can not afford to let your guard down or else you 're completely lost.The setting is Hollywood right after the end of WWII and a series of murders has two boxers-turned-cops looking for clues to solve the mystery . Things , however , are not what they seem in the City of Angels ... Josh Hartnett , Hilary Swank , Scarlett Johansson , Mia Kirshner , and the rest of the cast carry out their performances very well.In short , the acting , the setting , the dialogues , and the music are all very good , while the plot would have been great if it was n't so darn confusing.The film does bring L.A. Confidential to mind and even though it 's not as good , it will provide for an evening 's entertainment as long as you make sure you 've taken care of anything and everything that might distract you prior to viewing the movie .
 Almost every film I see , I know everything about it before I see it . I know what it 's about , I know who is in it , and I know what critics and audiences think of it . I saw `` The Black Dahlia '' in the theatre the day it came out and enjoyed it . Then I began reading the reviews for it and I was like `` what the hell ? '' Nobody likes this movie , for various reasons . It 's not as good as the book , it tries to be a film-noir and fails , the acting is bad , and , my favorite reason for hating it , Scarlett Johansson is in it . I 've seen the movie three times now ... This last time after reading the book and , yes , granted the book is a lot better . This film is not half as bad as it 's made out to be though . First off , yes it 's not just trying to pay homage to film-noir . It 's trying to be a film-noir and it 's not . The acting is n't bad , but some of it is campy . And Scarlett Johansson is a very talented and very hot actress . First off , the dialogue in the film is pretty close to the dialogue in the book . It worked very well in the book , but has its ups-and-downs in the movie for several reasons . No one in the movie truly seems comfortable with the dialogue . It 's 40s-esque dialogue and you got people who have been in movies like Erin Brockovich , Lost in Translation , and Dumb & Dumber reciting it . The story is one of two films released in 2006 that are fictional stories built on the foundation of a true-life crime story -LRB- the other being `` Hollywoodland '' a superior film -RRB- . Josh Hartnett plays Dwight `` Bucky '' Bleichert , a boxer turned LAPD detective dubbed Mr. Ice . Aaron Eckhart plays Lee Blanchard , also a boxer turned LAPD detective dubbed Mr. Fire . To get a proposition passed and score a spot in the Warrants division , Blanchard and Bleichert duke it out and become local celebrities . Soon , they 're both working Warrants and find themselves partners . Soon , their duo becomes a trio when Kay Lake -LRB- Johansson -RRB- , Blanchard 's girlfriend comes into the mix . But then their lives change forever when a mutilated corpse is found in a vacant lot . The corpse is of a woman , who has been cut in half at the waist , disemboweled , and has had a grisly smile carved onto her face ear-to-ear . The body is Elizabeth Short , dubbed `` The Black Dahlia '' because of her tendency to wear all black . This is an unsolved murder that really occurred , but almost everything in the movie involving her murder is fictitious . The woman 's murder sets Blanchard off and causes him to alienate his friends and family while he obsessively searches for her killer . Bleichert , meanwhile , does his own investigation which leads him to meet Madeleine Linscott -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- , the daughter of a rich construction tycoon who bares a remarkable resemblance to The Dahlia . The last 20 minutes of the film were n't handled very well . Many of these scenes are creepy and well filmed , while others are campy . Especially the long-winded monologue delivered by Madeleine 's mother Ramona -LRB- Fiona Shaw -RRB- . The acting is really the weak point of the film , but not all of it is bad . Hartnett , Johansson , and Eckhart are n't terrible . Oddly enough , the weakest link is two-time Oscar winner Swank , who looks good for the part but gives a weak performance . Listen closely -LRB- maybe not too closely -RRB- and you 'll hear her trying on a rich-uppity kind of accent . Then you 'll hear that accent fade and then suddenly return . In the book , it mentions the character tries to sound like The Black Dahlia -LRB- which would be a Boston accent -RRB- . But what Swank is doing is not a Boston accent . Was it supposed to be ? Whatever ... The movie scored an Oscar nomination for Best Cinematography , which I think it deserves . It does catch the atmosphere James Ellroy had in his novel pretty well , but it just does n't roll with it as far as plot . You have to realize , also , how far the movie differed from the book . It took over a hundred pages before they find the body of Elizabeth Short . In the movie , it takes twenty minutes . The movie is good though and I 'm surprised so many people hate it . I think if you were to walk into it with an open mind and no preconceived notion -LRB- like I did -RRB- , you 'll enjoy it . It 's certainly better than two stars ... There 's people on Amazon who like `` Date Movie '' more than this . I think this movie is a lot better than some more acclaimed Brian De Palma films . Even if you did n't like this film the first time , I beg you to give it another chance.GRADE
 I have read several reviews of this movie and people either loathed it or thought it was wonderful . I lean towards the latter , although I admit it was confusing at the end . The biggest thing I saw as a flaw in the film was the fact that there were a lot of characters to keep track of , and the ending left me a little confused . But so did Femme Fatale , de Palma 's previous film , the first time I saw it , and now it is one of my favorites.The story is about the detective Bucky more than the Black Dahlia , keep this in mind . It is a love story , and a mystery . It is beautifully filmed , has a good soundtrack , and a cast that should blow anyone away . This alone makes it a decent movie . So just sit back and enjoy the movie , because it 's probably better than 90 % of the CGI-based garbage that 's coming out these days . There is a story , but the trick is to not pin your expectations on what you think it should be . Brian de Palma has been an amazing director for decades , and this is no exception .
 All one has to do is read the first few chapters of a pulp detective novel to understand what Brian De Palma 's `` The Black Dahlia '' is like . The trailers and television ads are in no way accurate in terms of conveying the kind of movie it is . They led me to believe that it was a realistic and incredibly dark period piece . In reality , it 's a heavily stylized reinterpretation of Film Noir classics , so much so that it almost comes off as campy . A fictionalized world is represented , one in which every character smokes and speaks in overly dramatic tones . I should have known it would be like this ; it 's based on a novel by James Ellroy , the same man who wrote the equally stylized `` L.A. Confidential . '' But the fact that `` The Black Dahlia '' is commercially misrepresented does n't make it bad . Quite the opposite ; it 's incredibly well made -- so stylish and engaging that it refuses to let the audience off easy.The story is a carefully crafted mystery , mixing a real event with fictional characters and circumstances . This real event is the murder of Elizabeth Short , a young aspiring actress -LRB- played in the film by Mia Kirshner -RRB- . Her body was found in the vacant lot of a Los Angeles neighborhood in January of 1947 . Not only was her mouth sliced open from ear to ear -LRB- making her look like an insane clown -RRB- , her body was also severed in two at the waist . On top of all that , her blood was drained and a couple of her vital organs were removed . Such a disturbing crime has remained unsolved to this day , a fact that made the film 's story that much more interesting . This is in spite of the fact that the actual murder is just one piece of the puzzle . Again , the ads sell this movie short ; the Elizabeth Short case is not the sole focus of the plot , despite being prominently alluded to . The truth is that many mysteries are interwoven.I suppose this may not suit those of you expecting a purely factual experience . It wo n't much help that the story is maddeningly complicated , pretty much to the point of utter confusion . It 's not the kind of film you can passively experience . It demands your full attention right from the get go , with one crucial point after another piling up until it becomes a massive heap . This is problematic for me , a humble viewer ; describing the plot will be very difficult , not only because it 's loaded with details and twists that I ca n't give away , but also because I 'm not sure I caught every detail and twist.It begins with a voiceover narration , specifically that of Officer Dwight `` Bucky '' Bleichert -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- . Already the tone of the film is set ; specific shots are encased in shadow and smoke , and the music is heavy with smooth saxophone solos . In terms of dialogue , his pacing is as deliberate and colloquial as that of a classic private eye detective -LRB- I half expected to hear him say , `` That 's when five-feet , seven-inches of trouble walked in '' -RRB- . When not on duty , he spends his spare time as a boxer , as does Sergeant Leland `` Lee '' Blanchard -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- . While the two are fierce competitors in the ring , their everyday relationship hints at a close friendship . At least , it 's close enough for Lee to trust Bucky around Kay Lake -LRB- Scarlett Johansson -RRB- , a former prostitute who 's now Lee 's girlfriend . Eventually , Bucky begins to suspect that he does have feelings for her.The two cops initially focus on the impending release of Bobby DeWitt -LRB- Richard Brake -RRB- , Kay 's severely abusive ex-pimp -LRB- look for his initials on her backside -RRB- . As the film progresses , the audience will come to understand that DeWitt is but one of the many contributors to a tangled web of circumstances , all of which interconnect in some form or another . What makes the situation even more complicated is that many -- if not all -- of the characters are duplicitous , some more than others . As the film winds up , many of these characters are exposed during a replay of key scenes . Here 's an example
 Exiting the theatre after seeing Brian DePalma 's latest film Black Dahlia I had a lot of the same mixed-reactions as I had with David Lynch 's Blue Velvet twenty years earlier . Black Dahlia like Blue Velvet is the kind of film that leaves viewers a bit dumbfounded at first ; and it does not surprise me in the least that the initial reviews of Black Dahlia like the initial reviews of Blue Velvet are confused because both films leave the viewer with a feeling that they have experienced something that they can not quite make heads or tails of . I think what most reviewers , amateur and professional , are trying to do when they review Black Dahlia is sort out their own disorientation and sense of unease . The film simply refuses to do what we expect it to do -LRB- there are plenty of obvious villains but no obvious heroes -RRB- or be what we expect it to be -LRB- this is not Scarface with its caricatured over-the-top `` bad guy '' or Untouchables with its caricatured `` good guys '' -- Costner , Connery , Garcia -- and `` bad guy '' -- DeNiro -RRB- ; instead in Black Dahlia we are given characters that do not fit the good guy or the bad guy stereotype or good girl and bad girl stereotype and this creates anxiety in the filmgoer which is exactly what a good film noir is supposed to do . Adventure films and romances and action-thrillers give you comfortable stereotypes but film noir is the most subversive film genre out there because it refuses to give you a world where old world distinctions like `` good '' and `` bad '' have any validity and however much one would like to to impose such pat labels on these characters they simply do not stick . From the first scene DePalma thrusts us into a world where we can not determine just who is fighting for what and just who has the upper hand . The LA Police Department in 1946 is not exactly the place to go if what you are after is justice or moral clarity for the entire department is more concerned with maintaining it own mob ties and increasing revenues from its own rackets than it is in solving crimes . What the LAPD and its various homicide and vice units are really involved in is kept in the shadows and a sense of order is maintained only because the LAPD is very good at manipulating the press . Like everything else in the city cop/press relations is a racket and its rigged . In order to thrive in this corrupt city one must be corrupt ; and the more corrupt you are the better off you 'll be.When we first encounter young wanna-be detectives Eckhart and Hartnett they are just lowly cops on the beat . Most of the cops just stand by and watch the riot between the -LRB- mostly white -RRB- servicemen and the local -LRB- mostly black and latino -RRB- zootsuiters . Its a virtual race war but the cops do nothing to curb the violence . Eckhart and Hartnett are n't under any illusion that they can stop the race war but both being ex-fighters neither can resist the thrill of a good fight and so they throw themselves into the fray beating up sailors and zootsuiters indiscriminately . The fact that these two guys were both minor celebrities on the local boxing scene comes to the attention of the higher-ups who then arrange a spectacle to entertain the entire city and to win postive publicity for the police department -LRB- as well as public support for a department wide pay raise currently on the ballot -RRB- . The cops agree to the fight even though they know the fight is just a huge publicity stunt because they are promised jobs as detectives as their reward . As a result of the fight both cops become `` stars '' in the public eye even though we know that they are just doing what they have to do to survive which in this case means becoming corrupt cops on the make -LRB- even the fight is of course rigged so that the cops not only win public sympathy and support but the cops can also make money betting on the fighter they know will win -RRB- . Even though we want to believe one or both the cops is really a good guy we can see that there is no way for either of these guys to remian untainted by the corruption that surrounds them . And the young male cops moral corruption is juxtaposed brilliantly with the corruption of various young ladies who come to Hollywoodland in order to become `` stars '' in their own right . Most of these young girls get only bit parts as extras and have to supplement their income by working as call-girls or doing blue films . The Black Dahlia is exactly like many other girls her age but she ends up famous only because she ends up dead . The lurid headlines that link her to the world of porn and prostitution make her seem somehow notorious but we can see that she is just an ordinary girl who simply did what was necessary to survive . In this world crime is good business . Crime is this cities biggest employer . It gives the cops , pimps , murderers and journalists all something to do . Everyone is seen to be part of the same corrupt system ; so long as there is crime and corruption everyone gets paid . The Black Dahlia just happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and so she gets crushed by one of the cities especially greasy and especially maligned wheels . Just who gets villainized in such a corrupt city and why becomes one of the films central concerns.The cops , however , make a mistake when they announce to the press early on that they will solve the Black Dahlia case when , in fact , solving the case would mean revealing the huge network of crime that seethes just below the surface of LA. . Some would say that DePalma makes a mistake when he calls his film Black Dahlia when in fact that particular crime remains on the periphery for much of this film . For the noir sensibilites of James Ellroy and Brian DePalma the real interest is not in the Black Dahlia herself but in the moral emptiness and impotence that is so rampant in LA. . The Black Dahlia is not so much a character -LRB- for we never get to know her ; we see her only as a struggling young actress on a screen test and , ironically , playing an unwilling `` victim '' in a blue film -RRB- but a symbol of innocence lost . The fact that the Black Dahlia story is not foregrounded more in a film that is called the Black Dahlia does frustrate those viewers that want a more conventional whodunnit . Ellroy & DePalma are n't interested in this kind of approach though . They both turn the focus away from the luridly murdered victim and onto the lurid community where the crime occurred and this actually makes for a much more interesting and nuanced kind of film experience . But in transfering the Ellroy novel into a film DePalma goes one step further , as he always does , and makes the novel into a highly stylized film noir that is highly self-conscious and ironic about just what it is doing with the genre . For instance many noir films feature a very mannered kind of acting -LRB- where men are extremely masculine and self-possessed to the point of being caricatures of men , and women are made to embody all the anxieties that endanger that manly sense of self-possession and security -RRB- and DePalma pays homage to that technique but he also uses it for his own purposes . There was always something funny about the way the noir tough guys and their dangerous dames talked and acted but DePalma really amps up the comedy by having his characters mouth the most absurd lines . The artificiality of this noir brand of acting is used purposefully by DePalma to foreground the absurdity of the character 's attitudes and how self-involved and oblivious to others these characters are ; each character seems to be isolated in his/her own fantasy world . Eckhart , Hartnett , and Johansson , though ostensibly friends , exist on three different planes -LRB- each can be seen to be following their own private agendas / obsessions -RRB- . Eckhart is manically seeking to avenge his sister 's death -LRB- all villains in his eyes become his sister 's rapist/murderer -RRB- , Johansson is seeking to escape from a seedy past and so lives out a fantasy of being rescued -LRB- she has a superman fantasy and it does n't seem to matter to her who is playing superman -RRB- , and Hartnett acts out a narcissistic fantasy of his own as he explores his own divided nature . He is attracted to both blonde Johansson -LRB- who enables Hartnett a glimpse of himself as a superman/supercop -RRB- and to the Black Dahlia look-a-like played by a darkly coiffed Hilary Swank -LRB- who is utterly and irredeemably addicted to `` sin '' and committed to recruting as many to her devlish ways as possible and who allows Hartnett to explore his own morally ambiguous dark side at the same time he is supposed to be solving a case -RRB- . Many reviewers have noted that Hilary Swank 's acting seems artificial but that is the idea . Swank is playing a rich girl / femme fatale who is self-consciously modeling herself after a dead girl . This character is the most original creation of the film . She is so jaded that she wants to meet the Black Dahlia , whom she has heard bears a striking resemblance to herself , because she thinks it would be a thrill to sleep with her own look-a-like -LRB- the ultimate act of narcissism / self-obsession -RRB- . Once the Black Dahlia is dead she seems to find it thrilling to go around playing the Black Dahlia and playing at being a street girl -LRB- but she makes no attempt to hide her accent which is a social marker of status and that she is not interested in abandoning -RRB- . Swank has her character affect an accent and do it badly because the accent is itself an act , a pretence of social quality . I think a lot of credit should go to Swank for this performance for to play `` a bad actress '' convincingly -LRB- even if its just the penultimately jaded rich girl playing around with various roles out of boredom -RRB- requires accomplished acting -LRB- the same kind of thing was required of Kim Basinger in LA Confidential when she played a celebrity look-a-like hooker , but Basinger was not playing one of the upper-class and she was not to be perceived as being in control of her performance in the way that Swank 's character is in control of hers -RRB- . Swank 's accent is horrendous and its supposed to be . Her entire dysfunctional mob of a family all affect continental accents and indulge in outrageous fantasies in order to veil their seedy realities ; and it is they who collectively create a monster/martyr/sacrifice who must bear the weight of their collective guilt . -LRB- And DePalma brilliantly implicates the Eckhart/Hartnett/Johansson trio in this same kind of transference of personal guilt onto a maligned other by having them bond while watching a film about that very topic
 This picture was based on a novel of the same title by James Ellroy -LRB- who is probably best known for writing `` L.A. Confidential -RRB- , who was likely inspired by the real life 1947 `` Black Dahlia '' murder . This film was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 79th Academy Awards , but lost to Pan 's Labyrinth.It got a bad rap but is a better film than indicated though I will warn that some casual moviegoers will have a hard time following it.The movie follows two ex boxer buddy cops -LRB- Josh Hartnett and Aaron Eckhart -RRB- who both `` love '' the same woman -LRB- played by Scarlet Johansen -RRB- . Said woman has a dark past and is married to the character played by Eckhart . You can imagine one of the paths that will manifest in this love triangle but I leave it to your imagination.There is a true visual brilliance in this picture . Perhaps too much that the story gets put in the background at times . As there were complaints that this tale is convoluted one has to remember that this is a mystery with clue trails and red herrings are going to be obvious yet perhaps unsatisfying to some viewers . Perhaps one of the problems is that by the time the mystery is solved it does n't feel `` big '' enough or emotionally moving enough to have a satisfying ending?Still worth a look but this is n't as good as L.A. Confidential.In addition to names already mentioned this also stars Hillary Swank and Mike Starr.This just about broke even at the Box Office in comparison to its budget.STORY / PLOTTING
 I READ MANY DISAPOINTMENT WITH MANY VIEWERS SO I WATCHED THIS MOVIE TONIGHT AND I LIKE IT A LOT BUT IT IS TRUE IT IS A BIT LONG WITH NOTHING HAPPENIT LOOK LIKE CHINATOWN AND L A CONFIDENTIEL A LITTLE BITI THINK THE ATMOSPHERE IS WELL MADE AND I LIKE ALL THE ACTINGSI WANTED TO SEE HILARY SWANK AND SCARLETT NUDE BUT NOTHING HAPPEN IN THIS WAYI THINK THE ENDING WORTH THE WATCHINGWELL I THINK IT HAS TO BE WATCH AGAIN TO UNDERSTAND THE PLOT BETTER
 Scarlett Johansson was awesome in her role . Hilary Swank is so hot!Too much smoking in all scenes but it is noir , after all . Great acting , surprises on every turn . Hilary Swank makes me want to howl at the moon .
 What can one say , its most assuredly Noir , and in a big way , and that I love Noir . I loved the style , the characters , the jargon , the hard boiled atmosphere , the period , the cinematography , the scenes and the shots , and the twists , I just ca n't get past that complex plot , I loved it do n't get me wrong , but the plot was just too complex , however I do not think this is a reason to shame this film , I can think of one other Noir , a Noir heralded as being one of the THE best , that had an incomprehensible plot , one so complex , with so many twists that by the end even the screen writer did n't know who `` done it . '' The Big Sleep , so before you condemn this film , please review this past film , and remember that no one alienates this `` classic '' for being incoherent.Maybe time will tell if de Palma 's Dahlia will enter the great film archives , that time will elevate our director , I think it will , how can it not . It always worked for Welles.Just as a I felt a rebirth of the Zombie genre coming on after 28 Days Later , I too see the rebirth of the Noir in Hollywood , and my oh my what great time it 'll be.One other thing in closing , De Palma really is the scene stealer of Hollywood , he even steals from himself . Did anyone eles notice ? If no , and you 've not seen it yet , watch for the climactic scene where Lee is going to kill DeWitt , there stair sequence is totally Untouchables train station scene albiet originally from Battleship Potemkin , and the falling shot that follows the stair sequence , totally Scarface and Top Of The World .
 Two cops meet while handling street fights between the zoot suit gangs and sailors in 1946 . Bucky -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- is the young cop who believes in his job . Lee -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- is the cop who plays both sides of the law and has shady connections with local mobsters . Bucky and Lee become partners and spend lots of time together along with Lee 's girlfriend , Kay -LRB- Scarlett Johanssen -RRB- , who has a shady past characterized by ritual violence . When the woman immortalized as the Black Dahlia is found tortured to death , Lee becomes obsessed with solving the crime.In the process of the murder investigation Bucky becomes involved with Madeline -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- , a femme fatale from a rich , corrupt family . Her mother Ramona -LRB- Fiona Shaw -RRB- is a drug addict and her father a real estate swindler . Bucky is in over his head but struggles valiantly to solve the murder and to save Lee and Kay from the miasma of corruption swirling up from the shady past.The film is beautiful and takes advantage of well known Los Angeles landmarks to create a believable Hollywood in which the mood of the 1940 's is successfully evoked . The script uses the pessimistic noir convention of revealing layer after layer of evil and betrayal to the hapless hero who can only keep following the trail to its end.Yet Black Dahlia is a film without shadows , an unflinching stare into the seamy underbelly of corruption , madness and incest . The scenes of girl-on-girl action , lurid crime scene photos and flashbacks to the murder are more evocative of `` Hollywood Babylon '' than Chandler . Not only is the film without the visual noir convention of shadow as a living presence , but when the mystery is finally solved it is nakedly revealed in all its grisly psychopathic ugliness -- more suited to a horror film . For some the final portion will be a little too violent and sensational . Some cooling and obscuring shadow was much needed.Overall , The Black Dahlia is a good film with some excellent moments . Hartnett plays the hero who loses his innocence quite well . Swank is fabulous as always . Fiona Shaw is amazingly good -- frighteningly unbalanced , and in certain lights looks eerily like Mary Astor in the Maltese Falcon . The rest of the cast performs well with a quibble about Aaron Eckhart 's hair -- it looks too layered and dry to be 1940 's hair .
 I am a big James McElroy fan , as well as a huge fan of the city of Los Angeles and its history so my review of this may be slightly tainted to being more positive than it should be . The plot line is intriguing all though its very easy to get lost , it is a good execution of the film noir genre by De Palma but the acting by Josh Hartnett leaves alot to be desired . I give it a B + based mostly on the intriguing nature of the plot but they could have done much more with it than they did .
 I can not believe all of the negative reviews on this film . I have eagerly awaited it on dvd , and it far surpasses what I anticipated . Brian DePalma does n't make films for critics or idiots , so that 's why so many people are attacking him , because they 're IDIOTS !! Do n't get me wrong , I believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but some of the reasons I 've read for not liking this film are just retarded -LRB- no offense -RRB- ! Saying that it hardly deals with the dahlia , saying the acting and/or dialogue is atrocious , and calling DePalma a hack ?!? This is NOT supposed to be a true account of the black dahlia , but a FICTIONAL one ! And , it 's not 40 , but only 20 minutes into the film that the body of the dahlia is discovered . And , as for the reason of doing it the way it was done , showing it as a back drop , was showing that there was ALWAYS something corrupt and/or evil lurking in the background , and/or underneath the surface . -LRB- That last part is for the reviewer that complained that there was even an ` earthquake ' sequence . Hello ! There are earthquakes in L.A. everyday ! -RRB- Plus , the earthquake was used to distract from Blanchard seeing Madeline Linscott 's name inside the matchbook Bucky had tossed him , a scene that proves crucial in a later flash back . And , as for the dialogue , well , this is how people talked in the 40 's ; especially in the movies . Every frame of this film is dripped in such beautiful film noir , that it makes the viewer feel as if they are in the 40 's , or at least watching a film from that era . And , the reason for the ` over-the-top ' acting , as it 's been written , is for the same reason , to capture what is was REALLY like in L.A. in the 1940 's . And , of coarse , there 's the complaint about Aaron Eckhart overacting ... well , did n't ANYONE hear that he was hyped up on benzadrine -LRB- the character , not the actor -RRB- , which would have that effect ? And , it 's ALL abouth the dahlia once her body is discovered , unlike some idiotic reviews would have you believe , just not in the way that falls under ` conventional ' . It 's about how the 2 cops become obssessed with the dahlia and solving the case , putting other cases aside , like Raymond `` Junior '' Nash , a child molester and murderer , and Bobby Dewitt -LRB- whose initials are cut into Kay 's back , B.D. ... could that also be for Brian DePalma ? -RRB- , a lowlife bankrobber and pimp that Blanchard had put away , but will soon be getting released , and Blanchard ca n't risk Dewitt being on the loose . In the meantime , Bucky becomes obssessed with Madeline Linscott , a dahlia-type wan na be , femme fatale . -LRB- One of the many great lines in the movie come from her
 If great film is all about `` beautiful women doing beautiful things '' -LRB- to cite Truffaut from memory -RRB- , then De Palma 's Black Dahlia fits the bill with style , lensing no less than favorites Scarlett Johansson and Hilary Swank alongside starlets Rose McGowan and Jemima Rooper , even adding fake screen-tests of Mia Kirshner and an all-singing all-dancing cameo by songstress k.d. lang for good measure . Any appreciator of `` Old Hollywood '' ingredients will get eye candy and movie magic aplenty !
 This is one of my favorite movies . I ordered it as a result of seeing the previews but had no expectations it is truely a movie you can watch over and over again .
 I really do n't know why this movie got bad reviews . If you really understand it , you 'll like it . I have to admit that I bought the movie because of Josh Hartnett , -LRB- Even though he had a butt shot , it was n't the only reason why I liked it . All I can say is watch it yourself , get your own opinion .
 Ive seen this movie in the theater and I greatly enjoyed it ! It has a great plot which unfolds throughout the movie and keeps you in suspension . Also the movie is very well done with great visuals and great acting and camera work . I suggest everyone to buy this movie right now ! I have no idea why everyone is leaving such bad reviews on this great movie but I guess its a difference of tastes . But as for me I loved this movie and highly recommend it to everyone !
 I think the main problem with this movie is that the viewer might be prone to judge it by a completely irrelevant set of standards . It 's not what one would expect . The acting is not bad - it 's just not the type of acting most of us are accustomed to seeing in a modern film . Judge it instead by comparing it to films from the era . Some of the facial expressions , the gestures , are classic - easily recognizable from the genre . Think about films from the forties . Think about Garland , Hayworth , Grable and Bogart . I found myself wanting to make a game of counting how many tricks from the genre I could find . They were obviously having fun with it.The central plot of the movie is n't the life and death of the Black Dahlia , but so what ? Sometimes in order to enjoy a movie it 's necessary to adjust one 's expectations . The movie was never intended to be anything other than what it is . It succeeds because it accomplishes exactly what was intended - not because it meets the expectations of the viewer.I gave this film 5 stars because it made me think , watch it more intently . This movie is subtle while appearing to be obvious on the surface . Some of the humor is hidden . I prefer a movie that makes the viewer work a little . If you want it handed to you , if you prefer today 's typical Hollywood fare , avoid this one.An honorable mention to the scene with K. D. Lang . Listen to the rich textures of her voice . Watch the polished synchronicity of the dancers . That scene alone is worth the whole movie .
 `` The Black Dahlia '' is excellent ! Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart , and Hilary Swank are excellent and lead an impressive cast . Brian De Palma 's -LRB- one of the best directors of our time and one of the underlooked directors , Oscar-wise and Golden Globe-wise -RRB- , who has directed movies like `` Scarface '' -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , `` The Untouchables '' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , & `` Blow Out '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- directing is excellent , as usual , as is his visual style and impressive camerawork , as usual . The screenplay by Josh Friedman -LRB- who adapted the H.G. Wells ' novel & the Steven Spielberg film `` War Of The Worlds '' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- to the screen -RRB- is excellent ! The music by Mark Isham -LRB- who also did the music to `` Invincible '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , `` Eight Below '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , `` Running Scared '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the upcoming `` Bobby '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- & `` Crash '' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is excellent ! The cinematography by Vilmos Zsigmond -LRB- who won an Oscar for his work on Spielberg 's `` Close Encounters Of The Third Kind '' -LRB- 1977 -RRB- and also has worked on De Palma 's `` Bonfire Of The Vanties '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , `` Obsession '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- & `` Blow Out '' -RRB- is excellent and impressive ! The film editing by Bill Pankow -LRB- who worked on 10 of De Palma 's films , such as , `` Scarface '' & `` The Untouchables '' -RRB- is excellent ! The casting by Lucy Boulting & Johanna Ray is excellent ! The production design by Dante Ferretti -LRB- who won an Oscar for his work on Martin Scorsese 's `` The Aviator '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- is excellent ! The art direction by Pier-Luigi Basile & Christopher Tandon is excellent ! The set decoration by Elli Griff , Bruce L. Luizzi , & Rick Simpson is excellent ! The costume design by Jenny Beavan -LRB- who won an Oscar for her work on `` A Room With A View '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- is excellent ! The visual look is impressive , the sets are impressive , the costumes are impressive , the look of the film is impressive . A excellent film that keeps you think and keeps you interested .
 A top notch ` who-dun-it ' filmed with an old style ` Noir ' flavor , this movie has the spice of those great detective stories of yesteryear . The sexual tension is high , even while the body count is piling up . Two detectives who once moonlighted as boxers become obsessed with the brutal murder of a young woman aspiring to be an actress . The two men are desperate to find the reason for this senseless death , so much so that they let other brutal murders happening in the city take a back seat . Their search for the young brunette 's killer leads them through a web of lies and to the doorstep of a filthy business conducted behind closed doors , yet right under the noses of those who should 've figured it out but let emotions get in the way . The script is organized and pulls together well , tying up all the loose ends the way this type of movie should.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 that 's the Brilliant FIONA SHAW - who even surpasses Karl Boehm 's suicide in `` The Cardinal '' -LSB- ` escuse me I have to go now ' -RSB- - it 's that coquettish little wave that gets you in the midst of the the eye-candy , the cross-dressers -LSB- Hiliry making boys cry -RSB- - she does look rather spectacular as a Gloria Talbot lookalike , but the denuemont in the sleasy motel with John Hartnett -LSB- he deserves much better -RSB- is so close to ` Double Indemnity ' ... Scarlett Johannsen bring the right tone of peaches and cream to the circus - but seems a litte Lolitaish -LSB- a good thing -RSB- Mia Kirchner is a good choice for Elizabeth Short - but a Julia Roberts would have been a better look-alike . NOW a remake of `` Dial M for Murder '' with the same cast - except Hartnett is the bedridden husband -LSB- ` Sorry , Wrong Number ' -RSB- Swank the executive spouse , Sharon Stone the heavy and Eckhardt - the love interest - `` Corner of Backstreet and Brokeback Boulevard ? `` COULD BE FUN IF TAKEN SERIOUSLY - WITH JOHANNSEN AS THE INVESTIGATIVE ` TEC .
 The movie is based on James Ellroy 's novel of the same name , which is based on the real life murder of Elizabeth Short . But the novel is a work of fiction . In reality , the murder of Betty Short has remained one of the world 's mysteries , never being solved . In his novel , and so in the movie , a fictional account of events , which include fictional characters , is given to solve the murder case.The movie follows the story of Dwight `` Bucky '' Bleichart , aka Mr.Ice -LRB- Josh Hartnett -RRB- , and Lee Blanchard , aka Mr.Fire -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- , two members of the L.A. police force who are put on the case of the murder of Elizabeth Short -LRB- played by Mira Kirshner -RRB- , who will become known as the Black Dahlia . So the movie shows how obsessed they get with the case and how entangled they become in the web of lies , with Bucky becoming involved with a woman -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- who looked exactly like the victim , and who incidentally had an affair with her . And in between you have Kay Lake -LRB- Scarlett Johansson -RRB- , who is the love interest of Bucky , but was saved from a criminal by Lee , so a triangle is set up.I had read the book and after seeing the trailer back in August , I waited for this movie with anticipation . Unfortunately , it fell short of my expectations on some levels.The first problem comes from the novel itself . I think it 's highly presumptuous to offer a solution to a real murder case that 's never been solved using fictional characters . The result is that there 's no air of mystery around the story , you 're not left with different possible solutions or just wondering what actually did happen and who did it , which I personally did n't like , especially since the only element that seems to be factual is the name of the victim and the horrible way she was murdered.Then there 's the fact that the movie jumps around a lot . It would have you believe that the murder is the center and focal point of the plot , and while most of the time it is , sometimes it jumps around and loses that focus , and also the story does n't go in depth with the investigation , it stays just on the surface , which I thought was a negative for a movie like this.Then the other issue I had with the movie is how the boxing match between Lee and Bucky was put in . In the book I found it to be essential to the story , but here it makes the first few minutes drag on and is n't even necessary for the story , except maybe to help depict what Los Angeles was like at the time.Other than that the movie in itself is fairly entertaining , although it is dark , and if you let go of that whole reality/fiction problem the story in itself is fairly captivating , and gives a somewhat historical insight on what L.A. was like at that time.Just as a warning though , if you happen to be squeamish around blood and mutilated corpses , beware . There are one or two scenes where the corpse is shown as it 's described -LRB- mouth slit , body cut in half , etc. . . -RRB- and it 's somewhat haunting when you think someone actually did do that . There 's also a scene where you see part of the murder act taking place and it 's bloody and unbearable to sit through , but it only lasts about 40 seconds.The peformances are also fairly good . I thought Scarlett Johansson was amazing and fit her role perfectly , as did Josh Hartnett . Aaron Eckhart was less convincing but still good . As for Hilary Swank , I do n't know if it was her or just the script , but I thought she was just a tad `` over the top '' . But amidst everyone , the best performance comes from Mira Kirshner , even if she does play a dead girl.If anything , I 'd say it 's a movie that 's in the same vein as Hollywoodland would be -LRB- consider it a teen version of it -RRB- , but that 's to be taken with a huge grain of salt because it 's not at all of the same caliber . Even so , it 's a movie I 'd recommend , because even if it has its share of flaws , it 's still good and you wo n't be bored .
 Brian De Palma 's THE BLACK DAHLIA is the movie of the year so far for me , and the almost unanimous negative reviews baffle me . Yes , the film dares to solve Hollywood 's most legendary unsolved crime , but it is based on a novel by James Ellroy -LRB- L.A. CONFIDENTIAL -RRB- and not on strict fact . I have not had the pleasure of reading Ellroy 's book because it seems long out of print at Amazon.com . The fact is that a beautiful raven-haired aspiring actress named Elizabeth `` Betty '' Short was found savagely murdered in a vacant Hollywood weed field in early 1947 , her body cut in half and her mouth cut from ear to ear . Her killer was never found . The case was never closed and may , in fact , still be open.The De Palma fiction is convincing
 I enjoyed the storyline and script of the Video and the actors were very good in their portrail of the story .
 Firstly , this is the film version of James Ellroy 's Black Dahlia novel . It is not a novel that was immensely fact-based . The Black Dahlia Murder Case seems to have been an influence and an inspiration for the book , but will not offer up any insights for those of use who are avid readers/watchers of everything Black Dahlia . Nevertheless , it is worth a look , just because of the subject it was influenced by.I did n't get an overwhelming sense of the era from this movie though . I like to wach a period piece that is steeped in the aura and feel of the time , like you get from watching ` Mrs. Parker & the Vicious Circle ' set in the 1920s . The cast is decent and the characters are well acted . The script is good . The one overpowering downer about the whole film was two of the female characters Kay Lake -LRB- played by Scarlett Johansson -RRB- and Elizabeth Short -LRB- played by Mia Kirshner . -RRB- I found both of them a little annoying.This film , just as a murder mystery / detective movie is a fairly good one .
 If you like China Town , The 2 Jakes and Devil in a Blue Dress , Then you will probably like this movie as well . The film noir mood is the hook.No ... . it is n't as good as any of the first there named above BUT they have n't made any of the above for 10 to 20 years ... and if your mouth is watering for something like the above then this may sooth your apetite.Better than LA Confidential .
 I loved this movie . It took me a bit to understand in the beginning but by the end , I loved all the twists . I would recommend it and I also loved the setting and time period . I felt I was back in that time .
 If you 're interested in this movie because of its title 's reference to the actual historical `` Black Dahlia '' murder case , or you 're looking for an entertaining stand-alone thriller , stay away from this movie . You 'll just end up writing another one of those over one hundred one-star reviews.However , if you have read and liked James Ellroy 's book , preferably recently , you should definitely give this movie a shot . I liked it a lot . You wo n't have any trouble following the story or handling the somewhat choppy editing , and can just enjoy the way Brian de Palma has quite successfully re-created the atmosphere of Ellroy 's book . The recreation of 1940s Los Angeles is very convincing , even though the movie was shot mostly in Bulgaria . Usually , when I watch a movie after I 've read the book , it rarely looks the way I had envisioned it while reading ; that was not the case with this movie , which in many ways looked exactly the way I had imagined it . The necessity of reducing the book to about two hours has resulted in just enough changes to the storyline to give its suspense even though you know the overall story .
 Well here is my critique w/o ruining themovie for you : This was a great 2006 movie but , sadly , not at with all the elements I expected.Had watched an excellent documentaryabout the possible murderer being awealthy surgeon and socialite andmolester of his own daughter , whoran in the circles of Michelle Phillips -LRB- of The Mamas & Papas band -RRB- . Think it was a 48 Hrs . Mystery.Somehow , I expected some of thismovie to take place in the present , as a detective actually discoveredhis own father was likely the killerin the documentary I had seen.None of that was part of thisfictionalized account . Not to say , the intrigue was not high . Just thatI expected the coincidence aboutthe man speaking about his ownfather on his death bed and all , was missing.Also , the style was all set inretro late 1940 's . That mademe feel like I was reading ahistory book at times andnot living in the new milleniumwhen NEW DISCOVERIES aboutthis age-old BIGGEST UNSOLVEDhomicide in L.A. had been made.It was a very good movieand Hilary Swank wasimpressive in it , but if Iwere a producer , wouldhave done it a different way.Nothing was mentioned aboutthe photos that played a partof key evidence for the detectivethinking his father was involved either ... And I wanted to see the lavish partiesthe doctor apparently threw , whenhis children were asleep -- or not.And the men that were involved insuch a tight-knit group , that thedeath of an acquaintance would becovered up together.I do n't know what parts werecut from this release but I wishsome of these parts had been init . The actual story is so amazing .
 Elizabeth Short 's death was the sensational centerpiece that attracted viewer 's attention but wow , it amazes me what people are saying about this film . I did n't know how to begin with this review and before writing this I read lots who have been misled by the title assuming that the Black Dahlia murder itself was to be the main focus , probably any true McEllroy and De Palma fans will tell you its not and was not ever the case . After viewing this I thought it was n't bad and it caught my attention rather well . The plot of course centers on LAPD Officers Dwight ` Bucky ' Bleichart -LRB- Josh Harnett -RRB- and Leland ` Lee ' Blanchard -LRB- Aaron Eckhart -RRB- aka Mr.Ice and Mr.Fire respectively due to their boxing skills and the tale is told by Bucky -LRB- in voice-overs -RRB- The film 's backdrop is the horrific and now infamous murder rising star Elizabeth ` Beth ` Shortt -LRB- Mia Kershner -RRB- aka ` The Black Dahlia ' . Our two protagonists are called in to investigate the crime which was so horrible that all the details were kept from the public . While Lee and Bucky go all out to solve the heinous crime each is also dealing with his personal issues . Lee 's growing obsession with the case threatens his relationship with his girlfriend Kay -LRB- Scarlett Johanssen -RRB- . Added to the strain is the eminent release of Bobby De Witt whom Lee had previously put behind bars for numerous crimes including some close to home . Bucky meanwhile finds himself entwined in a love-affair with wealthy if rebellious Madeline Linscott -LRB- Hilary Swank -RRB- who bears an uncanny resemblance to Beth Shortt.In this day and age , classic film-noir style walks the very fine line of parody and sincerity . And `` Dahlia '' went back and forth . The entire cast , really , handled the somewhat archaic style of acting without making it seem too goofy . I have to give special mention to Fiona Shaw who gave an over the top performance as Ramona Linscott . Every moment she was on screen you could n't help but to listen to her because some of the things she would say or how she says it was amazing . Aaron Eckhart 's pitiful obsessed yet tragic portrayal of Blanchard whose dedication to the case proves his undoing . Josh Harnett is on top form as the narrator Bucky and portrays Bucky 's struggles and angst perfectly . One of his best traits is being able to read his facial features . Through Hartnett 's expressions , one can almost read his mind to foreshadow events before he does . Scarlett Johanssen is currently the sweetheart of Hollywood and it 's easy to see why . She plays the old beauty 40s sirens pretty well but at times I would hear her switch on and off her accent to the point I was hoping that it remain consistent . Her role is both headstrong and lost through out the film . Hilary Swank done her role fairly well and at times looks awkward in certain scenes . Mia Kershner as the doomed ` Dahlia ' played her role nicely and convincing enough in this story.Shadows - is part of De Palma 's main focus of this film and you 'll see why . Along with side plots and twists also keep a viewer on their toes . Base on the interview that I have seen on this disc , De Palma did stated that he kept faithful to McEllroy 's excellent novel while also giving the story an energy and intense emotional drive that can only be given on screen . This film might be a big disappointment to a lot of viewers but remember that the ` Dahlia ` herself is not the main focus of the film , since it says on Ellroy 's book it was not focused solely on her . Rather she is the catalyst for the all the events following the murder . Just keep an open mind and rather than being put off by the focus of the story think it through logically and you wo n't have a problem understanding anything . I recommend this to De Palma 's entire fan base and to those who are curios of this man work .
 In the endless parade of quirky high school coming-of-age stories , I 'm not sure that `` Just Peck '' really stands out as a unique offering in this overworked genre . It has some charm , to be sure , with likable actors and amusing situations . But , at times , this slight story wishes to present itself as something far darker and far edgier than it actually is . Still , if you like this sort of entertainment -- `` Just Peck '' is a solid enough proposition . I wished that it had dug a little deeper into the character psyches for there was the potential for this to be a richly unique experience . But every time the movie approached a potent realness , the screenplay backed off into more conventional comic mischief . It 's hard , however , not to be amused by the film 's underlying sweetness , gentle comic tone , and blissful awkwardness . While I 've long maintained that quirk is the curse of modern independent cinema , there is enough heart to make this effective on its own terms.Keir Gilchrist plays the titular character Michael Peck . If you guessed that he was a lovable misfit trying to find his place in the world -- you got it on the nose ! This high school sophomore has it rough . His parents -LRB- Adam Arkin and Marcia Cross -RRB- are overbearing , can you believe it ? In the delightful unreality of `` quirky central , '' they expect their son to reach the high ideals and ambitions that have made them successful by doing things like signing contracts and initiating Power Point presentations at home . It 's brutal ! He becomes enamored of an older and troubled bad girl -LRB- Brie Larson -RRB- and seeks to impress her with a science fair project he 's been coerced into designing . Gilchrist seems to miss that his dream girl is a complete mess with bouts of anger , isolationism , and depression -- but who does n't have issues ? The tentative romance/friendship is perhaps the strongest and most surprising element in the film and is , ultimately , what makes this narrative effective . `` Just Peck '' exists in the patently quirky suburban world in which everything at his gorgeously kept school is made to be laughed at . I know a few people who would think this school downright palatial and Peck 's problems pretty darn insignificant . But it is what it is . Arkin and Cross have some nice comedic moments , but the show belongs to Gilchrist . It was a bit creepy to see him pine after Larson as they played brother in sister for three seasons of Showtime 's `` United States of Tara , '' but that 's not a concern that most viewers will share . Amidst all the contrived wackiness -LRB- and the film 's pacing even keeps true outrageousness at arm 's length -RRB- , there is a central drama that is quite appealing . About 31/2 stars due to an uneven tone , I 'll round up for Gilchrist and Larson . KGHarris , 8/11 .
 I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival and loved it , and have just discovered it here . I think this is some of James Franco 's best and most interesting work , and Martin Donovan , Josh Lucas , and Julianne Nicholson are all wonderful as well . Anania does not make films for the masses -- I 've seen several of his works , and he is definitely working his own vein , exploring the silences between people , the interruptions that occur when normal lives are sent off course , the moments that other filmmakers mostly ignore . His films remind me of Hemingway 's advice to Marlene Dietrich , when she wrote him at one point in her career not knowing what to do next . He wrote back , `` Never confuse movement with action . `` Almost all filmmakers ignore Hemingway 's advice , which is why I love Anania 's work , because he never does . The initiating accident of the film - a missed flight - sends Franco 's character off into an entirely new life , and though he encounters criminals and violence , the focus remains on his choice to live a new life without any connections to other people . There 's plenty of action in this film , though not very much movement , so I understand that filmgoers who are used to more conventional Hollywood fare might not have found what they came looking for . But if you 're willing to give it your attention , and if you understand in advance that -- as with a challenging piece of music , or poetry , or painting -- you will have to do some work yourself , this film will more than repay your interest .
 I like a movie that makes you think and does n't give you all the answers right up front . This is an entertaining little flick with good eye candy in James Franco and Josh Lucas .
 Excellent , this movie definately lived up to my expectations . The animation and sound quality are far superior to the first film . Fans of the magazine will love it . The battle scenes are amazing and story moves at a fast pace . This is entertainment .
 This is the not-so-spectacular sequel to the original smash 1981 film `` Heavy Metal '' . The original film was much in the style of the magazine -- largely episodic , jumping from story to story , very much like the original magazine , which contained several on-going storylines with one or two stand-alone stories . This film abandons that episodic format , and sticks to one story . Unfortunately it 's very derivative of a story that was already in the first film , `` Taarna . `` Mildly adult in 2010 , the animation in this film is somewhat lacking , as are original ideas , plot twists , the few nude scenes and single sex scene . This was all done in the first `` Heavy Metal '' and done better , as well . Too bad . I 'll bet the failure of this killed the movie franchise for any further efforts . And people wonder why there 's no good Adult Animation in the U.S.A. ?
 It was a good movie not as good as the original , it got here quickly not a bad buy
 This movie is superior to the original in the ways of animation , plot , and pretty much every other way , as well . Unlike the trend with most animated films of this caliber , it is aimed for adults , just like the magazine it 's based on . It remains loyal to the adult magazine , which someone -LRB- I hope -RRB- would expect . I think it 's unfair to say it 's a bad movie purely because it has gore in it , and because it 's not a movie for kids . I recall dark and suppossedly serious movies being done for the child audience like `` Batman & Robin '' for example . Do I really have to complain about what a piece of ... that was ? This movie lives up to exactly what one would expect from ` Heavy Metal Magazine '
 As a movie , Heavy Metal 2000 does n't live up to the original 1981 movie . While the animation and voice acting -LRB- including Julie Strain , Michael Ironside , and Billy Idol -RRB- is superb , the movie feels like it 's missing something . Heavy Metal magazine features multiple stories and therefore , the original movie 's concept of having multiple interlocking stories feels more at home . However , this movie does adapt The Melting Pot story and I feel they did a decent job . Overall , the movie is fine , just nothing special like the original.The DVD is a good pack though . There are a couple of features dealing with Julie Strain and the other voice actors . As well as an isolated music score , animation tests , trailers , and photo galleries . The only thing really missing is a commentary track.Overall , this a pretty decent DVD package .
 The Good Things * Great animation quality . * Cool story with lots of action and violence . * Plenty of sex and nudity . * Still a strong theme of good vs evil . * Michael Ironside makes a cool bad guy , as always . * Good soundtrack.The Bad Things * Much more goofy than its predessor `` Heavy Metal . '' * Has only one story line , instead of multiple short stories . Could be seen as long and tedious . * Main character seems ripped-off from the last film . * Does n't capture the rock culture as well as the last film.Despite many shortcomings , I think this film is great fun . It does n't have all the same elements as the first `` Heavy Metal , '' but instead , is more like a blockbuster sci-fi film , with lots of action and violence and a straightforward storyline . If you enjoy such films , I would reccomend renting this .
 I found this movie to have an excellent plot . With Tyler finding that key . Taking control of the ship `` Cortez . '' Also taking over the tribe of Shantar to invade the Holyland . However , the movie needs to be at least 40 minutes longer to make the movie better . With only 88 minutes running time on the movie , it felt like the story was running in fast forward . If this film was stretched it could have made the movie much better by putting more detail . The end of the movie is to blunt . They could have work on the ending alot more instead of cutting it off so short.I rated a 4 star because of the action of the movie . There is a lot of good fighting in the movie and thats what I like in a movie . Could have been a 5 star in my book , if they had made it longer .
 Im a big sci fi fan and I really loved this animated movie . I dont care what the reviewers said . . the movie is great and the animation is awesome . If you liked Titan A.E. then this one is for you !! Its just a little more racier than Titan but just as enjoyable .
 If you are a fan of Heavy Metal ... then youre gon na love this one ! Although it runs roughly the same time as the original Heavy Metal , Heavy Metal 2000 packs a more powerful story , dazzling computer Special Effects , and a much more artistically cleaned up backround and character design . With the awesomely violent kill scenes , comes the best in hardcore heavy metal music , that sets the tone for not only a great sequel ... . but a great film altogether . If ever in the video store , pick up Heavy Metal 2000 , youll like what you see ! -LRB- Sountrack includes Billy Idol , Insane Clown Posse , Panterra , and many more ! -RRB-
 After falling in love with the original Heavy Metal for its decidance of sex , drugs and rock & roll , I was a bit surprised at the muted quality of this movie . Its not as though the magazine has toned down that much . I mean there was plenty of T&A but none of the questionable morals . HM2K does out shine its predecesor for having a more complete story , but it was not exactly what I was expecting -LRB- especially since it have several opportunities of the sex -RRB- . For people who want adult oriented animation , look for Heavy Metal 2000 and the original , but if you have only money for one and do not have small children at home , buy the original first .
 If you do n't like heavy metel and sci fi ... your not going to like this movie . It 's based on the comic book heavy metal . The first movie did n't have a plot really but thats ok because the comic does n't ethier . However in heavy metal 2000 there is a accual story you can follow and it 's good . I ca n't give anything away because it would completly ruin the story for you . The animation is wonderful . They do a incredible job of mixing computer animation and hand drawings . So if you like sci fi and you like a dungeons and dragons type adventure then you 'll love this movie .
 This is an absolutely great and entertaining anime movie . Excellent plot and characters . An action packed adventure . lots of laughts and excitement . Adult , but not obscene or pornograpic . Check it out!I love Julie Strain . Her autographed poster hangs proudly ; -LRB- along with her sword -RRB- on my livingroom wall .
 This animated movie is much better than the original Heavy Metal . Animation is excelent . Music ROCKS . I will probably buy the soundtrack . Has a decent storyline also .
 Based on the graphic novel , The Melting Pot , the sequel to the 1981 movie Heavy Metal focuses on the thirst for power and personal immortality , no matter the ramifications of evil that will be unleashed in the universe.The evil orb of doom -LRB- Loc-Nar -RRB- from the original film is prominent in the storyline , with Tyler -LRB- voice of Michael Ironside -RRB- - and his twisted vision - facing off against Julie -LRB- voice of Julie Strain -RRB- , as reptilian beings , robots and a talking rock propel the action to a final showdown.The artwork is solid and the script is more focused than its predecessor , due to it not being an anthology of stories . A timeless quest makes the space opera cinema out of this world .
 I 've read a few reviews slamming this movie and the majority of the complaints are because it is not like the first one . This is not a collection of short stories but one story . It is based on a story written by the owner of Heavy Metal magazine Kevin Eastman and starring his wife Julie Strain . This movie is based on a graphic novel Eastman wrote called The Melting Pot . The only thing this movie has in common with the first one is the name and a few costumes from the last story of the first movie , Taarna.With that being said I thought this was a great movie . The music and voice acting is solid . The animation is great and having the lead character based on Julie Strain does n't hurt either . The story is ok but it dragged on a bit . My only disappointment with this dvd is the special features . They just do n't deliver . This disk should be packed with dozens of features but it 's not . The only features worth checking are the Julie Strain featurette and the isolated music score.If you like a gritty story with great animation , great music , sex , and violence then by all means pick this up . If you do n't have an open mind and are just expecting something like the first movie then do n't buy it .
 Most of the reviews I read were negative . I was curious , so I checked it out . It was not bad . It was n't as good as the first one I agree , but some people will have you believe it 's the worst movie ever made . Not even close . It 's typical Heavy Metal . If you like the magazine , you 'll probably like the movie . It 's worth a look for sure for all fans of the mag .
 When it comes to sequels , many people do n't have nice things to say about them . Some sequels are genuinely bad , but many are also very underrated and criticized for all the wrong reasons . Is this as good as its predecessor ? No , but I 'm not ashamed to admit I love it almost as much as its predecessor . Many people do n't like this film because it 's only one story instead of an anthology like the original , the fact that the music does n't seem to fit into a title like `` Heavy Metal '' , as well as criticizing it for borrowing from the `` Taarna '' segment of the original . I ask ; what exactly is so bad about these things ? I just enjoy films as they are , and this one was a gloriously absurd , utterly cheesy , action-packed , T&A ; delight.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 DVD was in perfect condition , no skips and was received quickly !! great item and great seller
 The first installment of Heavy Metal was far superior to this movie , but Heavy Metal 2000 is a very respectable effort . True , the storyline is similar -LRB- there 's even a part that is a direct copy of the Taarna battle suit dressing sequence -RRB- to past plotlines in movies of this genre of films , but the story and action is enough to keep and hold your interest.The video graphics in this movie are incredible , a seamless blend of cgi and traditional animation . The sound quality is excellent . I am not a heavy metal music fan of any sort , but the music in this movie is great.If you 're the type that likes women whose bodies defy gravity , this movie has it , the women are incredible . There is nudity spread thoroughout , but the sex is not graphic in nature . This film is extremely a parental discretion advised , I strongly recommend it for the 18 + crowd . The violence on the other hand is very graphic , even more so than the first Heavy Metal movie.I 've read the other reviews so I 'll not repeat the plotline for this movie . I recommend this movie to those who enjoy a `` different '' kind of movie . This is an adult animated comic book well worth viewing if you enjoy the Heavy Metal magazine offerings.I have the DVD version and highly recommend this movie -LRB- or any movie for that matter -RRB- in this format for the extras as well as the superb video and audio quality .
 I purchased this video for my son 's birthday who just turned 14 . He absolutely loved it . I myself have seen all the Heavy Metal animations & highly recomend them to anyone who likes sci-fi . I would also like to add that I recieved it in less than a week from Amazon . Keep up the good work !
 This DVD is definately worth purchasing but not for the movie -LRB- explained at the end -RRB- . Heavy Metal 2000 is a linear plot about a woman seeking revenge on a lunatic , posessed by an alien power , who destroyed her home planet.Standard science fiction plot with no twists.The single story line is a departure from the vingette style of the original heavy metal movie . This has the advantage of allowing a more coherent plot but has the disadvantage of not letting the artists explore as many different scenes and visual styles as they did in the original . I think that the illustration style of the sequel is better but not as original as the first movie . My personal pet peeve is the introduction of a poorly done CGI -LRB- computer generated image -RRB- at the end . Gimmicky and not effective.The sound effects are well done if you have a digital surround sound arrangement . However , the highlight of the movie is the great hard core soundtrack . Changing the DVD to the isolated sound track and just playing it for the music is well worth it.But the best reason to buy the DVD is the featurette on Julie Strain . I was not previously a fan of Julie Strain -LRB- did n't know her -RRB- but this woman is amazing . Her personality is captivating and her blunt , honest interview is a treat to watch . I can understand why she has a loyal following .
 I saw Heavy Metal back in 1996 when it was re-released and Ihad to just see Heavy Metal 2000 . Heavy Metal 2000 is a unique Sci-Fifantasy movie that demonstrates how immortalty can drive a person to evil . The movie is very entertaining . I do suggest you see the first Heavy Metal movie , that way you can apreciate this one more . I would recommend this to a true die hard Sci-Fi fan and to someone who is looking for a movie that is different . I dont reccommend this movie to younger kids as you can see its rated r. Overall its a good movie that keeps you entertained .
 I would like there to be more creative artsy movies like this as there is not enough of this kind of animation that is not anamie for adults .
 What more can I say then I Love it , Love it , Love it , Love it , Final Criticsm
 It 's better than I expected , I thought of this animation movie following the cult hit of the same name of 1981 . Julie Strain is the muse that has inspired the animators for creating the heroine of this movie -LRB- and any film with Julie in it , even as a cartoon clone , is worth all your time , trust me -RRB- . The story is nothing particular , but it 's fun to watch . There is also a good heavy metal score that prevades the movie . Beware
 I have just rented Heavy Metal 2000 , and I must admit that I loved it . As a fan of anime , I have seen the original 80 's film . And while it is a great film , particularly in the areas of animation it did n't live up to it 's potential . Heavy Metal 2000 is brilliantly created , and I found the plot to be exciting . There are quite a few scenes of T&A , as well as animated gore -LRB- keeping in spirit with the graphic magazine -RRB- so this film is NOT for children . But if you are a fan of smart Adult animation along the same vein as Ralph Bashski , then this you 'll love it .
 The first Heavy Metal was the best , but have to say Heavy Metal 2000 was overall a pretty good sequel .
 I like Heavy Metal 2000 , but it needs to make it more exciting like extremely sexual , and blood . I hope they will make new one in the future more sexual , and violence . Put caucasian , hispanic , and asian in the movie , and make it more attractive .
 - I bought the new release of the original Heavy Metal and Heavy Metal 2000 at the same time . I found myself remembering almost every scene in the original movie , even though I had n't seen it in over 20 years . Then I watched HM2000 . About halfway through I vaguely recalled that I had seen it before , but there was n't one single scene that I clearly remembered - and I probably only saw it about three years ago . It was that forgettable , that ordinary.Don ' t get me wrong ; this is n't necessarily a bad film . The animation is very well done , very slick and seamless . The writing and voice acting is competent and professional . The sound track is certainly better incorporated into the animation and story than it was in the original . Everything was competently done , it was just ... . ordinary . Nothing jumped out at you . It was like a Saturday morning cartoon episode - just with a little more violence , and a lot more animated nudity -LRB- animated nudity - I mean what 's the point ? -RRB- Personally , I 'd save my money and buy the new release of the original Heavy Metal . Sure , the animation looks crude by today 's standards - but it was done the old , time-consuming , expensive way of drawing one cell at a time . The original was also crammed full of a variety of different animation styles and story lines . Perhaps that was because it was the first big budget science fiction animated feature and the people involved had so much enthusiasm that they tried to do too much . In contrast , I do n't think anyone got too enthusiastic about this film . Sure , they did a solid job of craftsmanship , but where is the originality , the fire , the spirit ? Kind of reminds me of the original heavy Metal magazine , it started out fresh and new and just slowly petered out to nothing ...
 I had saw this and bought it sense both my older brother and dad both like the first heavy metal movie . So I bought it to go along with their collection for christmas . I know this would be a good gift to add to their collection .
 The first Heavy Metal was awesome . I think everyone on the planet has a copy . This one will blow you away . All new stories and amazing characters . The animation is great . I highly recommend this one .
 I 've been a Heavy Metal fan from way back , use to read them all the time , when i could get them here in Oz , now it 's on dvd , thats a plus ...
 It took me a while to decide to buy this movie , since many reviews butchered it extensively . One day I summoned my courage , entered Amazon , and ordered it , figuring that , as a worst-case scenario , I was going to get a dose of animated gore and unnecesary sex.Well ... I was surprised . There is a storyline , there are well devined characters , it entertained me throughout the story . Al the ingrdients are in
 This is not a `` bad '' movie , it just has absolutely nothing to do with Heavy Metal . It 's more like the anime movies popular at the time , which were serious cartoons with a science-fiction plot.If you 're expecting a sequel to Heavy Metal , do n't buy this - Heavy Metal 2000 is a completely different movie which makes use of the Heavy Metal brand name . But it 's still a good movie .
 I think the show is really great , but they should n't let Matt & Trey talk at the beginning of every episode.I really loved most of the shows on the DVD set . I especially like Cartman with his `` Screw you guys , I 'm going home '' & `` Respect my authority '' . I also like Mr. Hanky the Christmas Poop . The school counselor is also funny with his `` Drugs are bad . OK . Alcohol is bad . OK '' South Park is a pretty -LSB- messed up -RSB- town , I guess that 's what makes it so funny.Matt & Trey should stick to making the show and not appear at the beginning of every show with `` This is our favorite show '' ... The people who put out these DVDs should put their commentaries in the special features or put in chapters so we would n't have to have to watch them with their boring jokes , we could skip them .
 Buy all three seasons you deserve it .
 Man I cant wait for this second `` Kick *** '' season box set ! The first season was awsome and I cant wait to add the next one in ! Ive already seen most of these episodes and I can assure you that they are funny as hell with holarious quotes , characters , and the elusive secret to who Cartmans dad is ! Sadly there will be no commentary by the genius creators bu Im going to blame that on Warner Brothers and not them , but I hear that there will be many other good extra features that you can look forward to.So come on down to south park and be prepared to watch this over and over again once you buy it !
 I LOVE them !! I 've watched all episodes on television , ` nd I ca n't wait for this DVD to come out !! I own the first season ... I gave it only 4 stars . But thats because it 's the first season , it 's never as good as the upcoming seasons ! I hope everyone will love this as much as the movie , and I think they will ! If you have not seen this on cable or on DVD , do n't review it with one star , like most of you reviewers do !! First watch or buy ! And do Buy !! You 'll love ... If you like the Simpsons , you like South Park , specialy ` Cartman ' !! He 's SO funny ... And if you liked the first season , you 'll love the second , believe me !! Buy it when it comes out !
 Like a fine wine , this season only gets better with age.Every time I go back and re-watch South Park from beginning to end , I learn to enjoy Season Two even more . While some people revere Season Five as their break away , Season Two offers the excellent development of the most beloved South Park characters and themes . It introduces more mystery stories , features the first full Terrance and Phillip episode , shows South Park 's ability to satirize current events and fads , and displays amazing creativity with a Three episode intertwined story.I implore you to purchase this DVD new , or watch the full episodes for free online at the official South Park website -LSB- ... -RSB- . However to get the full experience you have to buy the DVD , one of the greatest reasons to own the DVDs is the hilarious introductions by creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone.Enjoy this art !
 ... maybe its my fav bc it was when i first starting watching it in like 3rd grade . the first episode i ever was the chicken effer episode and i remember thinking it was the most hilarious thing id ever seen . but all the other episodes just add to the hilarity of this season ... the most memorable one i think is the drugs are bad episode with mr mackey , who hasnt seen that one . some of my other favs are the divorce one with fat abbot from the hood , i think that was the funniest thing ive ever seen . the chickenpox , the planterium episode , cow days , the list goes on and on , if i could only own one season it would be this one . I just wish the newer seasons were as funny as these but theyre just not . theyve lost the immaturity and theyre just trying to shock people now , which is good too , but the old episodes used to do both ... it was more childish and immature i guess , which is my kind of humor . u can get it used for a really good price so pick it up if you havent already its really good ... its one of the funniest shows ever made . one more thing i almost forgot to mention were the opening sequences b4 the show starts ... the bakin bacon thing ... omg just hilarious and the bacon casserole looked delicious but id probably die from a heart attack after one bite . check this dvd out ull love it !
 Television programs usually have an unwritten code that making fun of some things is just plain wrong and telling lies or demeaning celebrities can get you sued ... except when it comes to South Park.For some reason South Park seems to have been granted immunity from criticism by the masses . It is the only show that appears to be able to do anything it wants , however it wants , whenever it wants , and gets away with it scott free . Sure the hotlines to the television watchdogs might be ringing off the hooks when it really gets offensive but quite frankly nobody is answering because it seems that the world just likes a good old demented outlet now and again and the safest venue appears to be the adult cartoon South Park.The concept is simple . Combine dumbeddown 2D animation with unique characters with quite interesting and deep personalities with complex backgrounds combined with outrageous stories , horrific sequences , extremely black humour , absolute stupidity , relationships gone wrong , real life famous personalities , layers of offensive material so nobody gets away unscathed , all within the framework of a small backward town that is on the tip of exploding into mayhem for one reason or another . It is all outrageous stuff ... but bravo to the makers because its sooooo very funny.Matt Stone and Tray Parker just let their minds loose every episode to come up some of the craziest television that is so original in concept that nothing out there can compete . At the same time you either love or it or hate it . There is no middle ground . You either find it 1 star extremely obnoxious or 5 stars ridiculously funny.The downside to Season 2 is that the start is nothing like Season 1 and almost runs into to becoming simply not-funny for the first few episodes . It does get better and so some misses lets the season down but the makers pick up the pace and correct it for some of the funniest South Park to date . While season one was quite limited to only 13 episodes , season 2 has 18 ! Episodes include Philip and Terrence , Cartman 's mom , chickens , circumcision , conjoined fetuses , frogs , alternative dimensions , summer holidays , Chef 's chocolates , diseases , planetarium , divorce , cows , live aid , killer fish , Charlie Manson , gnomes and prehistoric icemen .
 I have enjoyed this show from the beginning , and some of the funniest episodes are in the first 2 seasons . I am very glad that I bought this DVD set !
 the whole season at a time is great to watch and we have really enjoyed it .
 This is one of the best seasons of South Park . If you are unaware of what the show is about , it is about four foul mouth kids living in Colorado . It is cutting edge humor , that is often in response to the current events of the time . This is not just vulgarity , it is very biting sarcasm found in these episodes and it shocks as well as makes you laugh . Not for those who are easily offended , for everyone else it is a good time .
 The adventures of South Park , Colorado 's intelligent and potty-mouthed third-graders continue in this 18-episode second season collection . Season one ended with a cliffhanger that promised to reveal the identity of Cartman 's father . The air date for the second season was on April Fool 's Day , so instead of the conclusion to the cliffhanger , viewers were treated to a special episode of `` Terrance and Phillip '' . In season two the viewers meet the school guidance counselor , Mr. Mackey , for the first time -LRB- o'kay -RRB- , meet the school nurse for the first time , relive some favorite SOUTH PARK moments from the perspective of the kids , are offered to taste of Chef 's salty chocolate balls , see the kids suffer through chickenpox , spend a Christmas with Charles Manson , visit the underground lair of the underpants gnomes , and see a man come to life who was frozen in ice since 1996 . The episodes on the season are as follows . `` Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus '' -- The Canadian farting friends , Terrance and Phillip , rescue Terrance 's daughter Sally from the Middle East while Saddam Hussein uses the rescue as an attempt to take over Canada . `` Cartman 's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut '' -- The boys wait for Mephisto to recover from his gunshot wound so that Cartman can find out who his father is . Meanwhile , South Park is hit with a blizzard and many of the town 's citizens resort to cannibalism to stay alive . `` Chickenlover '' -- Someone is going around South Park raping chickens . Officer Barbrady is on the case , but is put on probation after he announces he ca n't read . The boys are deputized to help solve the case and Cartman becomes a criminal 's worst nightmare . `` Ike 's Wee Wee '' -- Ike 's going to be circumcised . Kyle thinks it means his parents and rabbi are going to cut off Ike 's Wee Wee so he sends him on a train to protect them . Meanwhile , the school guidance counselor , Mr. Mackey is fired and falls into a life of drugs and alcohol . `` Conjoined Fetus Lady '' -- Meet the school nurse , she has a dead fetus attached to her forehead . Also , the boys travel to China and compete in the World Championship Dodgeball Game . `` The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka '' -- After the boys believe that Stan 's uncle Ned and his friend Jimbo lied to them about their exploits in Vietnam , the boys trick Ned and Jimbo . Meanwhile , `` Jesus and Pals '' attempts to compete with the ratings juggernaut of Ned and Jimbo 's cable access show . `` Flashbacks '' -- the schoolbus almost drives off a cliff . While waiting to be rescued , the boys relive some of their favorite adventures so far , complete with a sitcom laugh track . `` Summer Sucks '' -- School 's out and the boys are bored . They 're looking forward to the 4th of July until they 're informed they can no longer buy fireworks . The mayor tries to fix things by burning the world 's largest snake . Meanwhile Ned and Jimbo travel to Mexico to get some real fireworks for the kids , Mr. Hat leaves Mr. Garrison , and Cartman has to take swimming lessons . `` Chef 's Salty Chocolate Balls '' -- Robert Redford brings a new film festival to South Park turning the quaint mountain community into a mini-Los Angeles . The strain causes the sewer systems of the town to overload and bring Mr. Hankey , the Christmas Poo to the brink of death . Meanwhile , Chef tries to earn some extra money by selling his tasty confectionaries . Look for the obvious allusions to E.T. and PHANTOM OF THE OPERA . `` Chickenpox '' -- the boys ' parents have them all spend the night at Kenny 's in an attempt to give them the chickenpox . Kyle 's mother arranges for Kyle 's Dad to go on fishing trip with his old friend , Kenny 's Dad . `` Roger Ebert Should Lay Off the Fatty Foods '' -- in this takeoff of a Star Trek episode , the children visit the planetarium and are strangely drawn to keep returning . Cartman skips out on the trip and tries to gain some national fame by auditioning for a Cheesy Poofs commercial . `` Clubhouses '' -- Wendy promises Stan to play Truth or Dare with him if he invites her to his clubhouse . Stan does n't have a clubhouse and has to build one . Wendy 's friend Bebe thinks Kyle is hot and want to make out with him in Stan 's clubhouse . Cartman gets angry at Stan and Kyle and builds his own clubhouse with Kenny . Also , Stan 's parents get divorced . `` Cow Days '' -- At South Park 's annual Cow Days the boys are determined to win some Terrance and Phillip dolls from a crooked vendor . When Cartman receives a blow to the head , he thinks he is a Vietamese prostitute named Ming Li and the boys use him to enter a bull-riding contest in an attempt to win $ 5,000 . `` Chef Aid '' -- Chef sues a music company to get credit for a popular song he wrote entitled `` Stinky Britches '' . He looses his case and is left broke by the record company . He starts whoring himself to all the women of South Park in an attempt to raise some money . Meanwhile , the boys seek out some of Chef 's famous friends from the music business and hold a music benefit concert . `` Spookyfish '' -- A Halloween episode . Aunt Flow makes her monthly visit to Stan 's Mom Sharon and gives him a pet goldfish . Stan believes the fish is demonic , but no one believes him until dead bodies start showing up in his room . When the boys befriend an `` evil '' Cartman from another universe they discover that a portal to another dimension has been opened and they have to find a way to close it . `` Merry Christmas Charlie Manson ! '' -- the boys travel to Cartman 's Grandparent 's house to spend the night and eat a holiday dinner . Cartman 's Uncle Howard breaks out of prison and brings Charlie Manson with him . `` Gnomes '' -- Mr. Garrison 's is being evaluated by the school board and assigns Kyle , Stan , Kenny , and Cartman are assigned to write a report with Tweek to present before the school board . The boys ca n't think of anything to write and are saved from failure when Tweek 's dad promises to write their paper for them . He write a brilliant piece of exposition about the evils of big corporations -LRB- such as the Harbucks Coffee that is moving next door and threatening to put Tweek Coffee out of business -RRB- . Meanwhile , Tweek tries to convince everyone that there are gnomes that steal his underwear . `` Prehistoric Ice Man '' -- Kyle and Stan uncover a frozen man in an ice cave . Dr. Mephisto thaws the man out and he comes out of hibernation . It turns out he 's a missing hiker who got lost in 1996 . The man seem unable of coping with how much the world has changed in three years and wants to go back to his own time , but the government wants to keep him as a permanent display.The first twelve episodes in the series are prefaced by an introduction with Matt Parker and Trey Stone . The Terrance and Phillip episode is as close to a real introduction these two ever give and they explain the why they did things at the start of season two that they did -LRB- April Fools ! -RRB- . The next few episodes have Matt and Trey playing at a retirement home and the rest of the introductions feature them hosting their own cooking show , `` Makin ' Bacon with Macon . '' Out of all the `` intros '' they have done for the shows , these are the most disturbing I have seen
 This is easily one of the best seasons of southpark , and for a much better price than several other places I looked . It 's only $ 25 here , but I 've seen it for 39.99 . This season is nothing to f *** with , and you should respect it 's authority !
 Although season one was excellent , season two is where South Park really starts to hit its stride , starting with the April Fool 's season premiere in which we were supposed to find out Cartman 's parentage and sit through a Terrance and Phillip episode instead . What is really hilarious about this April Fool 's joke are the irate callers to the show who use a great deal of colorful language to voice their dismay . In `` Chicken Lover '' , the town lawman , Officer Barbrady , is discovered to be illiterate and must return to elementary school ... a task he seems to like just a little too much . Cartman offers to take up the slack of patrolling while Barbrady is in school , and we are treated to a `` Cops '' style interview of Cartman while he is patrolling on his bigwheel , nightstick and sunglasses in tow . In `` Summer Sucks '' , a law has been passed outlawing all fireworks except snakes . Thus , the town builds a giant incendiary snake for the 4th of July . When it is ignited it gets out of control and manages to kill animated guest star `` Dr. Katz '' as he is psychoanalyzing Mr. Garrison . This season also contains two of my favorite episodes of all times , `` Gnomes '' and `` Ike 's Wee Wee '' . In `` Ike 's Wee Wee '' Kyle misunderstands what a circumcision is , and to save his brother from this horrible fate , puts Ike on a train to Nebraska until his parents are sane again and it is safe for Ike to return . When everything is cleared up , Ike 's parents arrive at the station in Nebraska and look for Ike , and find him in a local bar being used as a table post . Also during this episode , Principal Victoria probably has the quote of the season whe she observes `` There is a time and place for everything ... and it 's called college ! '' in reference to some marijuana that has been stolen during a third grade lecture on drug use . We also learn that apparently college kids have a unique and not entirely wholesome use for the show `` Teletubbies '' . In `` Gnomes '' the boys have to write a paper on business and are helped by underwear gnomes that have been stealing the underwear of their over-caffeinated friend Tweek . The gnomes are stealing underwear as part of their 3 step business plan :1 . Steal underwear .2 . They do n't know yet .3 . Make lots of money.It 's odd how this looks like the business plan of several people I know , and it is also odd how step two is always the hard part.I really enjoyed this season of South Park , and I highly recommend it 's smart brand of humor.P.S . I am reviewing season two here because I have the room to go into details . However , if you already know you like the entire series , seasons 1-5 are now selling as a package set on Amazon for about $ 20 less than what you would pay if you bought each of the first five seasons individually .
 the second season of south park brings timeless classics and offers some of the funniest episodes . in season 2 cartman , kyle , stan , and kenny deal with the identity of cartmans mom , meet a conjoined fetus lady , take on the mexican starring frog , learn about drugs , protect ike from getting circumsized , and one of my favorite episodes the infaomous cow days carnivale . south park may sometimes be racial and extremly rude but thats what makes the show funny . also see the south park movie that will leave you laughing all the way through .
 I remember one day I was in school and one of the kids had a South Park hat on with the 4 kids at the bus stop and for some reason everybody was like `` wow , neato ! '' and `` I got ta get me one ! '' . Of course no one figured out where he got it since our stores here suck . The second season has some classic episodes and they really start their biting satire here with some great results.Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus
 The second season has some classic episodes like Cartman 's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut -LRB- 2 -RRB- , Ike 's Wee Wee , Conjoined Fetus Lady , City on the Edge of Forever -LRB- a.k.a. Flashbacks -RRB- , Summer Sucks , Chickenpox , Clubhouses , Merry Christmas Charlie Manson ! , and many other great episodes . Cant wait to get seasons 3-5 and the other seasons sets that will be coming out in the future .
 This set includes the infamous April Fools joke where they showed a Terrance and Philip special instead of the payoff for the season one cliffhanger . It 's funnier than I first thought when I saw it on that fatefull April first , and that is coming from a Canadian ! Furthermore , my favorite episode of all time , The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Shri Lanka , is in this set . For everyone who hated playing dodge ball in school , who is sick of film festivals that sold out years ago , who just knew that their pet fish was a serial killer , this is the set for you .
 Anyone who likes this show will love the second season . I do n't regret buying it at all and every episode is great . I encourage anyone who likes this show to go and buy this set of DVDs !!
 Not without my anus , Chef aid , chickenf *** er . These are all great episodes from the second season of a little show called South Park . The first season was classic but these 18 episodes blew it out of the water and made the show a staple of American TV comedy . Thank you Matt Stone and Trey Parker for your hilarious show .
 It is hard to believe that this show is only 10 years old ! I feel like I have been watching it forever . This season , like all the ones that follow keep pushing the envelop . South Park is one of the most important and smartest written shows ever produced . Once again the DVD release could be better , but it does seem a little better that the first season release .
 This season of south park is very funny with some great episodes . Would have been nice to have more extras -LRB- commentrys etc. -RRB- but the documentary is fine and the intros are very funny . Highly recommended !
 I used to think that South Park was stupid and crass , boy was I wrong ! The more I watched the more I realized that Trey and Matt were comic masters . The terrance and phillip not without my anus is hillarious and it just gets better from there . Timely , witty , biting social commentary is what I have come to expect from the boys and they deliver it in this season two package . The only thing I do n't care for is the little Mat and Trey opening bits one time they are funny , after that annoying .
 this is so great ... you can finally get all the south park episodes on dvd . and season 2 is one of the best seasons . the first i ever saw of south park was the chicken lover episode , and ever since then ive been hooked . contains such episodes as chefs chocolate salty balls , clubhouses -LRB- my favorite on this dvd -RRB- chickenpox , chef aid , etc. all of them are good . you must get this if you are a south park fan . anyone with an immature and dark sense of humor should buy this . its of the best cartoons ever made .
 The second season opens with Matt and Trey explaining why they ran `` Terrance and Phillip in Not without my Anus '' on April Fools day rather then the conclusion to the episode about who is Cartman 's father.The second disk seemed to have some editing problems . The sound for Matt and Trey 's opening was low and yet the shows had a normal sound level . Be careful or you will get blasted.Overall I liked all episodes.Terrance and Phillip in not without my Anus
 First of all i 'm from the u.k so i got the south park season 's 1-4 box sets a long time ago . but then when i found out that better sets were going to be relest in the u.s i decided to stop collecting the one from the u.k and start collecting them from the u.s -LRB- yes i do have a multiregion DVD player -RRB- Here are the episode 's that will be in this set . i will also give my rating on each episode201 . Not without my anus 10/10202 . Cartman 's mom is still a dirty slut 10/10203 . chicken lover 10/10204 . ike 's wee wee 8/10205 . conjoiend fetus lady 10/10206 . the mexican staring frog of sourthern sri lunka 10/10207 . city on the edge forever -LRB- a.k.a flashbacks -RRB- 10/10208 . summer sucks 10/10209 . Chef 's salty chocolate balls 9/10210 . chickenpox 10/10211 . rodger ebert should lay off the fatty foods 10/10212 . clubhouses 10/10213 . cow day 's 9/10214 . chef aid 9/10215 . spooky fish 10/10216 . merry christmas charlie manson 8/10217 . gnomes 9/10218 . prehistoric ice man 10/10The special fetures will incluedFull Frame , English Dolby Digital 2.0 , English , French , and Spanish subtitles Documentary , Music Video , TV Spot , and A Making Of featureSadley there will be no audio commentary from matt and trey . But please dont blame them blame waner bros if they just kept the season one commetary on the dvd they wouldent be in this mess
 South Park is the funniest show on television . I 'm glad the seasons are being released on DVD , but WB should have made it better , mostly because of the lack of commentary . But I 'd like to point one thing out
 South Park ... over 100 episodes and they 're still going to make more new episodes in October . If you 're reading this review you 've probably bought Season 1 on DVD and are thinking about getting Season 2 . This DVD has 18 classic episodes and contains some of my personal favorites including Chicken Lover -LRB- You will respect my authoritah ! -RRB- , Chef 's Chocolate Salty Balls , Prehistoric Iceman , and the episode revealing who Cratman 's father is . Special Features include subtitles , the documentary `` Goin ' Down to South Park '' , the music video for Chef 's Chocolate Salty Balls '' , and the original Unaired Pilot . The Unaired Pilot is the original first episode but 28 minutes long . That original episode was made out of constucion paper by Eric Stough , Trey Parker , and Matt Stone in a room the size of a closet and took three months to make . If you 're a fan of the show this is a must have .5 stars out of 5 .
 Season 2 is my personal favorite season of South Park.Descripctions : * The INSANEST and TWISTED episodes are Spooky Vision and Flashbacks !!!! * The FUNNIEST and SENSELESS episodes are Chikenlover and Gnomes !!!! * The COOLEST episodes are Chef Aid and Clubhouses -LRB- my personal favorite episode -RRB- . There are another funny stufs like Wendy and Stan watching gay `` indi '' films , MR. Garrison diving in poo , MR. Mackey gets `` High '' , the boys spend the night with Charles Manson and Cartman dancing the german dance.Season 1 and 2 are the best and classic seasons , the others were great but not THAT special and classic as the first two seasons.Here is the BEST of each season : * Season 1 - Cartman 's Anal Probe , Big Gay Al , Pink Eye and Cartman 's Mom is a Slut . * Season 2 - Chikenlover , Chef Aid , Spooky Vision and Gnomes . * Season 3 - Starvin Marvin in Space , World Wide Concert and Chinpoko Mon. * Season 4 - This is one of the VERY BEST seasons of South Park . * Season 5 - Scott Tenorman , Towelie , Cripple Fight and Osama Bin Laden . * Season 6 - This is one of the VERY BEST seasons of South Park . * Season 7 - Is GREAT but not THAT cool except for Cancelled and Cristian Rock Hard . * Season 8 - The best episodes until now are Fun with Weapons and Passion of the Jew but is still GOOD.ADIOS !!!
 I 'm back with my second South Park review . Like I said before , this show is vulgar , and inappropriate for young children
 Well , first off let me say that the second season of South Park was a major improvement from the first . But , the second season DVD set is a step down , because the entire disc 3 has no introductions whatsoever . The episodes are great , but c'mon those intros were the real reason why people buy these right ? Well , basically this season is a look into the world of the relationship between beastiality and literacy , and gay cowboys eating pudding.I love South Park and I ca n't wait for season 3 , and 4 , and 5 , and 6 , and 7 , and so on and so forth .
 South Park is the funniest show on television . I 'm glad the seasons are being released on DVD , but WB should have made it better , mostly because of the lack of commentary . But I 'd like to point one thing out
 This season has brought a lot of funny moments . Chef 's salty chocolate balls , many guest stars -LRB- who actually lend their voices -RRB- were on here like Joe Strummer -LRB- of the Clash -RRB- , Ozzy Osbourne , Elton John , Rancid , and many others , Chicken Lover , the introduction of Tweek , and many more . I actually have the Warner Bros version of this set -LRB- along with the 1st season -RRB- and although I ca n't skip a chapter , it does have subtitles . If you are new to South Park , this is the way to go .
 This is not my favorite season of the released four . I think its mainly due to the fact that the comic value of the first episode with terrance and phillip went down as the episode progressed ... c'mon . . the fart jokes got kinda old . You can only fart so much in a single episode and keep it funny . This season set however does contain some of the best classics ever such as when Cartman becomes the law enforcer with `` authoritah '' , when spookyfish kills people and when Cartman tries out for the cheezy poof commercials . South Park is definitely worth owning and the series set just isnt complete without season2 ... mmmmkay ?
 ... came with the 2nd season . Like 4 days after buying Season 1 , I bought Season 2 because Season 1 was so good ! Here are my perspectives on the episodes which build on Season 1 's level of greatness :201 - Terrance and Phillip in `` Not Without My Anus '' 10/10 Really funny , I luv Terrance and Phillip202 - Cartman 's Mom Is Still A Dirty Sl * t 10/10 I was surprised when I found out I was like OH MY GOD ! 203 - Chickenlover 8/10 Not as good as I thought it would be204 - Ike 's Wee Wee 9/10 Mr. Mackey on drugs is awesome205 - Conjoined Fetus Lady 9/10 The dodgeball B-side is pretty cool206 - The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka 9/10 Another great show207 - City On The Edge Of Forever 10/10 One of my favouries from this season , I love the screwed-up flashbacks208 - Summer Sucks 9/10 What idiot would light a giant snake in real life ? 209 - Chef 's Salty Chocolate Balls 7/10 I like Mr.Hankey , but this is definitely the weakest from this season210 - Chickenpox 10/10 Absolutely hilarious211 - Roger Ebert Should Lay Off The Fatty Foods 9/10 Planeariums forever ! 212 - Clubhouses 9/10 Roy + Stan = Not working well213 - Cow Days 9/10 The cows are super cool214 - Chef Aid 8/10 Again , not as good as I 'd thought it would be215 - Spookyfish 9/10 Great episode , not as good as Pinkeye216 - Merry Christmas , Charlie Manson ! 10/10 One of my favourite Xmas specials217 - Gnomes 9/10 Underpants gnomes , well I never ... 218 - Prehistoric Ice Man 9/10 This one is awesome , I love the guy from 1996 ! My Advice
 i love south park . i bought this one because it has all of my favorite episodes ! like summer sucks , chickenpocks , spooky fish , ike 's wee wee , merry christmas charlie manson , chefs salty balls , they are all very funny and enjoyable . Plus its only about $ 30 which is very reasonable . of you want a very very good laughs inSouth Park , this is the one to go beacuse season one and two are the classics .
 The episodes are all great . But does anyone know how to turn off those commentaries at the beginning of each episode . I find them extremely annoying . Anyone agree ?
 `` I ` sa pop ' a yo ` ba bitch ' a ass ` a , too ` ba ... bitch ` a. '' `` So , what kind of side-dishes will we be enjoying this evening with our frozen waffles ? '' `` Now , now , let 's try to watch the language . There 's children present h ` myah . '' `` Dude , you got herpes on your face ! '' `` Too much tofu and kouskous have ruined my environment . '' `` No , I ca n't , I 'm late for a screening . No , I 'll call you from the theater . '' `` Now that 's what I call a sticky situation . '' `` And mari-juwana 's bad , m ` kay ? Mari-juwana makes you feel low and depressed . '' `` I 'm trippin ' out , dude , this is totally killer . '' `` I hope this goes on for , like , seven months , man . '' `` Be sure to join us next week for Laser Kenny Loggins and Laser James Taylor . '' `` Girl , just suck on my salty chocolate balls -LRB- put 'em in your mouth -RRB- Put 'em in your mouth and suck 'em and suck 'em ... '' `` Did it talk ... ? The little fetus
 I have 12 seasons of south park on DVD and am now getting tired of South Park I will see what I do from here on out .
 This season of South Park is absolutely hilarious . It 's got some of the best episodes of SP like Flashbacks , The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka , and more . This season also inroduces Tweek which is one of the best characters . This season is a little more money than the first season but it 's worth it . All I have to say is
 I love this show . Not more than god of course . I like the episodes . one of the best is chickenlover . I also like the one where stan gets the killer fish . This show is NOT for kids under 16 ! this is one of the best seasons yet to come . ca n't wait till season four to come on dvd .
 `` Terrance and Phillip are to our generation , what Martin and Lewis were to our parents '' says Fritz Flockenback of angerchronicles.com . `` Phillip deserved an oscar for his performance in ` not without my anus ' . He lit up the screen . '' said Bing Laloosh.The infamous first episode of season 2 , caused quite a stir in the media . Fans rioted against the creators . The network was flooded with calls . But when all is said and done , Terrance and Phillip are the best spin off since the Ropers.I can not wait to see this episode as it was intended to be seen , in letterbox , 5.1 dolby surrond .
 Although I think the show has been going downhill lately , the second season is when it hit its prime . The writing is sharp and hilarious . Every episode is a classic one . I almost died laughing when cartman threw a chair at Ned while they were on The Jesus & Pals Show during the episode `` The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka '' . I also love Barbara Streisands picture in the corners of the screen during `` Spooky Fish '' It was truly terrifying . Another classic moment is Cartman trying to stick his thumb in various animal 's -LSB- rear-end 's -RSB- during `` Prehistoric Ice-Man '' Overall , this is a great season -LRB- although not the best one -RRB- and any south park fan , or comedy fan who is not easily offended by swearing should buy it .
 My favorite Epsides are Merry Christmas Charlie Manson ! , I heard that the penatentary -LSB- s.p -RSB- that Charlie Manson is in will close , but It might be a rumor . I also love Spooky Fish . Stan : You think I did all this , but I 'll proove to you it was this -LSB- beeping -RSB- fish Cartman
 Everyone loves south park , i love the older season like this , everything was great and i really enjoy it . Will be back for the rest of the seasons
 South Park
 very quick delivery of this set of disks . . really enjoy south park and nice to have the entire season in one grouping
 Got it in the mail , case slightly damaged , but it looks like normal wear and tear . Very happy with it , thanks so very much
 I just got this , to replace my existing 2nd season set , due to read errors . This new box is much nicer than my 10 year old one , and the artwork is nice . Of course the episodes are incredible , as always .
 Being a SP fan , always wanted to get the DVD sets and always hesitated due to the price of each season in retail or from spstudios site.But , like always Amazon is Amazing place to buy new & used stuff @ unbelievable prices.Initially I thought the quality of the used dvd set would be so-so . But , when I opened the packaging , saw that it was factory sealed and looks brand new.Not sure if its really new or used.Unable to tell the difference.I am forced to assume its new and the seller is being too modest ; Else its a used dvd set in an exceptional condition which got packaged beautifully . Either way , the product is in awesome condition.Havent yet opened the seal.But will update this post with new details after opening it .
 Most people , including Trey Parker and Matt Stone themselves , think this is the worst season of South Park ... and it is . However , that 's like trying to name Christopher Nolan 's worst film even though it 's still terrific.True , the show really started coming together around the third season and the rest is history ; South Park is now entering it 's fifteenth run of shows and seems to just keep getting better with age . The kind of brilliant social and political satire that has become a staple of the adult cartoon was n't as apparent in the first two seasons . In this batch of shows , for example , there are n't many celebrity parodies or biting pokes at religion . Instead , we have Mr. Garrison trying to decide which hand puppet he should spend the rest of his life with ; Underpants Gnomes are determined that if they steal underwear they will somehow collect a profit , and the Chickenlover certainly has twisted ways of teaching children `` the magic of reading . `` These early shows are more focused on the bizarre characters that inhabit the zany world of South Park and some of the episodes rank among my very favorites . Sure , in recent years you can count on Trey and Matt to give a good roasting of everyone and every current event imaginable but sometimes it 's nice as a South Park fan to go back and check out the shows that did n't really have anything to say ... they just wanted to tickle your funny bone and believe me , they do .
 Classic season two of South Park was a huge success . Almost every one of these episodes was brilliant and hilarious . It 's sad that the opening episode , `` Not Without My Anus , '' an April Fool 's joke that was sprung on an unsuspecting populace that had been waiting for the conclusion of the cliffhanger `` Cartman 's Mom is a Dirty Slut '' from season 1 for over a month , ended up turning so many people off on the series who did n't come back for years or never came back at all . `` Chickenlover , '' `` Chef 's Chocolate Salty Balls , '' `` Spookyfish , '' `` Prehistoric Ice Man , '' and `` The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka '' are all absolute comedy gold . The only weak episodes in this season were `` Merry Christmas , Charlie Manson ! '' and the overrated `` Gnomes . ''
 This is definitely one of the best if not best DVD by south park . It has a lot of classics , totally hilarious , must watch !!! `` CHICKEN LOVER '' `` Respect my athoritie !!! ''
 OK I 've seen most of the episodes and they are all funny . But I saw a reveiw that made me mad . This lady said to ban South Park because of what her son saw . First of all I do n't beleive the story , because I have a friend and sevarel cousins who are mentally challegenged . Noone says `` My retarded son . '' Come on . Even if this IS true , seriously , if you have a mentally chagllegened child , you need to ha a V-Chip in your TV , or at LEAST look sat the ratings . It 's obvious that it is rated TV-MA . What did you expect ? A show about flowewrs and lambs ? Where were you when he was watching this ? That 's just bad parenting through and through . Then he got beat up for saying a cuss word he saw on South Park ? And why was he playing in the park all alone ? You or a teacher or gudrian were WHERE when this happens ? You ca n't ban everything your do n't like . Heck , if I could do that Atheists and Liberals would all be banned from socitie ! So , lady , do n't tell it to us , OK ? Who 's with me on this ? I mean , it just sounds like terriable parenting to me ! By the way , I have seen MOST of the episodes on here . If your not offended easyily , by cussing or politically incorrectness , then this might be ashow for you . But it is an accuired tatse .
 this show is hilarious . and the episodes are hilarious . it even has the legendary sucky sucky 5 dolla episode . it also has one of my favorite episode `` chef aid '' . where chef sues a million dollar company and they sue him back and it has my favorite scene where there in the court room and the company gets the guy who saved O.J.Simpson . then he starts talking abouth chobawcka -LRB- i dont know how to spell it -RRB- and he says it doesnt make sense . it also has a behind the scene look at south park , it is also funny , the show you the teaser of `` south park bigger longer and uncut '' and they dont really talk about it . they also have a music video from chef `` chocalate salty balls '' its funny . get this dvd
 South Park is and always will be the master of comedy . It has always been a great show and still is to this day . I 've also purchased Season 1 which was n't as good as good as season 2 but was still amazing . This season marks moving over from fart jokes and senseless vulgarity . To witty jokes and structureed vulgarity . The episodes are presented in an even better format than last time . Plus everything is up to code . A job well done ! Thank You South Park !
 Thank you for sending the item in a timely manner ! Great condition and accurate description .
 the dvds came in the condition that they were promised and in a timely manner . thank you .
 I am a huge South Park fan , and this was the first full season I have ever bought . watching it on TV , I have never seen an episode I have n't loved , every single one has been funny , crude , and smart to the extreme , but after watching the first five minutes of the opening episode , a full length Terence and Phillip episode , I found myself drifting off to sleep without so much as a chuckle . Same with the next two episodes , Cartmans Mom is Still a Dirty **** and Chicken Lover . The jokes were bad , the political satire was cheesy , and did I mention the jokes were bad?Plus , another downside for this set , at least for the first two DVD 's is that there is a five minute skit before every episode with the creators either yelling at old people in a nursing home or feeding a pig bacon . Not cool , because i CA N'T SKIP THE STUPID THINGS ! If you press the skip button , it goes all the way to the next episode.Other than that though , this set is a definite winner . The rest of the episodes are very well done with that smart crude political and social satire that we 've come to love , making fun of everything from big business to Nebraskans -LRB- something I found really funny because I 'm from Nebraska myself -RRB- . They pull no punches in South Park , nothing is safe from the brilliant minds of these two dorks -LRB- their names i ca n't remember off the top of my head -RRB- . So go ahead , kill Kenny , join a cow cult , and play with a Christmas poop . if you do n't find this show offensive , your dead , but no matter what I guarantee you it is sure to have you rolling on the floor in laughter.Replay value ; high .
 This is still a sophomoric show with more than its share of low humor but it still has a strange appeal . The cast of characters consists primarily of a bunch of kids . They go through life getting themselves into sticky situations and generally come out of them better than the adults around them . Though animated , it is not a show for kids . The humor is adult in nature , often gross and always irreverent.Episode synopses follow : Terrence and Phillip in Not Without My Anus - Last season left off with a cliffhanger episode in which we had to wait for this season to find out the identity of Cartman 's dad . Instead of resolving the cliffhanger , though , they produced a special `` April Fool 's '' episode featuring Terrence and Phillip . It 's fairly lame.Cartman 's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut - The cliffhanger is resolved ... after the mad scientist is shot , put on life support , taken to the hospital etc. . Cartman is freaking out trying to figure out who his father is ... He does not take well to stress.Chickenlover - The kids get sent out to a bookmobile only to learn that the driver has a fetish for chickens . This is a crime that has little chance of being solved since the only policeman is illiterate.Ike 's Wee-Wee - Stan 's brother is going to be circumcised and the kids are invited to the celebration . They do n't really understand that it 's the first big ripoff in life.Conjoined Fetus Lady - Kyle hurts his nose playing dodgeball in school and is sent to the nurse . She has a conjoined twin fetus attached to her head . The town decides to raise awareness about this condition while the kids go to the dodgeball world championship in China.The Mexican Staring Frog of Souther Sri Lanka - The kids are assigned to interview of somebody who was in Vietnam . They interview a psycho uncle and his sidekick who host a hunting show . The show runs opposite a talk show run by Jesus.Flashback - The kids ' schoolbus gets caught on a cliff and the harridan/driver goes for help . The kids do a flashback episode while the driver develops a career as a comedian and falls in love.Summer Sucks - School lets out and the kids are looking forward to buying fireworks only to find that fireworks have now been banned.Chef 's Salty Chocolate Balls - The Sundance Film Festival gets moved to Southpark . The resulting influx of Hollywood types threatens to destroy the ecosystem of the local sewers.Chickenpox - Kenny has the chickenpox . When the moms learn that chickenpox is more dangerous for older people , they decide to send the kids to spend the night so they will get the disease young . The kids want vengeance.Roger Ebert Should Eat Less Fatty Foods - The kids visit a planetarium run by a strange man . It seems that his equipment is some sort of strange mind control device.Clubhouse - Stan and Kyle build a clubhouse so they will have a place to play truth or dare with the girls . Cartman and Kenny decide to build their own competing club.Cow Days - The kids investigate the midway at the local Cow Days . They blow their money trying to win Terrence and Phillip dolls . Meanwhile , the local cows form their own cult.Chef Aid - Chef finds out that a song he wrote 20 years ago has become a hit . When he raises the issue , the record company sues him . He winds up owing 2 million in legal fees and the kids try to raise money to help.Spookyfish - It 's a Halloween special and everything is weird . Stanley 's mother is having a monthly bout of PMS and strange things are happening . These include Cartman being nice and a haunted goldfish . Death and mayhem are the order of the day.Merry Christmas Charlie Manson - The kids go to visit Cartman 's grandparents and learn that Eric 's traits are genetic . While there , his uncle breaks out of prison and brings his friend , Charles Manson with him.Gnomes - The kids get assigned to write a report on current events in Southpark . One of the parents is fighting a corporate takeover of his business and writes the report for them . It 's a difficult choice over whether to submit the prewritten report or work on one about little gnomes stealing underwear late at night.Prehistoric Ice Man - While hunting for crocodiles in the mountains of Colorado , the kids find a body frozen in the ice . Theories abound as to whether the body is prehistoric or not even though it is dated to 1996 .
 I do not own any of these season dvd 's because i do not know if they are uncensored or not . are they ?
 Of course its awesome Its South Park . A group of foul mouth 4th graders that are bombarded with some of the most rediculous and offensive shinanagins imaginable .
 Well this tv show is so good cos if you like family guy and simpson 's you 'll love this cartoons too , you can enjoy this 4 guys and all kinds of things they do every single day , the only thing that is not so good is that you can only enjoy a few episodes from this season but its really fun and you wont get burried i really recomend you guys enjoy it
 the second season of south park offers more of the hilarious episodes we 've come to expect from matt & trey . from `` chicken lover '' -LRB- respect my athoritah -RRB- to `` flashbacks '' -LRB- now thats a sticky situation -RRB- to `` roger ebert should lay off the fatty foods '' -LRB- i want cheesy poofs you want cheesy poofs if we didnt have cheesy poofs we 'd be dead -RRB- , this immortal season has offered up tons of catchphrases that have found their way everywhere in american society . the DVD doesnt have many extras but the documentary going down to south park had me laughing my a.ss off . theres a scene where some tighta.ss is explaining why south park should be taken off the air that is so whiny its amazingly funny . even the intros to the episodes are hilarious . in one set matt and trey host a cooking show called `` makin bacon with macon '' where they toss bacon scraps to a pig . who thinks of this stuff ? five stars .
 After ending the first season of South Park with the cliffhanger of who is Cartman 's father , show creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone decided to play an April Fool 's prank -LRB- the second season 's premiere just so happaned to be on April Fool 's Day -RRB- by airing an all Terrance & Philip -LRB- two fart loving TV characters who the kids watch -RRB- episode called `` Not Without My Anus '' . Many fans were angered by this , which only showed how dedicated South Park 's fans are . After that the kids go through more misadventures including a christmas time meeting with Charles Manson , and the infamous Chef Aid episode where Chef is thrown in jail and the kids raise money to help him out by throwing a music festival -LRB- that episode includes special guest voices by Ozzy Osbourne , Elton John , Ike Turner , Rancid , and Primus among others -RRB- . The only thing disappointing about this DVD set are the lame extras . The intros from Parker and Stone are directly taken from the single disc releases of South Park episodes which included four episodes per disc . That aside however , if you 've never taken a trip to South Park , now 's the time to go .
 I want to complain that Trey Parker & Matt Stone go too far on `` South Park
 Nicely done . Nowadays , South Park has images of crap coming out of dead people 's bodies , Mr. Slave putting Paris Hilton up his butt after watching her cough up -LSB- something -RSB- , people getting shot in the head all the time , and much more coverage of current issues with fast twists . It was enough of this that it does n't appear intended to be funny . But this episode will take you back to the time before all that when it was fun . I do n't mind what they 're doing with the show , but they 're taking a turn for the worse , to something violently disturbing , or at least if any cartoon is going to disturb people , it 's South Park . Watching a dog commit suicide with a gun with every bloody detail , watching Chef die after becoming a child molestor . These kinds of episodes are difficult to laugh at . The episode I 'm rating and reviewing is City On The Edge of Forever , and it 's just great .
 Season 1 was groundbreaking , but season 2 is when it got really good . The April Fool 's joke was a good way to start it off , even though most people did n't think it was funny . This set includes such classics as Chickenlover , The Mexican Staring Frog Of Southern Sri Lanka , Chickenpox , and Prehistoric Ice Man , but my favorites are Clubhouses and Gnomes.This set should be owned by every South Park fan with a DVD player out there .
 I love the humor of Trey Parker and Michael Stone . The box that contains the dvds is easy to use . It is colorful and the artist who designed it clever . I wish the introductions of Parker and Stone had continued to the end of the third disk .
 Arrived in perfect sealed condition . One of my favorite seasons with the &#34; Respect my authority &#34; episode . Season 2 is a must have for any serious South Park fan .
 Story delightfully told - and every couple of minutes there was an eye opener - this guy did SO much ! How did I never hear of him before ? -LRB- aside from the fact that French music never gets across the Atlantic , unless it 's Edith Piaf -RRB-
 This is a MUST see film . One of the best biopics I have ever seen . You will want to purchase it for all your friends and family members that love music .
 It 's about a young boy when he was dreaming to be come a writer , artist , a lady 's man , and a singer . most of all he be came a family man at the end .
 While there are some `` fantastical '' elements to the movie , the movie itself is wonderful.It does n't add much new to the story of what we know -LRB- about his chain smoking , drinking , etc -RRB- , but it does a great job of bringing Serge to life , and showing us a bit more about his childhood . Eric does great job of playing Serge and even though I do n't much care for Jane Birkin , the actress that played her was a good fit as were the others .
 A great movie on Serge Gainsbourg . The actor that plays Serge really looks like him , and it 's easy to forget that you are watching a movie on his life and that he passed away back in the 90s .
 I 'd never heard of this but checked it out cuz it was filmed inRochester NY -LRB- an often over-looked city -RRB- and it has 1 of my fave actresses -- Ms. Dushku . The film is well paced and kept me on the edge of my seat until the very end . Dushku was perfect for the role -- moody and obsessed . With the recent arrest of Naso I hope more people will watch this gripping thriller .
 Eliza Dushku -LRB- WRONG TURN -RRB- plays Megan Paige , a cop driven to solve a series of child murders . She is even visited by spectres of the deceased victims . Unfortunately , she becomes so obsessed w / the baffling crimes that she has a mental breakdown , and attempts suicide . Megan is diagnosed w / schizophrenia , hospitalized , and loses her once prominant position in law enforcement . Her now ex-boyfriend and new boss -LRB- Cary Elwes from KISS THE GIRLS and SAW -RRB- gets her a job in the police records department . Of course , the bizarre killings continue , drawing Megan right back into the nightmare . THE ALPHABET KILLER is a solid suspense / thriller w / horror elements that could either be supernatural or psychological in nature -LRB- both ? -RRB- . Ms. Dushku is quite good in her role , as is Timothy Hutton -LRB- THE DARK HALF , THE KOVAK BOX , THE KILLING ROOM -RRB- as her friend . Also , watch for horror vet Michael Ironside -LRB- SCANNERS , STARSHIP TROOPERS , VISITING HOURS -RRB- as a smarmy cop ! Tom Noonan -LRB- MANHUNTER , THE ROOST -RRB- and Bill Moseley -LRB- HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES , THE DEVIL 'S REJECTS , DEAD AIR -RRB- also have cameo roles ! Enjoy ...
 starring Eliza Dushku from -LRB- Buffy , Tru Calling -RRB- she stars as a detective pursuing a killer that targets young female children based on the first letter of their name . As previously discussed in other reviews the plot for this one is actually carried out pretty well . I found myself liking it more because of what her character was dealing with while pursuing this killer . It causes her to pretty much lose it in more ways than one . I do n't like telling the plot of the movie , because it gives away too much for me . I like to be surprised and see where the movie takes you.The Alphabet Killer takes you on a nice ride and for the most part keeps your interest throughout primarily because of the actors/actresses that encompass the movie itself . They make it more than attention worthy and at the very least worthy of a weekend renting by anyone to see what its really all about . Not quite a 5 star movie but totally better than some of the other movie offerings i 've seen in the past few months .
 I live in Rochester , New York , so this was particularly interesting to me . I went to see it because of the tie to Rochester and I know one of the extras in the movie . It was based on a true story from the 1970s . I thought they did a great job on this movie and getting it close to the true story . Very entertaining and suspenseful .
 The Alphabet Killer is a pretty good and solid thriller . Like the majority of thrillers , it starts out slowly , but gradually picks up as it progresses . I really enjoyed seeing the police investigation and psychological aspects of the movie.I was especially impressed with Eliza Dushku ` s performance in the movie . She delivers one of her most mature performances to date as Meghan Paige . Eliza did a great job of portraying the dedicated , but troubled cop , especially in the breakdown scenes , which are some of the most realistic portrayal of schizophrenia i ` ve ever seen . I really think that this role is a nice step forward for Eliza . Also i feel that Meghan Paige is in a way the embodiment of the mental strain that investigators of serial killers go through . Just some food for thought.Anyway like i ` ve said earlier , The Alphabet Killer is a pretty good , well acted thriller . It is n`t the best thriller movie ever made , but at the same time it ` s very good to watch and will have you thinking a lot about the case portrayed in it .
 nice item . price is good . couldnt have asked for anything more . i was pleased with the overall purchase and everything .
 I bought this movie because I am a Eliza Dushku fan . I 've seen all the Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Tru Calling , Dollhouse . She is a great actress . But this movie was very interesting and had many twists and turns . It has a very interesting story line , I think you will enjoy it . It arrived quickly and was still factory sealed with the sticker across the top . I would recommend adding this to your collection .
 This is more psychological portrait than horror movie . Worth watching twice . The first time you focus on the plot twists and the trying to figure out the mystery . The second time , you appreciate how this is really a story of obsession and madness . The film is very well constructed and the understated acting of all involved , particularly Eliza Dushku draws you into the mindset of someone loosing it as they get deeper into unsolved crimes . By the end , you are seeing events through her eyes and it is difficult to tell what is real and what is imagination . All the more disturbing because it is based on a true story . As another reviewer states , the low light and washed out colors add to the atmosphere . And , how many films have you seen shot in Rochester ?
 Eliza steals the show in this movie . She really draws you into the movie and makes you feel so many different emotions . Also , the blu-ray itself does a great job in all areas . Plus , this movie is a cheap purchase so its a no brainer !!! Get it now !!!!
 I LOVED THIS MOVIE ! I 'm from Rochester , I remember the double initial murders , and I was the age of the victims when they happened . Eliza Dushku is great ! The best part is the theories gone through in searching for the solution to this unsolved mystery , and they come up with some insightful one 's . On an intellectual level the movie is very frightening because it deals with how fear affects ourselves and those around us . The reason I give this only 4 stars is because the movie should be set in 1970 , but it 's set present-time -LRB- and that is n't stated or obvious from the beginning -RRB- I think they must not have had the funds to make it a period piece . Scenes from Rochester were welcome , but I wish there had been more distinctive Rochester settings .
 The other reviewers have already gone over the plot so I 'll just add my own opinion on the DVD itself : I wish that there were more special features which is the reason I gave this DVD a 4-star rating and not a 5 . There 's the obligatory commentary , one alternate scene -LRB- which was n't much of an alternate -RRB- for the first scene of the movie , and a `` making of '' feature which ... left much to be desired because all it was were film crews being visible behind the filming of certain scenes . I would really liked to have seen more interviews for the `` making of '' from the cast and crew . Seeing as to how the movie revolves around schizophrenia , it would have been nice to see some type of feature -LRB- or even a full-length documentary -RRB- on the illness and/or something about the real Alphabet Killer beyond the last part of the movie that stated he had yet to be found.I enjoyed the movie itself and was stoked to find out that the same guy who directedWrong Turnalso directed `` The Alphabet Killer . '' I was happy to find out that they are very different movies that happen to have the same actress in the lead role .
 Despite its rather lurid jacket , this DVD presents an intelligent , involving , somewhat fictionalized account of an actual series of child murders that took place in Rochester , NY , in the 1970 's . The acting is excellent , with Eliza Dushku being given more scope than in her break-through movie `` Wrong Turn , '' where she was just another pretty , potential slasher victim.Here Dushku has a more realistic adult role as a police detective . I was afraid the movie was going to veer off into the `` Ghost Whisperer '' supernatural - but no , we see early on that Dushku 's visions are a symptom of the schizophrenia she battles.So despite these macabre appearances , the picture maintains a look of steely gray/blue realism . Much of it was shot on location in Rochester , and as the commentaries for the DVD underscore , the downcast , depressed conditions in much of Rochester provide the ideal backdrop for the film 's grim subject matter.The photography is brilliant throughout . There are a lot of close-ups here , done in intense chiaroscuro . So the viewer is always led to consider what might be lurking beyond that edge of shadow - in people 's hearts and minds.There are two commentaries on this DVD - one by the Director , one by the writer . Both are good . But if you only have time to listen to one , I suggest the Director 's Commentary . Rob Schmidt gives a good feel for what it was like shooting in and around Rochester , the site of the Alphabet Murders and two other series of killings , earning it , in some people 's minds , the dubious title of `` serial killer capital of the U.S. ''
 The Alphabet Killer was a pretty good movie . The acting was good and the story was good although all the information was n't accurate.I wanted to see this movie because of the cast and because it was based on true events . This was a great movie to watch one time but I do n't think I could watch it again . It did n't have quite enough mystery or action for me to want to watch it again.Storyline
 The reason I bought the movie was because it has a buff scene of Eliza Dushku , what I got was a surprisingly good thriller . Not the best movie I have ever scene , not in the top 50 , but it was entertaining , the acting was good , and it was suspenseful , defiantly worth a look .
 This psychological crime thriller reminds us of the adage - a person can be crazy but not stupid . A detective has a psychological problem that is intensified with stress . She sees and hears things that do not exist . She is working on a case where a young girl is rapped , strangled , and murdered . She becomes obsessed with finding the killer and when , after months of work , she fails to find any results she tries to kill herself . She is hospitalized in a mental institution for two years . When she is released the police department rehires her , but only as a file clerk . She discovers that the killings have begun again after a two year stoppage . Where was the killer during the two years ? She persuades the captain to let her tag along with the detectives . She becomes overly stressed again , but does discover who the killer is . But as she makes this discovery , she again loses her mind . What will happen next ? Will the killings continue ? Will she be able to recover and identify the murderer ? The film is filled with suspense and the acting is very good .
 There are clear boundaries between nature and civilization but often they are crossed with devastating effects . Luc Jacquet 's The Fox and the Child looks closely at those boundaries through the eyes of a young girl who becomes immersed in the wonders of nature but her curiosity and love of this rich world leads to tragedy.Set in the beautiful mountains of France , the film opens with a young girl -LRB- Bertille Noel-Bruneau -RRB- making her way to school . Her home is surrounded by the mountains , trees and lakes and during her wanderings she encounters a fox that becomes her obsession over the coming months . At first the girl is only able to observe the fox from a distance but over time the girl and the fox strike up a friendship and begin exploring the world around them together . This peaceful idyll can not last though and the girl learns the harsh way why there are boundaries between people and nature.The Fox and the Child veers between a film and a documentary with Kate Winslet providing the narration from the perspective of the girl who is now an adult looking back on her time with the fox . The lack of dialogue in the film in no way hinders it for the gorgeous landscape and the fabulous array of animals has more impact than words possibly could . Nature is of course more prominent in these mountains but civilization is encroaching in the form of hunters that see foxes as mere pests while the girl 's journey , though one of wonder , breaks the rules . After an early foray into the wild she is startled by a group of wolves and ends up falling and injuring her ankle . Holed up in her home with only books to read about foxes , the girl is soon aware of the dangers her new friend faces and prays that the fox will continue to thrive in an uncompromising world.The fox at the centre of the film is mistaken as a male by the girl but she soon learns that not only is her companion female but she has a litter of cubs to care for . The fox 's story is typically poignant beginning with her mate being killed after eating some meat hanging from a tree . Within moments the male is whimpering and is found dead on the grass , presumably poisoned . While hunting for food the fox has to contend with hunters and predators as well as the onset of winter . The film is at its best when we 're just enjoying this footage of the wild which you 'll never tire of seeing . The fox is understandably wary of the girl initially , even moving her young to a new den but once the girl is perceived as friendly the relationship changes . This makes for some wonderful moments including the girl playing music on the hills while the fox 's cubs follow her closely . However , as pleasant as these scenes are there is a lingering feeling of something upsetting on the horizon and The Fox and the Child does n't break from this tradition.Being an animal lover I found some of The Fox and the Child quite difficult but I appreciate it was necessary as a harsh lesson the girl needs to learn about nature . In one instance she is with the fox by a camp and does n't want her to escape so puts a rope round the fox 's neck as a lead . The fox inevitably becomes distressed and manages to free itself in a panic much to the girl 's annoyance . However , it takes a very tragic incident for the girl and the fox to realise that their friendship is wrong and that the boundaries between them can not be overcome . I wo n't spoil the ending of course but some people may want to have their hankies ready . I was initially quite angry with the very unpleasant incident at the end , cursing the girl 's stupidity but thankfully the film 's conclusion recovered things very well . I was left having enjoyed this brief trip into nature , one that is beautiful to behold but does n't shy from the fact that it is a dangerous place for the animals that live there.The Fox and the Child is a pleasant film that should appeal to wide audiences though it could be too upsetting for young children . This is a simple story , a moral lesson about nature and a film full of stunning scenery and animals . This should serve as a useful reminder to pro-fox hunters that foxes have a tough enough existence as it is .
 I disagree with the people who said this film is not appropriate for children.Do you remember Walt Disney 's Bambi ? Bambi 's mother never regained consciousness . There 's a definite moral to the story which was clearly stated . Loving something should not be confused with a desire to posess it . The scenery and cinematography are breathtaking . The animal actors give Oscar worthy performances . I was totally enthralled and will watch it again .
 My son and I really enjoyed this touching movie about an unbelievable friendship between a 10 year old girl and a wild fox ! 5 stars !
 Visually sumptuous , the Fox and the Child is a small enchanting family film that is poetically tender and often precious . It 's the story of a young girl and her befriended red fox . Kate Winslet 's sparse narration is perfect . This family film rivals the visual beauty of The Black Stallion . `` Fox '' also ranks with the best family fare - Babe , Born Free , Duma , and The Yearling .
 Luc Jacquet has done it again . While this film 's locale and wildlife could not be more different fromMarch of the Penguins , it manages to capture that sense of humanity in animals.The movie is half documentary/half children 's tale , but has enough of both to satisfy all audiences . The film had some amazing footage of foxes and other wildlife . In one scene , a Bobcat chased the vixen through the forests , and the camera team caught most of the chase . I 've seen just about every David Attenborough documentary made and many others , but my jaw was left gaping by that sequence . The chase was extremely fast-paced and through pretty dense woods , yet Jacquet 's team caught it . There are also some beautiful shots of foxes standing in front of a full moon.The children 's movie half is very subtle and involves the girl -LRB- Bertille Nol-Bruneau -RRB- getting to know the fox and , ultimately , the realities of nature . The story has the sort of child 's wisdom that readers ofThe Little Prince -LRB- itself another French classic -RRB- will recognize . Bertille does n't just scoop the fox up as a pet , but ultimately realizes that her vixen friend is a wild animal who lives in nature , and that their friendship must be on the fox 's terms , not humanity 's . In short , the movie 's them is that love does not equal possession . Kids in America today , spoiled and overprotected , could learn a thing or two from this film.At many points , I wondered where the nature documentary ended and where the fictional story began . The two genres flowed together seamlessly in the film . At many points , Bertille gets closer to dangerous animals such as brown bears and wolves than David Attenborough ever would . I would love to have seen a `` making of '' featurette for his movie.The only drawback
 I am a 64 year old woman and occasionally find a movie made for children enjoyable to watch . However , this movie , `` The Fox and the Child '' was even more than that . It held my attention the entire time . The patience or determination this child had in making friends with this fox was extraordinary . And the way she would wander off with the fox to follow him and be with him once they were friends . There are some scenes that would probably be a little scary for the very young children ... but it was a wonderful movie and the scenery was beautiful . It was not your typical Disney movie , though I find a lot of them good as well . I love movies about animals . The movie is mostly narrated , but there are some scenes where the actors are talking ... but not the animals of course . : -RRB- I think most adults would enjoy watching this movie as much as their children .
 This is a great film showing how children naturally want to love everything , people , animals , etc. . . and it is a quality color DVD in both picture and sound . I recommend both children and adults seeing this for even though children will see the fox get hurt , they will also see some great scenes of her interacting with the fox outdoors where it is free , some awesome nature scenes , and get to see that true love is not possessive or dominating , good things for everyone to see .
 I bought this film on a whim and having read quite a lot of the comments here I feel I have to add my tuppence-worth . First of all , like everyone else I think the photography is beautiful and the observation of animal behaviour is fascinating . Until the last ten minutes or so the film depicts the growing relationship between fox and girl in a gentle , heart-warming way , but then at the end it takes a more tragic turn . The story is ultimately a moral about not trying to domesticate what is meant to be wild.Unlike a lot of reviewers here , I do n't see a conflicting message in the film . The girl learned that love is about giving and not taking . This what the last line of the film means when Winslet says `` Foxes know how to love '' . The girl overstepped the boundary of love into wanting to possess the fox and have it do what she wanted . She wanted it to behave like a dog instead of a fox and be a pet instead of a wild friend . In the end she has to accept the truth and show her love for the fox by watching it run off back to its own life and throwing away the scarf/leash . Some reviewers have commented about it spoiling their love of the beauty of nature , but I think this film is realistic in showing that the beauty of nature goes hand in hand with the wildness . A soppy version of this story where everything turned out sweet would have involved overturning the rules of nature and being hypocritical instead of truthful . In fact , if there was any lack of truth it was in not showing the nastier side of foxes . -LRB- But then , the nastier , blood-lustier side of foxes really is too gruesome for a children 's film -RRB- . Also I am surprised by the number of people who seem concerned about the portrayal of the girl 's freedom . As the film-maker himself has said , he is depicting the kind of freedom he had as a child , and which many children experienced in times past . It seems sad that today 's children are perceived as weak and constantly endangered instead of strong and able to act on their curiosity about the world . Some of the best children 's books , like The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Swallows and Amazons depict this kind of free , adventuresome existence and this film is following in that tradition . I 'm not advocating that children go about tackling wolves on their own , but surely the freedom of the child in this film is something to be celebrated rather than denegrated . The whole story has heightened elements of the fairytale about it -LRB- especially the fantastical night sequence when she is in the forest -RRB- so I think it would be a mistake to take it too literally . It is an idealised freedom.I thought this was a rather beautiful film . My only concern was the very real-looking distress of the fox in the scene in the girl 's bedroom , and when she ties her scarf round its neck as a collar . I 'm not sure foxes are THAT good at acting . I looked up some articles on the net about the film but could n't find anything about how that scene in the house was filmed .
 perfect !! Thank.know your product ... still a great used conform to the descriptions of sale , very good and recommended.Greetings to all of America from Novara / Italy .
 my 6yr old granddauhgter really enjoyed this movie along with my 3 grandsons , taught them all about why wild animals shouldnt be caught for pets
 This is one of the most beautiful movies I have watched . It is simple and the photography is breathtaking . Kate Winslet speaks gently over the beautiful scenery and the Fox and the Child . I have recommended this movie to a lot of people . The amazing insight into the world of the Fox is beautiful and the gentleness of the Child is clearly shown . I love this movie . If you are looking for an example of `` Living in the Moment '' this movie is perfect . If you just want to feel good - this movie is perfect ! Enjoy !!! Over and Over and Over again
 As many people have already mentioned , the scenery in this film is stunning . Absolutely gorgeous . And Kate Winslet did a nice job narrating.The story was good . The questionable part -LSB- spoiler alert -RSB- with the fox jumping out the window was not that gruesome , i am sure my KG could have handled it well enough had she not already fallen asleep.My 4th grader was a little more skeptical , flat out disbelieving the fox had lived through it , as well as calling the girl `` dumb '' for bringing the fox into her room , and at the end wondered what the point of the movie was . -LRB- Probably his age talking there , though I struggled to come up with a good answer -RRB- For those saying it is too `` bloody '' or whatever for young children , I can not disagree more . yes , there was an injury , yes there was blood , however , I ca n't even count how many parents are slaughtered in Disney movies . Just because there is no blood does n't mean it 's easier for a young child to process . This is not a cartoon , it is life . -LRB- And frankly I 've seen worse in the Lion King -- there is just no loud music and drama to distract the kids from the killing -RRB- . The only thing that irritated the hell out of me , and this is 100 % my own fault , but I am hoping someone will reply here and tell me how to prevent this in the future , is that once put into full screen , the darn screen kept minimizing every 5 minutes , so I or my kids had to keep popping up to maximize the screen again . Could n't figure out how to get it to stay full screen . Anyone know ?
 Photography = outstanding.Acting from the heart . This is a film the whole family can enjoy.Go on this adventure and see how smart animals are . Kids under 10might not like some scenes . Adults should read other reviews on the web before renting this DVD . I greatly enjoyed it .
 Received this in new condition , on time . It plays wonderfully . I will treasure this beautiful film which was much less expensive through Amazon .
 Being almost 47 years old now , I ca n't remember the last time I watched a G-Rated movie that I enjoyed.THE FOX AND THE CHILD was a movie that I related to probably because of where my wife and I are in life.I call it coming `` full circle '' . As a youth I grew up in a small to mid-sized town in Virginia.Whenever possible both as a kid and even as I grew up in High School or College I preferred to head out to the Mountains and Forest and spend time alone with nature as opposed to staying in the city and going to malls , nightclubs or parties.Some of my fondest memories are hiking to the top of waterfalls where I knew probably no other people were around for 6 miles and sit on a rock in the sun reading books or just watching black bear , deer and other animals.Like the child in this film , I remember 2 years that I kept running into the same few animals each Spring when I returned to the mountains.Until recently I had forgotten these old memories ... . WHY ??? 25 years ago I moved to South Florida . I was a young man and I guess looking for a bit more excitement and job opportunities.Now I will confess , 25 years ago I thought South Florida was a tropical paradise and I would probably live there my whole life.I got into SCUBA diving , boating , beaches , the pool in the backyard , and the warm winters that make you forget Winter even exists . It 's been great ! But fast forward to today ... Over the past year or two my wife and I agree something FEELS different.South Florida today does not feel like the same place we moved to 25 years ago.Yes , we all know nothing stays the same and everyplace changes ... . but the way this place has changed is Exponential.From population growth , demographic shift , traffic , urbanization , orange groves & farms eliminated and replaced with housing developments and over 240 new people PER DAY moving into the area , ... . We Came To A Sad Conclusion ... Our South Florida Is Gone ! As a result , we recently purchased 120 acres of land in the Mountains up North only 60-70 miles from where we both grew up.It seems like coming full circle in life.I realize now the things we enjoy best are quiet seclusion and isolation out in nature and NOT the urbanized and mechanized world of zero lot lines , rude neighbors , light polluted night skies and a constant drone of ambient city noise.Now I know my personal story is of little interest to 99.9999 % of you , but I told it only because it relates to the review of this movie.When watching this movie I started to think of how MOST kids grow up today ... . Surrounded by tightly packed neighborhoods , I-PODS , Satellite TV and almost NO IDEA what nature is really like outside of TV shoes and the local park.Heck when we were kids , we ran around all day long on `` Tom Sawyer - like '' adventures and our parents did not know -LRB- or worry -RRB- what we were doing as long as we made it home by 6:30 for Supper.Now parents fear letting kids out of the yard for fear of pedophiles and other modern day social problems.Technological advances sure are great and wonderful -- but it does not always seem our Social , Moral and Ethical aspects of life keep progressing at an equal pace.So I watch this movie and wonder how few young people will ever understand this connection to nature in a world where the population seems to double every 10 years , it becomes harder and harder to escape Urbanization and people are forced to live on top of each other in tighter and tighter living arrangements.I can imagine a person born and raised in New York City who grew up to work on Wall Street , and with no life experiences outside the City seeing THE FOX AND THE CHILD and thinking it silly and childish.For somebody like me that has had the opportunity to live in both worlds , I found myself envious of the little girl in the film as it made me recall my earlier days.It also motivates me to work harder and faster to build a home on our recently acquired land so that I may be able to recapture some of that connection with nature I lost 23 years ago when I moved to the bigger , faster city way of life.I call it `` coming full circle '' and I hope I will be able to spend much of my last 20-30 years on Earth much like the story of nature depicted in this simple , well filmed , children 's movie.A final note on the movie ... . The ending -LRB- which I will not ruin with spoilers -RRB- teaches a lesson to younger children without being too dark and shocking.There is also a deeper symbolic meeting in the movie for adults .
 A beautifully photographed French film about a little girl who sees a fox in the meadow on her way home from school . She begins to track him every day after school . Over the months , the fox becomes less and less fearful , and she becomes knowing in the ways of foxes through books her parents provide . Their fragile relationship is exquisite to watch . There is a lesson she must learn about wild life and love . It is narrated by Kate Winslet in this English version . Good for children aged 8 and up .
 The definition of what family entertainment is all about - a lovable story , absolutely stunning scenery , and perfect photography - that is meant for everyone . The film is narrated wonderfully by Kate Winslet . She has a special wonderful sweet voice , that is never sappy.This is the story of a girl who befriends a fox . It 's the slow getting to know eachother , the dance where they both mistrust each other , build to trust , and then a realization that this is a wild animal that should fear humans . Almost the classic love story.The synopsis really misses out on the spectacular scenery , the images of nature , the gorgeous animals , and the incredible sound . From the film credits , most of the locations are in Ain , a small town north of Lyon / East of Macon , France . This is the beginning of the French Alps , the foothills where there is a variety of landscape from fields to fairly high mountains -LRB- green all the way to the top though -RRB- . The forests are green and lush , the snow amazing , the fall colors superb ; it 's a perfect filming location . The animal scenes are stunning , how they did this filming is frequently impossible to understand - simply amazing they got those shots . The sound was almost another character - birds , rain , thunder , woodpeckers , every sound imaginable in the woods was recorded clearly.Luc Jacquet -LRB- did an outstanding job directing this film . He is best known for March of the Penguins -LRB- March of the Penguins -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -RRB- . And this film follows in the same mold , he understands how to tell animal stories , capture them on film , and translate them into a movie . Isabelle Noel-Bruneau is the sweet redheaded star of the movie along side the fox . They make a beautiful couple.Most will think , G rated nature film , why would I care ? This movie very gradually pulls you in with beautiful scenery , and Kate Winslet 's gorgeous voice . The story builds gradually and you begin to care very much about what happens to the fox . It 's a classic story told in a straighforward manner.There is a subtle feeling of Jean Craighead George in this film , -LRB- My Side of the Mountain Trilogy -LRB- My Side of the Mountain / On the Far Side of the Mountain / Frightful 's Mountain -RRB- -RRB- . Studying nature and trying to understand what nature says to us.The movie is rated G. Everyone should enjoy this film . 1/27/2010 Update - the following paragraph reveals the ending of the film . For the sensitive child , very near the end of the film the fox is in the girl 's room and feels trapped . It runs all over the room and eventually crashes through the window . You are expected to believe the fox has died . The girl carries it to the woods . That might be a bit tough for some children who have very sensitive parents . I mention this only because of the flack from Marley and Me , with the ending . This scene is not as intense , but there is an animal that appears to die . Some parents may feel obliged to protect their children.If there is one small problem with the DVD - there is only one language available . The film is presented in English . I would have liked the option to have French with subtitles . The DVD also does not include a making of featurette . As much as I hate those , I sure would have enjoyed seeing this particular making of.A gorgeous film that everyone should love .
 This is a touching and beautifully photographed movie . The directing and photography are amazing . Bertille Nol-Bruneau 's performance is excellent . There are some sequences that would be frightening , disturbing or sad for young children . For ages 8 + .
 A handful of other reviewers have already touched on all of the fine attributes of this unique film . I will add , as someone who lives & spends most of my time in a very natural setting , that these types of encounters & relationships , between man & other species , are quite common . It 's all about boundaries , respect & putting in the time to observe & associate ; and this tale drives home these very points in such a magical - if not fanciful - way.This is a beautifully filmed & executed story . If you liked `` The Bear , '' and/or `` Bambi , '' you will be in good company with `` The Fox & the Child . '' Highly recommended !
 The Europeans have revolutionized the `` nature film '' when one considers the excellence of movies such as the BBC `` Blue Planet '' `` Life of Birds '' , or Cousteau 's `` Sea Ghosts . '' This movie about the growth of a friendship between a wild fox , its young , and a 10 year old -LRB- adorable -RRB- girl is equally as wonderful . True , it has something of the Disney nature film aspect to it ... but it so outstandingly photographed as to be the top of the class.There are some tense moments in the film that add some dimension to the story such as the moment when both the `` Fox and the Child '' have to confront and escape 4 wild , hungry wolves in the forest . And there are tender moments when the fox comes to trust the girl after so many satisfactory encounters.The director who produced the stunning `` March of the Penguins '' is behind this film ... remember , he has the most exacting standards . I simply ca n't say enough positives about the cinematography of the wildlife in the French Alps . And Kate Winslet tells the girl 's story in sweet prose - it 's the experience of having a beautiful book read aloud.This is the kind of family film that we need in this society . I am going to give lots of copies to friends and relatives over the Christmas holidays . Trust me , you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I planned to scan this movie but after the first five minutes I could n't budge ... even to get a snack . I was mesmerized by every aspect of the film . An adventure that made me gasp in anticipation , and rejoice in each step of the dance between civilization and nature while knowing that the beautiful partners would n't be able to sustain their relationship.I could smell the forest and flowers ; the mists and the rain . And the eyes - the eyes of the child and the eyes of the fox were windows into the soul of each . Rarely have I seen a more tender love story.I 'm ordering copies as Christmas gifts.Tari Parker
 This film is slow but very intense , and absolutely incredible in its beauty . It is full of the realities of life in the wilderness - including peril , yes , but this film is made to show the beauty of life in the wild more than anything . The scenery is absolutely breathtaking , and each time we watch this film we are awestruck again by its beauty . My kids are 7 and 10 and we warned them that there are some scary parts , but that everything is OK in the end . They are very sensitive to ` bad things ' in movies , but they adore this one . For adults , the ending has an even deeper meaning - one of both melancholy and joy . And one ca n't help but wonder , WOW , how did they DO that ? - throughout the entire movie . Truly awesome .
 Recently I watched the `` Fox and the Child '' with the sound turned off as not to be distracted by the voice over . The film was a new experience . I have not experienced technical aspects of this quality in a film since Terrace Malick 's `` Days of Heaven ; '' especially the glorious cinematography of Nestor Almendroes.The `` fox '' re , minded me of the great work of Carroll Ballard and Caleb Deschanel -LRB- `` the Black Stallion '' -RRB- and the gift Steven Spielberg has for working with children . `` E.T. & Empire of the Sun . `` I wonder what Gene Siskel and Pauline Kael would have thought of the film . Where are some of the finest critics today - Roger Ebert , Jeffery Lyons , Manohla Dargis , Chris Hewitt , and Peter Travers ? They should comment on the `` Fox and the Child '' . Why was n't the `` Fox and the Child '' released for the big screen in the USA ?
 I was lucky enough to have grown up in the same countryside of France where most of the film was shot.this gifted director grew up there too and this is his personal story.It 's a superb film , beautiful to watchvery moving and inspiring.And if you live in the city and want to escapein nature 's beauty , you will Love this movie and it 's touching story.I have the french dvd version and now i have it in english and watch them over and over.A french fan , Lala Nicole
 This is a wonderful film to remind us that God 's creation is a very beautiful place , esp in a time when so many people see little more than pavement and computer screens much of the time . It hearkens back to a time when we lived in tune with nature and the cycles of the seasons . The cinematography is absolutely beautiful and there is a nice little story to under gird it too . Very enjoyable for the entire 94 minutes .
 This movie shown the pure and natural heart of the little girl which can attract the fox to get closer to her .
 This is a beautiful story and the scenery is breathtaking right up to the end . But the ending leaves much to be desired . I 'll watch it again , but I 'll shut it off before the end .
 One is always worried about buying a used DVD , but the DVD I got from this company was more then what the discription said , I was expecting used but it looks brand new . NOT only was the price GREAT the DVD was in excellent condition . The service and shipping was very fast and prompt . I would buy DVD 's from this seller again and again .
 Danish director Lars von Trier gets experimental again in `` The Boss of It All '' , but this time he aims to make us laugh . This corporate comedy sends up actors , artistic pretensions , and the venerable tradition of passing the buck . Mr. Ravn -LRB- Peter Gantzler -RRB- founded a successful technology company but was loath to take on the role of President . So he invented a fictional company president who is always abroad , concealing his true role even from the company 's `` six seniors '' , its first and most valuable employees . Now Ravn needs to close a deal with an Icelandic businessman who insists on dealing with the President . So Ravn hires Kristoffer -LRB- Jens Albinus -RRB- , an out-or work actor of little talent and many pretensions , to be the President for a week.This absurd set-up creates ample opportunity for hilarity
 Danish auteur Lars von Trier turns his acidic wit to office politics , with the overall message that while the true boss of it all that really runs the show is money , capitalism American style , what most of us really want is not the truth but a convenient and self-serving fiction . Along the way von Trier dishes up a scenario that is endlessly inventive and hilarious -- and that in its ruthless look at the stupidity of bureaucracy harks back to his underseen television miniseries Riget/Kingdom . As in that series , he includes himself directly here as a narrator to comment on his approach and on his expectations from the audience -- reminding us both directly and indirectly that his aim is not to please or to edify but to exploit and manipulate and offend at the same time as he entertains . This is a lighter , and less ambitious , project than anything he has done for a while , but it is no less intriguing for that.As in many of his films , where he deliberately imposes upon himself a specific constraint -LRB- as in his Dogme film `` The Idiots '' or as in `` Dogville '' and `` Manderlay '' where he gets rid of the sets , or as he imposes upon his teacher Jorgen Leth in `` The Five Obstructions -RRB- , he set up a very specific constraint upon himself in the making of this film that defines in large part its style and look . He made use of a technology dubbed `` Automavision '' -- a camera whose angle and exposure are set randomly by computer -- and the effect is to add a jumpy and kinetic quality to the film that goes against the standard Hollywood style continuity editing and includes jump cuts and non-matching lighting , etc. . Somehow it works , in part because of the strength of the acting and the script , but in part because the awkwardness of the style seems to match the story perfectly . In fact , it works more than just as an aesthetic complement to the story
 This film is absolutely brilliant . The owner of a company has been pretending to answer to a non-existent higher-up , ` The Boss of it All ' . When he needs to produce this ` boss ' to participate in negotiations , he hires a pretentious actor . The film examines a theme similar to ` Being There ' or Dostoevsky 's ` The Idiot ' , wherein the ` boss ' is truly a blank slate and each of the other characters projects upon him their own emotions and feelings through a sort of transference . Shot in a cinema-verite style , -LRB- von Trier was a founding member of Dogme 95 , after all -RRB- , and with some wonderful performances , this film is a must see .
 `` You have a knack for deliberate mental cruelty . '' `` You 're right , but I 'm better at being irritating on an intuitive level . `` With his often unlikely plotting , emphasis on stripped-down style over structure and fascination with stripping away the suspension of disbelief of most films to highlight their artificiality , it 's fair to say that Lars Von Trier is n't to everyone 's taste . After films like Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark he also seems an unlikely candidate to try his hand at a comedy , but the mischievous sense of humour that 's run through his work since the TV series The Kingdom finds a perfect outlet in The Boss of it All . The plot might seem almost as if it could do service as a mainstream Hollywood comedy , but in many ways it 's the perfect match of premise and filmmaker.Gambini-obsessed bad actor Kristoffer -LRB- Jens Albnus -RRB- is hired by Ravn -LRB- Peter Gantzler -RRB- to pretend to be the boss of the company he 's planning to sell . Ravn has been the real boss of the company for years , but is so desperate to be liked by his staff that the only way he can pass on bad news is by blaming it all on an invisible owner in America . Despite the fact that at first Kristoffer reads far more into the text than there is -LRB- `` It says far more than it says '' he notes of his underwritten part
 This movie is a hilarious crowd-pleaser . A little screwball , a little alternative . I 've had many a skeptical friend that I 've convinced to see this film and they all ended up loving it and going on and on about how great it was afterward . I happened to see it in a theater the first time , and afterward I went out for dinner with the friends I saw it with , we went on laughing and remembering scenes from the movie so late into the night that we were all horse the next day . Really.It 's interesting that some people said that they thought this was not very accessible , because I thought that just the opposite was true , especially considering the director . If you only like very typical Adam Sandler-type comedies , ca n't appreciate Monty Python or any foreign movies/foreign humour , than this might not be for you . Incidentally , I 'm not usually a fan of foreign films that are so often overly serious and self important , and I love brain sucking Hollywood movies -LRB- Zoolander is pure genius , almost anything with Will Ferrel -RRB- . So I have to disagree that this is a `` movie for eggheads '' like one other reviewer said . But comedies are tricky and do n't always appeal to everyone . I LOVE this movie , and everyone I know who 's seen it has too . Fantastic .
 One-Upmanship is back!If you tolerated ROADTRIP , if you found OLD SCHOOL moderately entertaining then you might consider `` SCOUNDRELS . '' Director Todd Phillips , this time assembles Billy Bob Thornton -LRB- of BAD SANTA -RRB- and Jon Heder -LRB- of NAPOLEON DYNAMITE and BENCHWARMERS -RRB- for this remake of Robert Hamer 's 1960 screen version of Stephen Potter 's series of One-Upmanship or Lifemanship books outlining how to win without actually cheating -LRB- check them out , written a century ago but still classics -RRB- . Heder is Roger NYC meter maid so cowardly he pays the tickets he rights ! He ca n't find it in himself to as out his lovely neighbor Amanda -LRB- Jacinda Barrett , of Poseidon -RRB- . He is refered to enroll in a course converting losers to lions with the ladies , taught by Thornton 's Dr. P with the burly assist of Michael Clarke Duncan as Lesher . Other mama 's boy misfits enrolled are a `` whipped '' Horatio Sanz , Matt Walsh and Todd Louiso 's obligatory virgin . After Roger proves himself too good a student , Dr. P wants to seduce Amanda to prove he is still in charge , then the One-upmanship begins this-time school is out and student is a master , sortof.The theme is as classic and as familiar as the books themselves . So are the punchlines . Heder and Thornton -LRB- who even takes a shot at ex-Jolie -RRB- keep the goofs coming , Ben Stiller adds to the hilarity all too briefly . Overall , sort of mild considering the salsa from Phillips in the past .
 John Heder is definitely the next Jim Carey . Billy Bob Thornton was superb - as expected . The cast was perfect ! This movie was completely hysterical . If you play tennis , competitive or other , you will LOVE the tennis scene . I do not agree with the PG-13 rating , however . I would have considered it to be closer to an R-rating .
 This movie is so funny . It 's a great comedy . You will be laughing through the whole thing !! Glad I bought it !
 Billy Bob Thornton and Michael Clark Duncan does it again . This is very funny movie and the entire family loved it !
 School For Scoundrels is about a loser who takes classes on becoming a winner taught by a psychopathic type character played by Billy Bob Thornton . The story is a romantic comedy with a hard edge . The acting is great and the storyline is unforgettable . I highly recommend watching this movie . As silly as the premise is some things ring true to real life .
 There are a few funny moments , but it seemed like these moments were also in the trailers for the movie . It 's a little disappointing , but still worth watching at least once . It 's hard not to compare this movie with Bad Santa , Bad News Bears , and maybe even Benchwarmers .
 I was one of the outsiders that never cared much for nepoleon dynomite , so I am leary of any John Heder film . That said , I think this actually was a decent movie . John Heder plays the role of a New York city Meter man named Roger , a meek man at that . He does n't stand up for himself , and ca n't get himself to ask his neighbor out on a date . Heck , he even gets rejected by the little brothers at Big brothers and big sisters , 3 times . Luckily , he get refered by his friend to take a class to become more confident . `` Dr. P '' -LRB- Billy Bob Thornton -RRB- is the professor for this course . Well , amazingly , Roger some how makes his way to the head of the class , and even goes on a date . Little does he know , Dr. P has bigger plans , a kind of `` master 's program '' for advanced student ... and the glove come off . The movie takes off from here . I wo n't spoil it from here , other reviewers have written alot already . But , It a funny , entertaining film , and I actually have gained some respect for John Heder . Also , Billy Bob was a good match for the role he plays at Dr. P. Check it out , you get some good laughs out of this one .
 I loved this movie !!! I laughed from the beginning to the end !! Billy Bob Thorton was great at being a ` scoundral ' !! Michael Duncan Clarke was great at being the ` tough guy ' -LRB- not to mention how ` hot ' he looked as a blonde -RRB- !! If you are a dork , you will love this movie . If you are not a dork , you will probably want to read the other reviews listed .
 This movie is funny . ` nuff said ! Arrived quickly and was super cheap on amazon . Couldnt pass it up adding it to our DVD collection at home as backup when TV stinks !
 Billy Bob Thornton and Jon Heder work well together in this off-beat comedy . There are lots of recognizable actors sprinkled throughout the movie and I was pleasantly surprised overall -LRB- especially after seeing the sub-par Mr. Woodcock -RRB- .
 Love this movie ! Have watched it a dozen times or more . Heder and Thornton give great performances , and the underdog wins ! I recommend it .
 Jon Heder -LRB- Napolean Dynamite -RRB- is hilarious in the film ... as the typical nerd turned awesome guy ... This movie is what 's it 's all about .
 The ending was great , and original , it was very unpredictable , It got a little dry at parts for a comedy , but overall was a decent movie . It did however have parts with a lot of swearing which i found a bit offensive .
 SCHOOL FOR SCOUNDRELS IS ONE OF THOSE MOVIES THAT IS GOOD FOR ONE OF THOSE SATURDAY NIGHTS WHEN THERE IS NOTHING ELSE TO DO . IT ENTERTAINS AND MAKES YOU LAUGH OUT LOUD . BILLY BOB THORTON IS THE PERFECT BAD GUY THAT YOU JUST CAN NOT HELP BUT ROOT FOR . IF YOU & YOUR FRIENDS ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD WAY TO KILL 90 MINUTES CHECK OUT SCHOOL FOR SCOUNDRELS !
 i liked this movie . it had funny parts and good cameos . i enjoy billy bob thornton , he cracks me up . jon heder is funny too . if your looking for a silly and funny movie than you should rent this . its not the best comedy but for a pg-13 movie its pretty funny and will keep you entertained .
 School for Scoundrels -LRB- Unrated Widescreen Edition -RRB- isHitch -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- for guys , more laughs and less romance . The premise is an underground school intended to turn insecure men who never catch a break -LRB- many would call them losers -RRB- into confidant , successful people . The school is run by Billy Bob Thorton , who charges $ 5,000 for the class and takes pleasure in challenging the strongest student in a class of weak men . The lead isNapoleon Dynamite , a parking enforcement agent who sometimes pays violators ' tickets out of pocket if they get the least bit confrontational . Also in the class is a man pushed around by his wife and a 30 year old living in his mom 's basement . Michael Clark Duncan assists Thorton in various challenges intended to turn the class into men.I passed on seeing this in theaters because the preview looked awful . It was a surprisingly funny if unlikely story about the underdogs of the world . There 's a happy ending , and a more mature comedy than you would find in anAmerican Pie - Unrated -LRB- Widescreen Collector 's Edition -RRB- . The film is probably not appropriate for children under 13 , but should be fine for most everyone else who enjoys decent , breezy comedy .
 This was right up there as one of my favorite all-time comedies . The cast is outstanding and the material they had to work with was equally good . Good comedies are played straight . That 's what you get here . It 's an absurd story about a secret class to turn wimpy losers into self-confident ladies men . Jon Heder is Billy Bob Thornton is perfect as the ruthless teacher . He delivers insults and belittles his students to perfection . Since they are wimps , they buy into his unorthodox techniques . Jon Heder 's character is very likeable . Early on in the film he gets rejected by a kid in the Big Brother program . The scene is played to perfection . You really feel bad for him . This is when a graduate of Thornton 's program gives him advice to take the class . Heder buys into the program and becomes a top student by successfully completing the ridiculous tasks given to him by Thornton . He finally gets the courage to ask out the girl in the apartment across the hall and soon finds that he has a competitor -LRB- Thornton -RRB- for her affections . I do n't want to give away too much of the plot , but the competition that ensues has some very funny moments and there are story twists that will keep you guessing . I watched this movie twice , back-to-back . If you liked 40 Year Old Virgin , you 'll definitely like this movie .
 A good comedy , School for Scoundrels , brings to the screen the story of a down-on-his-luck parking-meter reader who decides to take special classes in order to overcome his fears and approach the girl he likes . Things take a turn for the worse when his teacher develops an interest for the same girl ... Aside from the humor it is a film about human relations , hope and second chances.Jon Heder , Billy Bob Thornton -LRB- ! -RRB- , Ben Stiller -LRB- ! -RRB- , Michael Clarke Duncan , Luis Guzman and the rest of this amazing cast carry out their performances very well , with the exception of the two girls who fail miserably in their respective roles.Very well written and very well presented , it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again ! The film is simple enough , but does a great job of describing people 's every day lives and the problems they face . It just goes to show that simplicity is often far better than complexity , when trying to present issues of a human nature.The setting , the plot , the dialogues , the music , and the humor are all wonderful.Overall , School for Scoundrels is a movie definitely worth watching , as it will surely put you in a good mood ! BRING ON THE SEQUEL !
 We were expecting this film to be a disappointment , but it surpassed our expectations . I laughed most of the time . It 's not the perfect underdog comedy , but if you 're fan of movies like `` The 40 year old Virgin , '' `` Old School , '' and `` Anger Management , '' you might enjoy this film.Story : Things are not going well in the life of Roger -LRB- Jon Heder -RRB- . He lives alone in his apartment and works as a New York meter maid . He is a shy , introvert , and emotional young man who is always picked on by people around him . He likes an Australian beauty Amanda -LRB- Jacinda Barrett -RRB- who lives next door with her annoying roommate Becky -LRB- Sarah Silverman -RRB- . Roger feels lost , but fortunately his current situation is about to change . A weird friend of his gives him a phone number that is going to change his lonely life . What Roger does n't know is that he is about to enter a school for men with low self-esteem . The rude teacher is Dr. P -LRB- Billy Bob Thornton -RRB- who is evil and lies to women to get what he wants . He is going to teach the class how to become real men . At first , things seem to be going well for Roger , but then he finds out that his teacher is trying to get Amanda . Things get harsh between teacher and student . They will fight until one of them wins the heart of Amanda.Review : The movie does n't waste any time and takes you right to the main plot . It is a comedy and there are no confusing subplots . We get hooked up to the story right away . Jon Heder -LRB- ` Napoleon Dynamite ' -RRB- as a lead actor does wonders in this new movie . I never took the guy seriously before , but this is probably his best work . He is very believable , likeable , funny , and perfect for the role . We hope he wo n't get stereotyped because he is getting known with these kinds of roles . He is not the only big star ; Billy Bob Thornton is another actor who plays the evil teacher very well.What we like about the story is the way the main character evolves from being a nervous kid to a fearless street-smart man who is willing to challenge anyone . He becomes an unstoppable force willing to do whatever it takes to save his girl from the evil Dr. P . The writers Scot Armstrong and Todd Phillips did an excellent job in creating a very likable character . The jokes and dialogue are funny and could be over the top sometimes , but if you watched movies like `` Old School '' -- also made by the same director -- you will probably expect some strong language . What we like in the technical department is the editing . The film does n't drag and seems to go smoothly.Without giving up the end , there are two `` twists '' that will keep you guessing . One thing we noticed though is that the plot reminds me so much of a comedy we saw few years ago.The Verdict : `` School for Scoundrels '' is a quite enjoyable film that will keep you entertain if you are fan of the new wave of edgy comedies .
 If you thought Jon Heder was a good actor in `` Napoleon Dynamite '' , you love his acting in this movie!This movie is not only funny , wacky and fairly original in terms of plot line , but the actors also do a terrific job in playing their roles . The storyline keeps you guessing as to what will happen next ... . So , I 'd say this movie has a nice mix of both humor and storyline .
 A lion separates the prey from the herd.I 've laughed harder and worked harder to predict plot twists , but rarely in the same movie . Regardless , I wo n't go out of my way to watch it again.Billy Bob makes some nice money teaching wimps to grow some sack . Napoleon sprouts a fairly massive pair and then the two of 'em fight over the girl . Billy Bob is clever and ruthless . Napoleon is energetic and -LRB- somewhat -RRB- sincere.Nowhere as dark and funny as `` Bad Santa '' . The partly twisty plot takes up some of the slack .
 I love it.You 'll love it if you do n't like ` Bad Santa ' and ` Napoleon Dynamite ' at all .
 Do you find yourself looked down upon , easilly pushed aside . Well if you have the cash and the time , then Dr. P has the solution for you . Roger is a New York City parking attendent who finds himself not even able to ask the girl out next door without passing out . When his friend give him the number to Dr. P 's class , his whole world changes . The cast of this movie do a great job , and the characters are easy to identify someone with . I found myself laughing quite a bit . Check this out , rent it or buy it , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 Coming from a Gypsy Caravan background with ATS mixed in , the dancing in this DVD is different than what I am used to . The basic moves are the same , however , and Sera does a brilliant job at warming up the body and forcing the hips and the thighs to work - frankly , the 30-minute warm up is enough to do me in - ha ! Asthetically , it would have been nice for the other three girls to smile as much as Sera did - but then again , I ca n't say I 'm much of a smiler when I am working out as hard as I was . ; - -RRB- It 's a good workout DVD for those who do n't want to run the same belly dance DVDs over and over again . I would recommend it
 This instructional dvd is for tribal FUSION bellydance which incorporates influences from other genres of dance , such as hip hop and modern dance . Although it shares many features with American Tribal Style -LRB- ATS -RRB- bellydance , do not expect to find it here . What you will find are really unique and skillful movements along with a killer strength training workout.Tribal Fusion involves a lot of technique and skill and is very muscle-oriented . Sera effectively teaches new and interesting combinations that you can use along with your own bellydance style . The instruction is clear , the moves are awesome , and the work-out is great.This is the future of bellydance .
 I finally worked through this video after owning it for a while , and I was stunned at how excellent it is . There are a few flaws -LRB- which I 'll get to later -RRB- , but those aside , it 's a superb video.First things first . This is not a beginner 's DVD . Sera neither gives the kind of explanations of basic movements a beginner would want , nor does she present all the basics of bellydance . No way . It is , however , a great DVD for intermediate dancers . Sera goes over some basic movements -LRB- especially in the warmup -RRB- , but in such a way as to help you increase your flexibility and power.The 20-minute warmup and the 10-minute drill section get you doing some basic stretches , focusing on your isolations , and quite importantly , working on powering moves from particular muscles . The dancers mirror your movements -LRB- so when she calls `` left , '' they actually move to their right -RRB- which I prefer . Sera is extremely thorough about calling out which muscle to use for a move , and always managed to remind me as soon as I forgot . I * was * worried about the neck stretch , since she moves the head all the way back , and some moves also seemed quite hard on the knees , so I modified them . In the choreography Sera is careful to point out which sections are knee-unfriendly , and sometimes offers a modification , but this is not the case in the workout . She does , however , tell you when certain moves are difficult for beginners , so you do n't get discouraged.I would say that , considering how cheap the DVD is , the warmup is worth the price alone . I know I 'm going to use this -LRB- with some extra stretching -RRB- as an introduction to other bellydance videos.Next comes a demonstration of the combinations to be learned , and then very detailed instructions for each of six movement combinations . I had watched the video before , but only by doing it could I see what a brilliant teacher Sera is . She has that uncanny ability to know * just * when you 're relaxing a certain muscle , or doing a movement lazily , or forgetting about your posture , and to give a perfectly-timed reminder.On the other hand , the combos themselves are challenging and , to my eye , beautiful . It 's not hard to get the basics of each , but to do them right , with the correct arm movements , good timing , and perfect form , is hard . This is a major strength of the DVD
 I am not a huge fan of the super urban , breakdancesque style of East Coast Tribal bellydance , but I love this DVD ! First of all , it has a fantastic , thorough warm-up , stretch , and isolation segment . This 20min segment is very well put together . The movements really flow , and you really get a great stretch while tuning into the muscles you will need for dancing . I have been doing this segment daily whether I continue with this DVD , do another , or attend dance class . Next you get 10 mins of hip work drills . This portion really gives you a leg work out . Then you get to see the choreography that you will be learning demonstrated in costume by the Solstice Dance Ensemble . Again , if you are a traditionalist , you will probably not like this very funky , urban style . But if you are always looking for new expressions of the Bellydance artform , you will . The longest segment of this DVD follows . This is a detailed breakdown of the six combinations used in the choreography . Sera does an outstanding job teaching these moves . Her technique is the reverse of many other instructors . Rather than start with small , very muscular , segmented moves and moving to flowing undulations , she begins with large over exagerated moves and then reigns them in to very controlled movements . Her technique really works . This segment is 45 mins . so if you do the entire video , incuding the choreoghraphy demo , you get 1 hr 25 mins of wokout time , a great value if you dance to stay fit . Finally , the DVD is organized quite well . It has logical , easy to use menus , good graphics , sound , a visual effects , and is attractively packaged .
 I workout to this dvd consistently . Sera is bewitching . She and her gorup of ladies starts out with a good stretch . Then shifts onto drills that are challenging but she breaks them down very well . The ladies are showing them at different angles . She and her group of ladies , demonstrate an example of East Coast tribal choregraphy twice . Then Sarah proceeds to carefully breakdown that choregraphy . This gave me great ideas for tribal bellydancing . She ends with an in costume performance . This is n't a dvd for absolute beginners . It is challenging.Would definitely like to see more Sera and her group .
 In search of a more interesting tribal fusion video , I recently picked this one up and have told all my funky friends to buy it ! I was n't sure how much value it would have at first , because I had n't really heard much about Sera or EastCost tribal style , but I was pleasantly surprised . A lot of my belly dance videos seem painfully cheesy , to long to fit into my regular schedule , or just plain boring . This video has a harder edge and a good flow . It brakes down into a 20min strength workout , a 10min hip drill and 45min of detailed combinations . The Freek Factory music is super funky . The choreography is fun . The workout is intense yet short enough to work into a busy schedule . The video is packed full of good information The combos are broken down in detail and the moves are well explained . It 's kind of like paying $ 14 for a whole class series , ca n't beat that .
 I felt the above was a necessary title because I think many people still need to differentiate between American Tribal Style -LRB- ATS -RRB- and tribal fusion . While there are some definite similarities , the two styles are NOT the same!Unlike Rachel Brice 's video , Sera covers choreography and combinations in the tribal fusion style and does it well . She is a friendly , engaging instructor , and her explanations of the moves are concise and easy to follow . Her brief segment on shimmy drills seems to go a little too quickly , but she does admit that it may be `` challenging at first '' and to `` listen to your body . '' Raw beginners will probably find this DVD a little too challenging for them , but anyone with a few beginners ' classes under their hip scarves will be able to get through this just fine . Also note that if you 're wanting instruction with more `` traditional '' music , you may have a hard time getting into this , as the soundtrack is by Freek Factory.The one quibble that I have with this DVD is the ugly grey background behind Sera during her performance segment . However , I did n't buy this DVD just to watch her perform , so I do n't feel it 's enough to detract from my rating .
 Excellent production.To begin with , the DVD features a 20-minute warm-up and a 10-minute drill session . This is followed by a dance combination with the Solstice ensemble.Six combination tutorials explain in depth how to practice the moves.Finally , a dance performance by Sera.Sera is a good teacher , and if you 're looking to break a little away from standard Oriental or Belly Dance moves , you will appreciate the ones presented by Sera .
 Simply put , I found this to be a nice little DVD . The girls here are n't your typical bellydancers -LRB- they 're not in the cabaret costumes , or the ' I Dream of Jeannie ' wardrobe with added flair -RRB- . They 're a bit goth , have that East Coast Tribal thing , all with dark hair , strong makeup , decked out in black with a bit of belly bling.Their faces are n't split wide open with ear-to-ear grins . Some people are n't going to like that they 're not smiling , but it 's not bad , though it 'd be nice if they looked like they 're enjoying it a bit more . One girl kinda reminds me of the punk barbies I made -LRB- the one with the sides of her head shaved , and strong , but doll-like makeup -RRB- . That 's just an observation , however . Overall , I like this DVD a lot . The leader , Sera , starts you in a 20-minute warmup , warming the ankles , the arms , the obliques , the legs , and spends a good amount of time on the floor doing isolations , which is a nice way to focus on moving your torso and isolating your glutes . Plus it feels good to do . Then she has some drills for you to practice and you get a demo of the combos she 'll be teaching you -LRB- or you can skip ahead and view that later -RRB- . Sera gets really detailed into the combos , for example , spending a lot of time showing you how to do undulations or arm work or hip work , or some dance steps . She is very clear and her tone is informative , patient , thorough and understanding . I really enjoyed the added time to focus on these steps . Some people are naturals for hip circles or shimmies or undulations , so it 's not always necessary to go so detailed but it 's great to have that available to refresh or focus on something in particular -LRB- like do n't clench your butt during an undulation but instead pull your belly in and let the movement flow from that , is one example -RRB- . She has a nice performance at the end which is fun to watch , and while this may not be the most intense cardio -LRB- at least not early on , with more steps later on it gets more challenging on that level -RRB- but it 's a good package and I definitely felt it in my belly and sides afterwards.Some have complained about the music -LRB- by Freek Factory -RRB- so I was at first a bit worried about it before I 'd bought it , but it did n't bother me . It 's sort of techno-funky-tribal sounding stuff . It 's definitely not classic Middle Eastern but I really did n't find it to be bad , and in fact I kind of enjoyed it .
 Sera and her team show us their unique fusion style in this instructional workout ; those complaining it 's not belly dance must not have read the description because it clearly states that it 's a fusion style - not just ATS or traditional belly dance . Of the few instructional videos I currently own , this is my favorite . The warm up is excellent , and will have you ready to work out - the combinations are very basic looking , but not easy by any means . She fuses a fluid liquid electronica dance style with traditional movements for a wonderful core set of moves you can grow from to into your own interpretation of a fusion style . The music is okay , a little dull for me but not bad . I enjoyed the performance piece even though the background was n't terribly engaging but that was n't the focus so I 'm pleased overall .
 Tribal is all about isolation and layers . This dvd shows six combinations working from the basic chest lift or hip roll , and adding one piece at a time . Beginners and intermediate students can choose to use only one or two of the layers , adding additional move later .
 Even if you 're not necessarily interested in learning tribal style belly-dance , Sera is great at teaching isolations needed in all styles of belly-dance . She breaks down her dance combos in easy to follow steps and does n't hide her body with elaborate costumes . This is a great DVD for beginners and it 's even good for a workout because it makes you sweat . I highly recommend it !
 20 minutes warm up is a little -LRB- * yawn * -RRB- long . But effective ! combos are fun , but I do n't see the drops etc. on beat with the music . You 'll learn some fun combinations to add to your repertoire but there is n't any `` wow '' factor .
 I got this dvd because I was curious about Tribal and I do n't have the option of going to a class.This one may not be for people who get frustrated or give up easily , but I like a challenge when it comes to working out ! I 'm not a dancer , except recreationally , so I ca n't say if it would be for ` beginners ' or ` novices ' but it 's a LOT of fun .
 The jury is still out on whether or not I like tribal style bellydance but the instruction on this DVD is excellent.As an intermediate dancer , I liked it . -LRB- I probably would have found this just challenging enough as a beginner . -RRB- The instructor does a longish warm up and stretch that she manages to combine with learning some of the upperbody ribcage circles and waves that you 'll use later . The hipwork section is long enough for people in so-so to decent shape to get in a bit of a work out -- not much , but some . The choreography she teaches is a decent length and it 's broken down well.All in all there is n't a boring moment on this DVD . I feel like I was learning something or shapening something up each time I play it . I love it -- and I do n't love tribal style that much , so that 's saying something .
 this was a great dvd , well produced . Sera is a good instructor . Not really for beginners . You get a lot for your money .
 Intereseting combo ` sThe combo 's were broken down and the moves clearly explained . Enough repetition for practice purposes but so much that it becomes boring.would recommend it to a friend .
 I really enjoy practicing with Sera from East Coast Tribal , she always has new thing to try , ca n't wait to put some of the moves to the test .
 Having used this video for several months now , I can recommend it wholeheartedly to anyone who needs a good workout for bellydance isolations.Although the style is the new tribal fusion or contemporary bellydance , the workout will give you a wonderful and different way of practicing or `` oiling '' your isolations . For me , it 's become a default workout ; or rather a warm up , because I 'm now so accustomed to it . I use it to lead into tougher workouts or go straight into some dancing . The first 10-minute segment makes a very nice warm up , if you 're just learning bellydancing . If you 've been dancing for a while and will be working with challenging movements , the whole 35 minute workout is a great idea.Sera is a fantastic instructor . She leads you through the workout with a smoother pace than I 've seen on most of my videos - and I have some 75 of them . In the bellydance category , that is . She has complete and elegant control of the entire workout which just flows without a hitch , without a moment of confusion . You never find yourself scurrying to keep pace or getting flustered . That 's a perfect balance achieved for a workout . Not a word out of place and not a move out of place . She also does n't need to resort to any whoo'ing and whee'ing to keep you going - that 's how perfectly in command of the rhythm she is . Because of this , she is singularly unselfconscious and natural.What makes this workout unusual is the method Sera uses of exaggerating the isolation and then reining it in . She does this throughout the program . She also uses interesting methods like having you sit down to do the rib cage isolations , helping the hips stay still for that while.Many people have found the music to the workout annoying . I found it unusual , but soon got used to it and found it had grown on me . Not enough for it to be listening pleasure , but enough for it to be one with the workout and not come in my way.This is not a sweaty workout . It 's strictly isolation-based . You see the results gradually , but surely . One day , you find that you feel a surprising lack of pain or strain while doing a chest circle or that your smallest hip movement is nice and sharply defined.There 's a mini hip movements drill on this video and I continue to find that useful well into my 2nd year of bellydancing . Again , it 's a warm up and a quick get-ready-to-dance exercise.When this title first came out , threw were n't that many others in its class around . There still are n't . Many people expected to see ATS -LRB- American Tribal Style -RRB- combinations because of the key word tribal . In fact , this video is from a relatively new style which is a little funky and stark and is all about precision-controlled movements . The basics themselves look beautiful , because of the control . Sometimes this dance needs very little other embellishment - other than really interesting and varied constuming . The six combinations on this video use the isolations taught in the workout . Going through the teaching of these combinations is in itself quite a workout , by the way . The combinations are quite challenging , if you want to do them as picture-perfectly as Sera and the Solstice Dance Ensemble . Otherwise , you can just follow along and approximate them , allowing them to further refine your isolations.East Coast Tribal has both hard work and the `` coolth '' factor built into it . It 's among my top 3 favorites from a list of over 75 .
 With tribal style becoming so in to bellydance , this particular style is one you ca n't pass up . There is just a right blend of styles to create this one!Lengthy , detailed warm up session to prepare you for fluid , exaggerated tribal style moves that lead into a fabulous dance routine ! Great presentation by Sera and her dancers inspires you to get up and join in right away!Clear instruction , studio setting , using mirror as visual aid so you have both views of instructor . Sera is delightful with strong presentation of her program , unlocks all the key ingredients to get you going . No fancy jargon , straight to the point - easy to understand Some of these moves may be challenging to beginners but it is up to you how hard you want to work to perfect these moves . Sera 's moves though challenging are realistic and attainable for the beginner and advanced dancer ! 6 combinations for the routine are detailed but very well explained . They are divided into arm , hip , chest isolations embellished with beautiful serpentine , snake arms . The footwork challenges you with layered traveling undulations.Strobing and fluid movements used as a blend are explained and illustrated.Music is by Freak Factory and lures you right in.To finalize things , Sera puts on a mesmerizing performance that leaves one without a doubt a big fan of her east coast style of tribal dance ! Eager to try out this program , all I want to do now is learn it quickly . Love it !
 I was n't too sure what to expect given that the cover art shows a dancer very different from those I 've learned from before . But wow , I watched Sera 's performance before I did the workouts , and it was love at first sight . -LRB- Full disclosure
 although i thought it was going to be slow and moody , it was quite different from classical oriental bellydance , it was fun and made for an extremely well workout ! @
 Fascinating is the only way to describe Sera 's dancing ! I love it!Were you spell-bound watching fluid , snake-like bellydancers ? Were you astounded by the way break-dancers seemed almost disconnected , yet glidedas if they had no legs ? Sera is like the break-dancing bellydancer . Please understand that I mean this in the MOST complimentary way ! This DVD is SO MUCH FUN !!!!! If you are getting bored with your usual bellydance workout , grab this DVD ! By the way , all the girls on this DVD are GORGEOUS , and it is easy to see their movements . The instruction is clear , the choreography fun , and the performance intriguing !
 Loved this DVD . There 's great explanations , isolations , and a wonderful routine to learn . She starts slowly and builds with layering techniques . I 've reviewed this disk many times trying to catch all the intricate moves . Highly recommend this disk for anyone with a background in tribal BD already . Not for beginners .
 I have a few bellydance DVDs at home . I have to admit that this is on of my favorites . Even though I think the warm-up is too long -LRB- 20 minutes -RRB- , I have to admit that it is effective . If you do n't even have time to do the whole video , the warm-up would be enough for you . There was a 10-minute segment on hip work , which is also pretty good . I think it would have been better if they included more moves than just hip slides , hip locks , and shimmies . There is a demonstration of the routine which is about 5 minutes long -LRB- the routine is only about 21/2 minutes , but they repeat it automatically -RRB- , which I love . Afterwards , the routine is broken up into 6 combinations and Sera teaches you how to do them . What I like the most is that the instructor is actually talking instead of using a voice-over .
 Sera guides you through a truly warming warmup and stretches , then does some great combos , with funky fusion moves that are really different and beautiful . Her solo performance is also beautiful . Her style is genuinely happy without being cloyingly cheerful , and so is very enjoyable.My only quibble is that the music does n't always line up with the dance , as they were recorded separately . The music is n't to my taste either , sounding computer-generated . But this DVD is definitely worth owning and using repeatedly for the dancing .
 I liked the teaching , it 's REALLY step by step so that you can understand the movements well . I also like the combinations.The light is good and Sera demonstrates everything in front of a mirror , so you have a good front and back view.I also liked the workout - great for your glutes : - -RRB- BUT
 I 've been dancing for almost 3 years now , and I found this DVD to be refreshing ! Sera introduced some new moves -LRB- to me , my background is Egyptian -RRB- , and new concepts of thinking about some old moves . I really enjoyed the DVD , it had me sweating!That being said , the title has the word `` Basics '' in it ... This part could n't really be farther from the truth . I would definitely not reccomend this DVD for beginner bellydancers . She busts into a lot of moves without any explanation , and this would confuse very new people.However , a beginner dancer with 6 months to a year of instruction would find this as a very challenging but fun DVD.Sera gets 5 stars for noting those watching to be in the correct dance posture many times throughout the videos . Major Kudos for that ! So many Dvds do not talk about dance posture!Hope this is helpful !
 I have been bellydancing for 3.5 years -LRB- Egyptian and Turkish styles -RRB- and take a 1.5 hour Intermediate level class each week . This is the first Tribal DVD I bought , but it is one of the BEST bellydance videos I own now . The 20 Warm up and Isolations and 10 minute belly dance hipwork drills were excellent for warming up the body and teaching flexibility and isolation . I liked that the Solstice Dance Ensemble dancers showed you the side views while Sera showed and explained the front view , so you have a better chance of doing the exercises correctly . I felt like I was doing belly dance warm up exercises as opposed to boring , normal stretches . Each sequence really helped warm up various parts of the body . Just doing those exercises is a good workout in itself!For the dance routine , they showed the whole routine , then Sera broke the routine down into 6 combinations over 45 minutes . I thought Sera was a good teacher the way she broke down the steps , explained , demonstrated , then layered other movements on top until you were doing a combination . For example , she may first show you the steps , you practice the steps , then add the hips . She shows you the rib slide and circle , then you add that to the steps and hips . Oh yes , do n't forget the arms and hands . Then you put it all together - ta da!For a beginning belly dancer , I think this DVD would be difficult - I found it challenging as an Intermediate student . I think this is worthwhile for every level of dancer though . You will increase your flexibility , isolations , strength , and really learn some great combinations . I liked all the arm and hand work - you will learn some beautiful , graceful , sensuous motions in this DVD.After the doing all the exercises on the DVD -LRB- several times , I was n't sure if I was going to make it through without having to pause the DVD -RRB- plus dancing along with her other performance , my entire body felt flexible , limber , loose , and just GREAT ! This is after 9 hour work day of sitting and working at a computer too!I love this video and would buy other Sera belly dance videos now .
 I was pleasantly surprised when I viewed this DVD - I thought the warm-up was thorough and challenging as were the drills - all basic MED movements well explained and made more sense than in the majority of my vast collection of instructional DVDs . I love how the sections are broken down and especially the combinations demonstration -LRB- which is a neat performance in itself by the way , and then the same group of combinations danced to two different music variations -RRB- I know someone complained about the `` hip hop '' elements , but that is not evident in the combinations that they demonstrate and then break down into very clear segments - the hip-hop aspect is very clear in Sera 's solo performance and although I am more traditional - I really liked seeing how she incorporated the new with the old traditional movements - very clever and talented girl that Sera . I thoroughly have enjoyed working out to and viewing this dvd and currently it is the one I most look forward to learning with . Someone also complained about the `` not smiling '' , so why do they need to smile ? I kind of think that `` look '' is kind of synonomous with the `` mysterious '' type of style that evolves from these languid , slow and fluid movements and I like it - and I am 53 years old so the whole `` gothic '' thing eludes me , but this video has not gone to that extreme - I think the girls show a variety of types and I think the costumes are wonderful .
 Tribal Fusion is defintiely the wave of the future of bellydance . Sera 's style is TFBD mixed with a little jazz and hip-hop which makes it a funky take on the genre . The choreography is not * killer * but gives you some good ideas , good basics . The beginning 30-min workout is great , I use that more than anything else for stretching and drills . I wish she had gone more into the isolations that TFBD is famous for , but I suppose you ca n't have everything . I did like the music she used and the setting is great too -- nice studio . Recommended for intermediate-level dancers and those curious about TFBD .
 I was impressed that they posed the backup dances in different positions so you know how you show look like doing and what the moves should from the sides , in the warm up part . I have not really seen Tribal style Belly Dancing , so I was reluctant to buy the DVD because of the cost despite the fact that it has so many positive reviews . I saw it two days ago , at Ross for $ 6.99 . At that price , I grabbed it despite the cashier giving me an odd look when she was ringing me up . The Dvd is a bit different cause I 've been learning Egyptian Style but its great to work on your isolation movies , which is one of the most important thing in Belly Dance . The performance piece is so smooth and beautiful . They also teach you fun little combos . She teaches you in detail and she gives you a lot of little really helpful hints . You feel like you really are in class with her . The one problem I find is she does n't tell you what you do with your feet . Sometimes if you stare at the mirror , it will reflect if your foot should be flat or you should lift it when the movement . Overall , it 's a great belly dance video and its fun . The only bad thing I can see is after a while , you might get annoyed with the detail instructions implanted into thru out the combos , once you learned the moves . This Dvd is not going to my ebay pile , like some other ones did .
 This is the best bellydancing DVD I have tried . If you are not beyond intermediate , you can both work up a sweat and improve your artistry . You will learn upper body , lower body , and combination moves . The DVD is sectioned so that you can work on individual moves or do a workout . Do n't miss Sera 's performance on the DVD extras . The way that woman both glides across the floor and makes each move distinct is amazing . She really knows how to own her dance space ! I am really glad I purchased this DVD .
 I bought this item having very low expectations on it . Ooooops !! Big surprise !! I was so wrong . After watching most of it , I really recomend this dvd . I am just a starter but I think the demonstration are so thorough that anyone must be able learn at least the basics . ` Sera ' is a wonderful Tribal dancer instructor . I love her , her outfits and style . I wish I could see her live performance some day.Believe me , it has been the best of all bellydance dvds I 've gotten so far -LRB- and ... I should know !!! -RRB- . If you already are advanced in bellydance , this might be too simple . In that case , I would go to personal lessons with a professor . However , like I said as a starter this has been the best I could get . Everything about it is so neat.I give it 5 stars . Go Sera !!!
 I am writing this because I hope some of you reading it will recognize yourself
 This is an awesome DVD!Tribal dance , but not a copycat of Northern California.Sera 's got a beautiful style , fresh & new !! She is an accomplished dancer herself.I do n't recommend this to true beginners as Its a little hard at first.The combos are difficult because you are mirroring her but practice , practice !! A unique demonstration by Sera at the end.Great workout & drills.There are so many tribal instructional & performance DVDS out now.A trend coming , This is at the front of the line.Thanks for a great time & instruction !!
 I think this video is geared at dancers that have had some background in belly dance . It almost comes off as though Sera assumes that however buys the DVD will have an understanding of belly dance . With that being said this is a great video , it has a nice warm up and isolation section that lasts about 20 minutes . It has a short drill section about 10 minutes but maybe you could knock that out as a practice right before work . There is also a combination section that breaks down all the combos . Over all the DVD is great I think the only thing that is lacking is a longer drilling section along with better stretching at the end of the drill section . However , in other parts of the DVD stretch is done well . But I 'd highly recommend this to anyone that has an interest in Tribal Belly Dance .
 I am new to belly dancing and not in the best of shape . There are a few things I look for in a belly dance video and this one covered it all very well.It was simple enough for a beginner , as long as you take it in stages . Sera did a really good job of breaking down the moves and giving hints to make them more understandable . Now do n't expect to pop in the DVD and do the entire routine . My first attempt got me through the absolutely wonderful warm-up , the hip work drills and half of the combinations and I was totally wrung out and had reached the end of my ability . It started getting much harder . I have no doubt that lots of practice will allow me to get through it though.I have to say that this DVD would be worth it just for the great 20 minute warm-up . It felt fantabulous !
 I 've always been interested in Tribal Bellydance but their are n't any classes in my area . This video is easy to follow and works some serious muscles like legs , glutes , obliques , lower abdominals , and back .
 This DVD really does the trick . She explains all the moves fully and breaks them down evenly . I got through the warm up and the first combination that she breaks down for the dance you perform later on and WOW ! This is n't like ordinary belly dance . She has all the muscles moving all at once and boy do they MOVE ! I feel my legs and my abs afterwards . Not only do you learn a cool new form of dance , but you 're getting a workout at the same time !
 I consider myself an experienced belly dancer and I learned combinations and moves that I had n't thought of from Sera ! Her explanations as to how to do the moves could be improved , but since I know what she 's trying to say and I can see what she herself is doing , I can look past that .
 Wow !!! I really enjoyed this cd . The whole entired cd was great especially the strength workout . The combiantions performace was more than words can say . I like the fact there was different ladies with different body type and size also how they demostrate the routine . The tatoos lady is my weight and almost my shape , it was easy following her . Wait , It was great following all of them . I love the routine and the step by step instruction on how to do the rountine . I have been learning belly dancing for 7 months . I have problem moving the top part of my body , their routine help me so much . However , I do not have problem moving the bottom . The best CD I have every purchase ... Go East Coast Tribal ...
 Awesome dvd !! Did n't care too much for the choice of music though , I prefer more of a drum solo to practice with .
 hands down , bar none . i 'm a beginner and i walked away from my tv a changed women !! ;-RRB- sera gives the best instruction , has fun moves , great music and is the next best thing to a real class . this is as good as having her in your living room , very , very informative . clear out the furniture and get ready to have a blast !! THANX SERA !!!
 This video is great for learning some basics , but the drills are what make it stand out . With clean video takes and focused shots , I never got confused .
 This is an awesome DVD!Tribal dance , but not a copycat of Northern California.Sera 's got a beautiful style , fresh & new !! She is an accomplished dancer herself.I do n't recommend this to true beginners as Its a little hard at first.The combos are difficult because you are mirroring her but practice , practice !! A unique demonstration by Sera at the end.Great workout & drills.There are so many tribal instructional & performance DVDS out now.A trend coming , This is at the front of the line.Thanks for a great time & instruction !!
 I got this DVD after getting Beautiful Freaks . I love everything from the Temple of Jehan group of dancers . Everything has a wonderful new move to do and this DVD gives a great warm up which felt more like a workout for 20 minutes . I love the way she went over all the moves and combos in a easy to understand and see . I am hoping to see Sera in a workshop one day in my neck of the woods .
 Sera is a wonderful teacher , she 's friendly , engaging , concise when she teaches , is original , knows how to keep an audience eyes on her movements , knows anatomy & how the body moves & is energetically aware of her body . She is never boring unlike many other dvds that teach choreography.The production is very professional with good camera work , editing & sound . The music is mostly synthesizer , but Sera 's on-screen presence as well as her backup dancers makes up for it.The IS bellydance , the moves , a lot of undulations , hip circles , omnis , lifts & drops , chest circles , lifts/drops , traveling steps , snake arms , but it is done with using layers , isolations , a touch of hip-hop , strobing to give it an edge from the basic style that many other dvds have done.She breaks down the moves in the warm-up as well as when teaching the combinations that are done in the choreography she does w/her backup dancers . She does this well , first showing you the basic movement , practicing that , then adding on the more intricate upper body , practicing that addition , lower body addition practice & then adding the final layers for it 's complex finish . This may be why the teaching segment is not boring , she has you ALWAYS moving , not just standing there watching & hearing all the info before you are allowed to practice.I would never suggest this for anyone who has n't taken a few classes in bellydance or at least owns a few dvds & knows the basics by heart with confidence.There is a lot of great , fun content for such a low price.Warm-up w/backup dancers - 20 minDrills w/backup dancers - 11 minCombinations Demonstration w/backup dancers - 6 minCombinations Taught/Practice Sera alone for 6 combos - 46 minPerformance by Sera alone - 7 min
 This DVD is very well done and easy to follow along with , yet challenging and a good work out . I would not recommend it for a new beginner however because Sera does not cover the beginning basic belly dance moves that you need to pull off the combos she teaches in the DVD . The warm-up and drills are awesome , but the real highlight is the amazing , fantastic , dance performance she gives . It has inspired me immensely !
 Sera is a likable personality on camera , well spoken and explains the movement clearly . Her warm up is thorough , her explanation of each move is well broken down -LRB- for instance , the reverse snake arms with a pivot turn -RRB- , and her choreography is likeable and definitely fusion . We fusion dancers have been waiting a long time for a fusion DVD , and this delivers . The style is definitely different than the style of Rachel Brice and other fusion dancers , but translates well and can be dissected into one 's own dance with ease.I do wish , as did another reviewer , that the dancers in the background had a bit more presence , but this is merely a question of preference . What I would have also liked to see is a second Sera performance , done to music of a different tempo -- I have seen her perform live and it is always a joy.It differs from Darshan 's DVD , and I feel Sera 's tribal fusion has a bit more of a liquid flow while Darshan is more of an isolation/percussive tribal fusion . I love both DVD 's , but each one delivers something different , even though they do have similar names .
 This DVD was fun , challenging and contained many cool combos . There are not very many tribal instructional DVD 's for more advanced/intermediate students ... but this one is great . The warm up alone is worth the price ... but her instruction on the multiple combos is thorough . I 'm really happy with this purchase .
 I use this video as an adjunct to taking classes in both tribal and cabaret styles . The warm-up is thorough and the explanations throughout the DVD are helpful . The break-up of the choreography allows you to personalize your session goals . I have been studying bellydance for a little over a year and this DVD helps solidify the foundations and also provides enough of a challenge to keep me coming back .
 My troupe and I use this DVD to learn new moves and just practice . It will make you sweat . Plus if you are used to doing tribal moves focusing on the right side this will get you working your left.Pick this up . It is great.-Margaret Lion , Director of Different Drummer Belly Dancers
 I must say I was pleasantly suprised at this dvd as I had no idea what to expect ! It is REALLY good ! I 've got several bellydance dvd 's and it 's great to get another one of such good quality to gain variations from different ways of teaching/explaining and also a perfect way to keep in shape . The workout is intense enough without being punishing and the instructions/techniques are clear and well explained . I would highly recommend this dvd to anyone interested in tribal fusion bellydance from beginners through to advanced .
 This is a great video , and what a great value . I did the video about three times a week , -LRB- just the warm ups and some of the combinations -RRB- . A few months later everyone is telling me how great I look . Trimmed up and core strength is a lot better . I love this video . I highly recommend it . People were also impressed with my Belly Dancing skills at our family Christmas party -LRB- 100 people -RRB- when I preformed .
 A little complicated for me but i tried . i wanted this as a fun `` workout '' turned out to be more of way laugh at myself workout and i really never used the video more than twice .
 This Bellydance DVD is one of the best that I have found . It is easy to follow and Sera gives very good easy to follow directions . I like that Sera gives you step by step instructions on how to do their dance . It is a lot of fun .
 its wonderful!very challenging , I 'm a total beginer , but it gives you the idea of the belly dance motion . it works you up , you start slow then go faster , when I do this I think , ok I cant do all of this now , but I know I 'll be able to if I keep at it.its very good I highly recomend it
 I love this DVD . It is a great addition to my bellydancing DVD collection .
 In a rather forgettable angst-filled Ingmar Bergman film , one angst-filled character says to another angst-filled character -- and I paraphrase
 Those of us who grew up in the 50 's - 60 's will especially enjoy this movie . The story of what happened to a teen idol -LRB- Vinnie -RRB- and his group -LRB- The Dreamers -RRB- is very moving . Because singing groups of those times were not properly rewarded financially , Vinnie is left with nothing but memories for his efforts . His bitterness causes him to put his pass and exceptional voice aside . Fortunately for him , his son and newly found girlfriend manage to get Vinnie to relive some of the glory days of Vinnie and The Dreamers.Combined with another storyline of Vinnie 's young daughter 's battle with cancer , the movie brings out many emotions . Except for the unnecessary use of vulgar language , the entire family can enjoy this movie.Kenny Vance and The Planotones who provide the vocals for the movie and soundtrack have made `` Looking For An Echo '' a very popular song today for oldie lovers . I strongly suggest purchasing the soundtrack if you love oldie music .
 Thank goodness for tivo ... I had never heard of this movie before . . It was one of the best movies about music that I have ever seen , and the music itself was so beautiful that I bought the soundtrack . How nice that in this age of `` reality shows '' , sick comedy , violence and sexploitation one can see a movie that is about a father and son , about the father and his past and the son and his future . It only added to my love of this movie that it takes place in Brooklyn -LRB- where my late Dad was born and raised . . and where I have spent some time -RRB- . You dont have to be a doowop fan to enjoy this movie ; I wasnt really into doowop back then -LRB- though now I have renewed interest -RRB- . This is a movie a family can watch , enjoy and where each person can find someone in the movie or something to relate to.This is one of the few movies that I wo n't ever tire of seeing .
 I am a self-proclaimed doo-wop junkie , that finally saw a movie to do this music proud ! I recently had the pleasure of seeing Kenny Vance and the Plantotones perform , which moved me to purchase the CD and the DVD ! A fine cast , and heart-felt story combines with the music to make `` Echo '' a movie you can watch more than once . This is a real `` sleeper '' , that needs to wake up more viewers !
 EXCELLENT ! FINE ACTING ! BEAUTIFUL MUSIC ! NOSTALGIC ! GREAT , INSPIRING STORY . HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE MOVIE AND THE SOUNDTRACK .
 This was a Great Movie . If you like Doo Wop Music and a good story line , then you 'll enjoy this movie . It 's one of those movies I could watch over and over again and not get tired of it .
 Armand Assante is a favorite of mine . I loved all of his movies . I was so suprised to see him in a doo-wap role , but he was fantastic as always . His emotional performance of a man who lost his wife to cancer and is now dealing with the potential loss of his daughter from the same disease is heartwrenching . His relationship with his two sons also brings reality to a parent 's love for his children , and the torment of his past singing career . He and his singing group of the 50 's made one big hit , but were soon removed from the limelight . Over the next 30 years , he works as a bartender and his group plays for weddings . If you love doo-wap and Assante , you 'll love this movie . Nostalgia at its best . I recommend getting the Audio CD and playing it before seeing the movie , then you will really enjoy it .
 The story plot was great . The songs were even greater . Would recommend the purchase of this DVD to everyone . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 I purchased this movie after hearing the sound track from Kenny Vance . I thought it would be good but I was surprisingly delighted by story line . It was about a great family man portrayed by Armand Assante . His love of music and his family and friends bring about this great movie . He had been the lead singer of a Doo Wop group which had come to an end when Doo Wop was taken over by Rock and Roll . He always dreamed of what life would have been if his singing career had n't ended . With the help of his loving family and friends for one night that dream came true .
 I THOUGH IT WAS A GOOD MOVIE LIGHT BUT VERY ENJOYABLE
 I loved this movie -LRB- my wife did too -RRB- . I bought the sound track as well , and I highly recommend both . The songs `` Looking For An Echo '' and `` This Magic Moment '' are fantastic and haunting arrangements . I 'll add this movie to my collection of those I watch again and again . It is very believable and contains great characters . There are also some very emotional scenes . If you are into oldies music and long for the `` good old days '' , then this one is for you !
 GREAT MOVIE . THE STORYLINE WAS PLAUSIBLE AND THE MUSIC WAS REALLY GREAT . THIS IS ONE TO WATCH OVER AND OVER
 I LOVED this movie ... Edoardo Ballerini stole the show as Armand Assante 's son . . will never forget his singing `` I SWEAR '' . Armand did not put much feeling or emotion into his singing -LRB- tho neither father nor son actually sing the songs -RRB- . Story line was great as was the acting . . One aside to the DVD , I bought the ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK , only to find that `` THIS I SWEAR '' was sung by someone else -LRB- never heard of the guy , he does broadway or something -RRB- in the movie than was put on the CD . . the movie version was MUCH better . If you listen closely , you ca n't miss the emotional difference between the two versions . .
 After viewing `` Looking for an Echo '' twice in one afternoon , I am definitely going to add this movie to my collection . I felt so good while viewing the movie that I had to sit through it a second time . The characters are precise and real , the music is the best there ever was , and the whole story is wrapped together in a mixture of love , friendship , good times and bad , and a dose of sentamentality . Absolutely fantastic !!!!!!!! Too bad we ca n't bring back those days for real ... they were the best . Thanks to everyone involved with making this movie . You made my day !!!
 IF YOUR AS YOUNG AS I AM , -LRB- 62 -RRB- THIS MOVIE AND THE SONGS STILL LIVE IN YOUR HEART AND WILL FOREVER . ALMOST EVERY SONG AND PIECE OF MUSIC TOLD OF OUR FEELINGS FOR AND OF THE LOVE OF OUR LIVES . LOOKING FOR AN ECHO IS OUR TIMES IN THE FIFTIES AND SIXTIES . GREAT GREAT MOVIE . I 'LL BUY IT ON DVD BUT I WOULD RATHER HAVE IT ON VHS .
 To correct an error posted by Tsuyoshi , Kenny Vance was never the leader of Jay and the Americans . That title was held briefly by John `` Jay '' Traynor . David Black -LRB- n&eacute; Blatt -RRB- of `` The Empires '' took his place -LRB- after first agreeing to adopt the name Jay Black -RRB- . He still tours today and still has a great set of pipes.But Kenny was a member of Jay and the Americans . He left and went on to be a successful singer and music producer . He still sings today as lead singer of his group Kenny Vance and the Planotones . As you can tell from the film , he also still has a great set of pipes !
 Anyone who grew up in the 50 's and the early 60 's will love this film about a singing group who made their audiences happier , warmer and inspired ... It is so great to hear singers that not only have great musical talent but have mastered the art of ` diction ' ... This film does a beautiful job of portraying just about every emotion experienced by people in their 40 's and 50 's ... Human and warm ... treat yourself to a wonderful experience in time travel , you will love the journey .
 A nostalgic ride . I smiled throughout the film . Kenny Vance and his group really deliver the voices . Good story . Assante is great in his part , as are the other actors . If you like late fifties , early sixties music , you will love this . $ 10 well spent .
 If you miss seeing this movie you have then indeed missed something special!The story is touching , the acting and music , wow!I truly did enjoy this movie .
 It 's a little hokey , but if you 're a doo wop fan like me , you 'll love this movie . Kenny Vance and the Planotones , who are gifted entertainers if you have ever seen them in person , do the actual singing for the actors .
 Interesting story line ; music fantastic ! If you love late 50 's and early 60 's music , you will enjoy this . Kenny Vance is as good as ever .
 This is an incredibly good movie , the music is excellent in this movie . I highly recommend this DVD , you will not be disappointed . It 's the kind of movie that you 'll want to watch again .
 Very touching movie about the life of Kenny Vance . I love Kenny Vance , who is a singer , songwriter and producer and his group the Planotones . A definite must see movie !
 Just enjoyed it and if you like Doo wop , you 'll love this and the true story behind the singer.Excellent !
 I really enjoyed the story line and of course the music . I can relate to this movie because of the age group I am in . It brings back lots of great memories .
 C Am F and G. ... the four chords that ruled the Doo Wop world.Close harmonies and falsettos paved the way for romance and street corner groups.Vinnie Pirelli has seen the hearthrob world pass him by with little to show for it . He bartends and plays in a supper club combo to earn his keep but is hovering in Brooklyn without much direction . Lonely as his wife died of cancer ten years earlier he has a life that is predictable until his daughter Tina is stricken with cancer.Her role is terrific and she delivers the goods many times over.One son is an aspiring musician , the other a public servant cop . Ballerini as the musical prodigy is also splendid in his role showcasing not only music chops but is wise in the ways of being in an Italian family.Another well played scene is the budding relationship between Vinnie and his new love , the nurse Jo Anne . It shows a wonderful glimpse of what it is like to be in an older romanticsituation . Truly believable.The music however is the real star of this little gem of a movie . I saw Kenny Vance and the Planotones -LRB- the real music singers for this film -RRB- on a PBS special last month singing the title song and they were simply `` fabulous . `` Family , whether they be the members of your teenage group ... Dedication to the music that changed the world ... or Friendship are the cornerstones of this wonderful film.It deserves a wider audience!This would be a marvelous family film save for the language -LRB- necessary but could be offensive to some -RRB- and the constant smoking of Armand Assante who delivers the goods as the `` stuck '' but immensely talented Vinnie.Do yourself a favor and buy this film and be prepared to sing ! Do Doo Doo Do !
 This movie is great if you love Oldies , had friends over to watch it , they ordered a few copies when they got home . Ordering from Amazon is so easy , and service is great .
 This is a classic movie for all Doo Wop lovers , plus as an ex-Brooklynite living in NM , it brings a smile to my face . The movie itself is not Oscar material , but it 's a good way to enjoy some time . Best viewed with someone you like/love , you never know what may happen ; - -RRB-
 Like another reviewer I had not heard of this movie until catching it on satellite . Was very pleased and when the music began I started recording it . I was about 20 at the time of the story and this was my kind of music - not like too much of the sounds today . Have to order the DVD !
 It is a good thing to watch a lesser known works that turn out actually better than you expected . Now you got another one here , with Armand Assante and Daine Venora -LRB- Mrs. Michael Mann -RRB- , who had been long ill-used in Hollywood blockbusters like `` Judge Dredd '' and Bruno 's `` The Jackal '' respectively . But you should know that they deserve much , much better things than those , and you will understand what I mean after watching this little-seen film . `` Looking for an Echo '' -LRB- the title comes from Kenny Vance 's 1996 album -RRB- is about an Itarian middle-aged man Vince -LRB- Assante -RRB- whose wife had passed away , and lives now with his son , an aspiring musician . And Vince himself , back in the 1960s , was the leader of the hit chorus group `` Vinnie and the Dreamers , '' but is now totally retired from spotlight . But when he meets and falls in love with a nurse Joanne -LRB- Venora -RRB- , who happens to have been a huge fan of his group , he gradually feels the impulse he had long lost . As Vince reunites with his old buddies , he knows , and we know , that his love for good-old songs are never dead.Though my summery may lead you to think that the film goes on with a big showdown in sight , the fact is different . The story gives more stress to the budding relations between Vince and Joanne -LRB- and his son -RRB- , showing how they come to love -LRB- or understand -RRB- each other . Songs are playing a major part , but their roles are aptly subdued , with a script that cleverly avoids clithed moments . The film unfolds very quietly , letting us into the close picture of family and friends that every viewer can relate to . In this sense , `` Looking for an Echo '' resembles Tom Hanks film `` That Thing You Do '' with a difference that the former gives us a credible picture of former stars living the present while the latter directly leads us into the world of relations surrounding a pop-song group.The film refers to many chorus groups like `` The Dells '' and `` The Harptones , '' so if you can sing a song or two of them , you will like the sound you can hear in the film , which is vividly realized by Kenny Vance , who was the leader of `` Jay and The Americans . '' Many say rightly that this is a homage to doo-wap songs even though , as I said , the relations between characters come to the forefront in the story . But it is also true that its moody soundtrack does justice to the film 's title and your expectation based on that.Finally , though the film looks as a whole slightly light-weight , it gives a rare occasion for American film to introduce the love between man and woman aged more than 40 . This is a bit surprise because the film succeeds in that place too , especially when you see Diane Venora clad in fancy dress . And I wonder why she has to be wasted in a pointless Hollywood remake , doing a very thankless role while she can enliven the screen single-handedly as is shown here .
 This is absolutely the best movie wrapped around fifties & sixties music that I have ever seen . The music of Kenny Vance is superbly woven throughout a very heartwarming story that makes you want to cry and cheer at the same time . This is the music WCBS-FM SHOULD still be playing ! The locations in Brooklyn and Howard Beach are just great and add to the overall flavor of the movie . Do n't hestitate , just buy it !
 This is a wonderful absorbing movie . I had never heard of it till my TiVo downloaded it and I decided to watch it . Not full of flash but full of warm human feelings . Kindness and anger . Love and pain . This type of movie does n't get made now days . I 'm buying the DVD .
 I had never heard of this film until I caught it on one of the cable channels and was pleasantly surprised . Having myself been a musician of that early rock era and being about the same age as the main character the feelings all seemed very genuine . This is a film I would recommend all to see . A real slice of life .
 One wonders if the cast & crew of this wonderful flick thought they would/could succeed with
 `` Looking For An Echo '' is a movie that makes us remember what a movie should be . It has a wonderful story , joy , sadness , great music and Armand Asante in the role of his life . Nostalgic yet modern , this is a film that will make you feel wonderful after watching it and will stick in your mind . It 's a story of hope , dreams , and spirit hidden in us all . Do something nice for your heart
 This is one teriffic little film . As one who experienced the fame at age 16 and was out of the business at age 18 , I was very emotionally attached to this story . The cast had it right - on ! The music by Kenny Vance , particularly the arrangement of `` This I Swear '' was so perfect and so pure , that anyone experiencing it can not help but be moved back to another place . . and another time.Thank God the title is `` Looking for an Echo '' ... Vance ' homage to the golden era or I would have probably missed it on the video shelf.Rent It ... Buy It ... Love it !
 What a pleasant , sincere and heart-warming little movie ! While it may not have been nominated for any awards , it is an intelligently done story , with a fine and well-selected cast . Armand Assante , as the central character Vinny , is quite believable -- he has `` the look '' of a teen idol , thirty years or so after the fact . The supporting cast is terrific , especially Christy Carlson Romano , who , as Vinny 's daughter Tina , is absolutely charming ! The soundtrack , provided by Kenny Vance and the Planotones , is mesmerizing -- as I 've said before , Kenny 's voice is without equal - he is the finest lead singer I have ever heard , and I grew up in the 50 's & 60 's ! You wo n't go wrong by buying this movie . Guaranteed to make you feel good ! Also , do yourself a favor and get the soundtrack CD . It 's fantastic !
 I just love this movie . It is a feel good story , and the music takes you back to yesterday when groups sang in harmony , and looked to be discovered . The movie has a wonderful cast , and Armand Assante gives a moving performance in this story . It is one I would view over and over again . The story is wonderful , and the music is great . Please do n't miss this movie .
 If you love the music of the late 50/60 's , this movie has it all !!! Absolulately love Kenny Vance !!! Great movie and music !!! Love ... love ... love it !!!
 This is the FIRST video I 've purchased of a movie I 'd already seen on ` the big screen ' , but I just had to have it . You will not be disappointed !
 What a great movie especially if you grew up in the 50s , 60s , or 70s , . The scenes of Brooklyn , the acting the actors are all great , its as if they were born for the parts . The only bad thing is the language ... a lot of four letter words although the cursing is very accurate and true to the scenes , I felt uncomfortable in my home ... I 'm sorry thats the way I was raised . It 's a paradox , we were taught street talk is used outside , but what do you do when your TV is inside ????
 A wonderful movie I could relate to , because I grew up in the age of Doo Wop which was not what we called it then . I thought the actors did a wonderful job of bringing the movie across .
 Very satisfied with purchase . Price was better than on another website . Thanks for the bargain price .
 It is hard to understand how a great movie with great music , Armand Assante at his very best did not do better at the box office.If you like old time Doo Wop singing this movie is a must see.Excellent story line built around the music that we all loved from the 1960 's . I wish I could have given this movie more then 5 stars.A must see .
 AS A MEMBER OF THAT GENERATION WHO STILL THINKS THIS IS THE GREATEST MUSICEVER ; I DIDNT KNOW WHAT TO THINK WHEN I SAW THIS MOVIE ADVERTISED.WOULD IT BE JUST ANOTHER LOUSY VEHICLE USED AS AN EXCUSE TO DISPLAY THE MUSIC?WHAT A PLEASANT SURPRISE IT TURNED OUT TO BE.ALTHOUGH I WOULD HAVEBOUGHT IT JUST FOR THE MUSIC ; I WAS TREATED TO A REALLY WONDERFUL STORYABOUT A FAMILY THAT WAS VERY REAL ; WITH ALL THE BAGGAGE THAT GOES WITH IT.THE YOUNG LADY WHO PLAYED THE VERY SICK DAUGHTER WAS A REAL GEM.I GIVE ITA SOLID 5 STARS.KENNY VANCE AND COMPANY ARE A TRULY WONDERFUL GROUP .
 I thought Armand Assante reached his pinnacle in `` The Mambo Kings . '' He worked his heart out in that movie , and I did n't think it was possible for him to get any better . But he 's outdone himself with `` Looking for an Echo . '' There 's no limit to this actor 's talent and , for that matter , the talent of the entire cast . The story , the songs and the actors are phenomenal . Anyone who ca n't thoroughly enjoy this movie will never recognize or appreciate a truly great movie when they see it . A must see for anyone who lived through the '50s and '60s and the kids today who are learning about it from their parents who did . What I want to know is , when is the Academy going to recognize Assante 's talent and nominate him for an Oscar ?
 I bought this as a gift for Father 's Day . I received the VHS immediately and the cd soundtrack June 16th . I am still waiting for the dvd to be shipped . Very dissappointed about that , but my father told me he 's really enjoying the cd and VHS.I remember seeing this movie on HBO when it first aired and it is a very entertaining film . Anyone who likes `` DOO WOP '' music will certainly enjoy it . I 'm sure at some point , I will rewatch it .
 Of course not better then the original but this one blows all the other ones after the original away . I really enjoyed this one and had a lot of freaky parts to it . The main girl is extremely gorgeous as well which adds to it.But she is going to check up on her grandma who lives in this outskirt run down building which is to be torn down soon . Well she keeps running into these two freaky kids who just stare at her and dressed in clothes back in like Little House on the Prairie days.So of course people die by the kids and they leave these freaky corn wreaths on peoples doors whom will be next to die.A little twist in the end but overall a good movie . Highly recommended .
 When I first saw this it was on the Chiller channel on TV . I really did not get the thing of this , but It came on agan and it was okay . Very good as the last and I mean the very last children of the corn movie .
 The more terrifying the better . I do n't like graphic horror , likesevering heads , or cutting off arms . So this movie was awesome .
 HAVE N'T SEEN THE FILM , BUT AT THAT PRICE I DO N'T WANT TO !
 The people who gave this movie such bad reviews obviously did n't watch it or did n't pay attention to what they were watching . This movie with the title of Revelation was just that for the series . It is a kind of ending which explains where the `` child cult '' got started . Many of the kids did not have names that is true but the important ones did . This movie went a step beyond the other movies , it takes you back to where it all started and just may be the end of it all . I enjoyed this movie a lot , from the silent scenes full of suspence to the loud scenes full of screaming and children 's laughter . If you are n't into this series and have n't watched them and payed attention you will find it to make no sense , but if you have then it will all make perfect sense and you will be glad you watched it .
 BACK OF THE BOX : Based on the chilling story , ` Children of the Corn ' by Stephen king , REVELATION is the next shocking chapter in this ever-poplar series of sspence-thrillers ! When calls to her eccentric grandmonther go unanwered , Jamie Lowell is shocked to discover that her grandmother 's last known adress is a condemned tenement building overrunned by ncontrolled children ! But as Jamie slowly uncovers the truth behind her grandmother 's mysterios dissapearance , she merely disturbs a powerful evil that now wishes to destroy Jamie as well!When I saw this movie for $ 4.00 on VHS at my local thrift store , I took it home and expected the worst . I popped in the tape and was amazed . This sequel had almost nothing to do with the original , bt it was a great film ! The special effects cold have been a bit better , but it is still a good movie ! But only rent or buy it if you are a DIE-HARD COTC fan !
 ... . This movie was better then the rest ! Though the movie had kind of a different plot from the others but it was great.The Good of the movie : The Actors were great and the horror of the movie was really Scary.Alot of Terrifieing scenes in it . The movie had a good end plot twist . Yes you do get to see the demon He Who Walks Behind the Rows.The BAD
 this is an awesome flick but u probably dont need to watch it if you do n't understand what all of the other previous cotc movies are about . because to me this one kinda explains how it all started . just to say that the title `` revelation '' fits right into the movie because this one could be the end of it all .
 Do n't get me wrong ; `` Children Of The Corn
 I had the chance to preview this item and all I can say is , `` Wow ! '' It 's great home-spun fun about Chincoteague Ponies and it 's educational as well . Would be a great addition to any home and classroom .
 Can you imagine sitting in a New York apartment and seeing live ponies playing , eating and romping on a Farm ? The sounds aswell were extra wonderful . An exciting DVD for the whole family .
 Hi Everyone . We updated this video 4/2012 . You will see the changes and like them . Great demand for a Chincoteague Pony DVD . We stuffed the whole 30 minutes full of colorful registered chincoteague ponies here on the farmin Bellingham , WA . What fun the ponies are having . Eating and playing.Thank you all for purchasing this movie for your families .
 Ray McGovern , a 27 year veteran CIA intelligence analyst , speaks out about his experiences on the analytical side of the CIA , and the politicization of the agency starting around 1968 . His premise is that the agency was `` born with a birth defect '' in its original charter ; the proviso that essentially established the covert operations side of the agency . Chronicling the overthrow of governments , starting with the duly elected and popular Mossadegh presidency of Iran in 1953 and the installation of the highly repressive regime of the shah and his Savak secret police , and moving forward through additional governments replaced by the USG because they were not in synchronization with America 's need to expand her power and influence over the human and natural resources of the world to maintain an unsustainable lifestyle and level of consumption here at home . The complete `` Speaking Freely '' series of DVDs is well worth your time , providing concise insights into various aspects of our nation 's policies that are not good for anyone except for a moneyed elite sitting at the top of the financial pyramid of world economic power . The spread of corporatism has not been good for America in the long run , and has certainly not been good for nations on the receiving end of the hegemonic power of the American Empire . American citizens can continue to blithely go about their daily lives , relying on the corporate media to keep them informed , or they can choose to get involved in a bit of independent study and research to learn what is really going on behind the daily news , and then become a part of the force for positive change in the world in which we live .
 If you enjoyed `` Pteradactyl '' on SyFy , then this movie is for you.The only real downside for aficionados of SyFy movies is the lack of silicone and peroxide.It 's tremendously bad and it tries too hard to be `` schlocky '' . As another reviewer said , some of the special effects are almost passable!But it 's so over the top it comes back around to entertaining despite everything the producers , directors and actors can do.Minor spoiler that plenty of others have mentioned . * A shark leaps and bites the Golden Gate Bridge.Why ? Good question.Are there any other questions ? No ? Thanks . Good night .
 Author
 Words can not express the brilliance of this movie . I loved every second of it . One of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time . Watch this , and you will be smarter , better looking and probably more athletic . Your stress will decrease , flowers will bloom , and Debbie Gibson will personally call you and thank you for watching this work of art . I am a better man for the time spent watching this gem .
 Yea its based on FACT !! this movie is amazing!A + A+A + loved every second of it .
 Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus is a giant in craptactular b-movies , the sum of all things that a guilty pleasure should be . Has-been pop and tv stars from the 1980 's , poor visual effects , horrid dialogue and a shark jumping 10 's of 1000 's of feet into the air to eat an airplane . When I saw this was available on blue ray , I squealed . Yes , squealed like a piglet who found a tasty bit of slop . This is the kinda movie you enjoy with a bottle of something alcoholic and bags of the finest offerings from Taco Bell .
 I love syfy channel movies and this one was my favorite I think . I have watched it so many times and never tire of the flying shark eating a 747 or whatever size the plane was ! The cgi is terrible for the most part , but pure entertainment ! I love the story and the characters were so over the top they were wonderful . I always hoped for a sequel with our 3 main characters ... that is how much I enjoyed their performances and the way the story worked . If you enjoy syfy channel endeavors , do n't miss this one . You have to appreciate it for what it is and do n't go in expecting the next Argo !!!
 This movie is amazing.Best of all , it 's based on a true story.I watched the discovery channel special on Mega Shark before i saw this movie . The shark is real , and it 's unbelievable . In the discovery channel documentary , they have real live footage of the mega shark jumping out of the water and taking a gigantic mega-sized bite out of the moon.Everyone just thinks its another crater , but they are wrong . look at the mega teeth marks . They 're there.It 's the mega shark.But that giant octopus crap is all fake . I mean , really ? it 's ridiculous ... who 's going to believe that .
 I knew I was buying something that would never win an Oscar . It delivered the amazing ridiculous B-Movieness I had hoped for !
 Stars
 Lorenzo Lamas and Deborah Gibson ... with large shark and octopus was too much to pass up .
 This has got to be the funniest movie of 2009 , and the year has n't even ended . With all the cheap CGI and terrible acting , I could n't help but laugh -LSB- ... -RSB- off . -LSB- ... -RSB- . They should give it away with each purchase , regardless of the amount one spends.Anyway , the following is a SPOILER ALERT
 Ok folks , first let 's remember what this movie is . It is a low budget straight to DVD film . It was not designed to be a mega blockbuster . But considering the budget and the three week shoot time , this movie came together fairly well . Deborah Gibson saves the film . In her first role as a lead actress , she has to make up for horrendous acting from Lorenzo Lamas . The effects were well done and the plot is decent . Even Deborah Gibson herself was shocked at the publicity . But movies like this have made it big before and this one definitely deserves a look .
 Honestly , Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus is the best movie I have ever seen . Everything about this movie just screams amazing . Asylum Productions did a fantastic job with every aspect of this movie , from sound effects down to Deborah Gibson 's toe nails . The visual effects were also convincingly realistic to the point where I actually though the mega shark and the giant octopus were battling it out in my living room.The best part is when mega shark soars out of the water and bites that passenger plane in half . That was so beast . Not only was it the most epic thing I 've ever experienced , but it was so realistic ! I mean , I see mega sharks jumping twenty thousand feet in the air ALL THE TIME , but this was the first time I 've actually seen it incorporated into a movie that well . Lorenzo Lamas and Deborah Gibson also did a wonderful job acting . Not many actors can pull off acting in ridiculously cheesy sci-fi action films , which Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus DEFINITELY is not . I reccommend this movie to anyone who is alive and breathing . You have to be crazy not to want to see a battle more epic than the battle scene in the Chronicles of Narnia . And anyone who 's ever seen the Chronicles of Narnia knows that that stuff 's intense .
 A movie so bad it is good . Watching it gives you the impression they had a really good time making it . Very enjoyable to watch with a bunch of friends and subject to `` MST3K '' style ribbing !
 Take a foul mouthed marine biologist and an ancient Shark and Octopus and what have you got ? A major laugh fest that will brighten your afternoon . Lorenzo Lamas plays a character in this cheese bomb of bad special effects . The DVD version has all the inappropriate language you can tolerate . The script must have been written on a laptop at Starbucks . I want to apply as a screenwriter , because as a fan I could write a better movie . The only thing I would have taken out is the profanity because it makes this otherwise cheesey good movie look bad .
 This movie got a lot of hype from simply the trailer alone . I mean I havent seen so much hype for a straight to dvd/blu ray release -LRB- or sci fi channel -RRB- . The movie itself is just mediocre at best ... but thats what made the movie fun to watch . Yes some moments were stupid but I enjoyed almost every second of this.The movie had some cool scenes like the shark lunging at up a plane in mid flight . One problem I did have was no special features . Would 've liked to see something.Bottom line ... Rent or buyPros : - For a syfy channel movie , its fun-4 words ... shark jumping at planeCons : - No special features-Can get corny at times
 The condition of this movie was all I could 've hoped for . So happy to 've paid money to this merchant for this wonderful movie . Thank you for taking quality so seriously !
 This is our generation 's definitive work of art . By the end of this film I was weeping ... not because it was a bad movie but because I knew that MegaShark vs. Giant Octopus would have to end . That the magic would end . If there is any justice in the world , this movie will have multiple sequels . An emotional tour de force ... 5 stars !
 This movie is one of the most fantasicly horrible movies I have ever seen ! Every seen is worse than the last and will keep you doubling over from begining to end ! If you are looking for a good laugh , do n't waste your money , its free on Netlix instant watch !
 SPOILER ALERT : There is a scene where a shark jumps up into the stratosphere and pulls down a plane going 80mph and drags it down into the murky abyss.I challenge YOU not to youtube that defining moment of the film!It 's one of those movies where you just simply unplug and riff on it .
 great movie . i was scared at first . but after watching a preview i was like what the hek i loved it ever since .
 `` Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus '' is so much fun to watch . Just popping it into your DVD player will make you feel better . This movie is not as goofy and over-the-top as Asylum 's `` Mega Piranha '' and more fun.Deborah Gibson and Vic Chao give great performances . The other actors also seem to have fun as witnessed in the `` Blooper '' DVD feature . Five stars for being a crazy , outrageous , and entertaining movie .
 I 'm going to wait for the Blu-ray version to come out . I do n't think the DVD release does the special effects any justice .
 Mega vs. Octo is 90 mins . of pure cinematic magic . Director Perez weaves a tapestry of controlled mayhem while Gibson and Lamas give career defining performances . The top notch supporting cast is led by the scene stealing Vic Cho and the fat guy who plays the sub captain . The one complaint is , of course , the open ended finale . What happens to Mega & Octo once they 're swallowed up by the murky depths ? Will Mega escape Octo 's clutches ? Will Octo have any limbs left ? Will Mega vs. Octo II have a budget of more than $ 223.50 ? I give this B movie an A. Really .
 This masterpiece of cinema will make you laugh , will make you cry , will make you feel alive . All the elements of the next big blockbuster are there - intrigue , action , 200 foot shark , and romance . Deborah Gibson delivers an Academy Award winning performance as a marine biologist caught between 2 primordial forces , with the fate of the world at stake . Lorenzo Lamas swaggers his way to a career making performance as the hard driving military man who has an unexpected sensitive side . Although some parts of the film were cliched -LRB- who did n't foresee that Mr. Sakamura was actually a android ? -RRB- nonetheless , the film embraces the cliches and makes them into timeless classics . This is a heartwarming story that the whole family will treasure for decades to come .
 Simply put , if you 're here reading reviews about this movie you probably know exactly what to expect out of it , and already know if this is something you will enjoy or not.It 's a wonderfully cheesy movie chock full of over the top moments that border on being just plain silly , but that 's the way I like it . If you 're a fan of B movies do yourself a favor and give this a watch .
 If you do n't know that this is a cheesy movie by the title or the cover , there is no hope for you . Where else can you see a giant shark eat the Golden Gate Bridge ? Or a giant octopus swat down jets ? That would be enough to make me buy it .
 Although this movie has a far bigger ambition than budget , it still manageed to delight and entertain me throughout all of its 89 minutes . It 's by far the best movie THE ASYLUM has produced yet and while it certainly is n't up to the production standards of big budget hollywood stuff , it is often far more entertaining than the overblown hype Michael Bay and his ilk come up with . Honestly , the movie has a very striking , almost psychodelic look with loads of wild , garish lighting and lurid color schemes . The editing is fast and frantic and the visual effects are occasionally almost passable . The acting is over the top -LRB- and lots of fun -RRB- and the script is really out there . I truly enjoyed and appreciated this thing a lot . The DVD transfer is especially excellent and on an upconverting DVD player it often approaches bluray picture quality . The super aggressive Dolby 5.1 surround sound will also give your subwoofer a real workout -LRB- although dialog is sometimes a bit distorted -RRB- . Plenty of surround effects as well for an emersive experience . The premise of this one is so goofy and it moves along with a giddy speed that kept me smiling from start to finish . I loved it .
 I caught a early showing of this straight-to-dvd gem . Let 's be frank , this film will have a cultural impact for generations to come . I was immersed in a fantastical world of intrigue , science and drama that only a genius on par with Jules Vern could concoct . Deborah Gibson puts on the performance of a lifetime rivaled only by the shear artistry of one Lorenzo Lamas . Their combined performance will quicken the pulse , warm the heart and entertain .
 If you 're looking for amazing special effects , superb acting , and a supremely nuanced plot , then you probably would n't be considering this movie . If you 're looking for a ridiculous store line , cheesy computer graphics , and mediocre acting , then this is the greatest movie ever .
 One of the most entertaining films ever made , with MGM throwing in everything but the kitchen sink and all the elements working beautifully . God Almighty could n't have concocted a more exquisitely perfect cast . Wallace Beery , the most forceful and fascinating actor of his day , plays a villain who covets Jean Harlow and tortures hero Clark Gable , who is at his absolute peak as a roguish sea captain and even more fun to watch than he was later in `` Gone With the Wind , '' if that 's possible . Sensational humorist Robert Benchley , grandfather of the author of `` Jaws , '' is present for comic relief and his character is reeling drunk throughout the movie , which is refreshing to see when viewed from the standpoint of today 's comparatively repressive attitude toward alcohol . Rosalind Russell and Hattie McDaniel are also aboard the storm-tossed ship . This one gallops , with a literate and amusing script and lustrous , shimmering photography , and performances to savor from the strongest screen actors ever . A severely underrated classic and not to be missed . Be sure to watch it only in its original glowing black-and-white and avoid the aesthetically inferior colorized version . For whatever reasons , we no longer have actors as entertaining as Beery and Gable . This movie is a phenomenal treat .
 If you could classify a typical `` Golden Age of Hollywood '' , product then `` China Seas '' , would be it . It exemplifies everything that was so unique about the 1930 's in particular at a studio like MGM , where sheer star power often overcame an unlikely story to produce first rate entertainment that has stood the test of time . `` China Seas '' , was planned as one of 1935 's big `` A '' efforts by studio genius Irving Thalberg who always seemed to know what the public wanted and gave it to them in classy well produced film adaptions . The legendary teaming of super stars Clark Gable , Jean Harlow and Wallace Beery , all at the peak of their creative talents , almost guaranteed box office success which is what occured here making `` China Seas '' , a mega hit for MGM that year . The three leads certainly were displayed in `` typical '' , roles with Gable the cynical no nonsense ship 's Captain , Harlow the loud mouth mantrap living by her wits and usually clad in something revealing and Beery the rough bear-like villian out for the best opportunity for himeslf . All these usual personas however combine beautifully in an exciting modern pirate tale filled with interesting support characters , excellent action sequences and just enough humour to satisfy all viewers . The magical screen chemistry of Gable and Harlow is well on display here in one of their most pleasing vehicles together and rightly goes a long way to making `` China Seas '' , a viewing experience to treasure.Based on the novel by Crosbie Garstin , `` China Seas '' , tells the story of a passenger/cargo boat that is making a journey from Hong Kong to Singapore . In charge is Capt. Alan Gaskell -LRB- Clark Gable -RRB- , who is taking on board a highly desirable cargo of bullion for shipment . The voyage promises to be a highly dangerous one as the seas in that region are infamous for pirate gangs that make their living by robbing such vessels of their precious cargo . To add to his concerns he finds that his passenger list contains a few headaches and surprises as well when he finds that his sometime mistress Dolly `` China Doll '' Portland -LRB- Jean Harlow -RRB- has booked passage on the boat to keep her claws in him , and that also in the biggest surprise old flame Sybil Barclay -LRB- Rosalind Russell -RRB- , a refined Englishwoman has also tracked him down to Hong Kong and seeks more than just an enjoyable voyage from her former love . Also on board is Jamesy MacArdle -LRB- Wallace Beery -RRB- , who is there for his own reasons and is actually in league with some of the China sea pirates and intends to assist in stealing the bullion once the voyage is underway . Jamesy also harbours a passion for Dolly which as the voyage continues will cost her dearly in her pursuit of Alan . Once at sea a real jealousy springs up between Dolly and Sybil and when Dolly sees the old infatuation rising between Alan and Sybil she decides to have her own back on him and teams up with Jamesy in a very rowdy partnership designed to create jealousy in Alan . We are introduced to the other colourful characters on the voyage including disgraced new 3rd officer Tom Davids -LRB- Lewis Stone -RRB- a former captain who lost his last vessel and is on board under a real cloud of disapproval by the crew , Sir Guy Wilmerding the upright throughly English owner of the shipping line , and eternally drunk Charlie McCaleb who really has no idea where he is or where he is going . The voyage is anything but a calm crossing in that the crew must face a terrible hurricane which almost costs everyone their lives and a frightening attack by Malay pirates who have been forewarned of the rich cargo on board Alan 's ship by Jamesy and are willing to torture and kill to get it . In the lead up to these events Dolly discovers the real reason why Jamesy is on board when she finds the well known half of a bank note which the pirates use as a means of identification in his coat pocket . Trying to warn Alan about what is going to happen she is angrily rejected by him and then throws in her lot with Jamesy . The raid by the Malay pirates led by one of their `` princes '' , -LRB- Tetsu Komai -RRB- , however does n't have the expected result even after they put Alan through the torture of the Chinese Boot trying to find the whereabouts of the hidden bullion . Ironically enough it is the `` coward '' , of the voyage , Tom Davids who saves the day when after having his legs crushed by the pirates he proves his real worth under pressure by crawling to the cargo hold and gathering some explosives that help blow up the pirate vessel . In the aftermath of the fighting on board knowing that he is lost Jamesy kills himself and frees Dolly of any of the real blame . After the vessel docks in Singapore however justice has to be done and Alan begins to realise that the refined and comfortable life in England with Sybil is just not what he is cut out for and that life in the China Seas with Dolly and all its perils is his future . Promising to do all he can to stand by Dolly in the court case that will follow their future together based on being two individuals cut from the same material is assured.A typical star vehicle of its day perhaps but there is much to like in `` China Seas '' . Rarely has Clark Gable been in better form than here and his rogueish but basically respectable Alan Gaskell indeed has alot in common with his most famous role of Rhett Butler from `` Gone With The Wind '' . Gable 's real magic as a screen presense to be reckoned with is very evident in `` China Seas '' , and rarely during the 1930 's did he have a more perfectly matched leading lady than Jean Harlow . All slinky gowns , platinum blonde hair and always with something spithy to say Jean is the very embodiement of the `` tramp with a heart of gold '' . Her screen chemistry with Gable really came of age in their classic `` Red Dust '' , but here their work together is just as effective with the fire and the passion between the two literally boiling over . Veteran MGM character actor Lewis Stone really excels in his most unusual role which is light years away from his most famous role of Judge Hardy in the Andy Hardy series . Playing the coward who runs from his responsibility but who ultimately helps save the day when he is put to the test is a totally different turn for this gifted actor and he makes the most of his scenes . Rosalind Russell had n't yet in 1935 revealed herself as the superb comedian she was to become at the end of the decade with her role in `` The Women '' , and at this time was still working he rway through largely stiff and proper characters such as she plays in `` China Seas '' . Somehow it is hard to imagine the rugged Clark Gable really falling for such a proper character as Russell plays here and all the time you can see that Alan and Dolly despite all their fighting and threats towards each other are far better suited . Directed at a fast pace by Tay Garnett probably best known for his direction of the classic `` The Postman Always Rings Twice '' , and some of Greer Garson 's better efforts , the action is kept moving along to keep up the interest . We dont find out alot about these characters or alot about their motivations for what they do here however in such an action story as this that is not so vital . It 's their reactions to each other and the course of events that make `` China Seas '' , so entertaining . First class cinematography and lighting help play up the sensual side of the Gable/Harlow teaming here and designer Adrian excels in his women 's costumes with Harlow 's unforgettable slinky well off the shoulder evening gowns and Rosalind Russell 's prim and proper outfits perfectly filling us in on what type of women to expect here.As a combined action adventure and romance story `` China Seas '' , really delivers the goods in the entertainment department . The special effects scenes when the hurricane hits the ship for the time are excellent and constantly remind me of the great expertise that the major studios had even at this early time pre computer age , in mounting realistic looking elements like storms at sea . Of course first and foremost it is the Gable/Harlow teaming that makes this effort memorable . Both where often underestimated actors but certainly succeeded in setting sparks off each other in their scenes together . For a rousing modern day pirate tale full of adventure , skullduggery and steamy romance you ca n't go past Irving Thalberg 's glowing black and white classic `` China Seas '' .
 I do n't think so , be it in the jungle , a New York high rise or at sea . Hepburn & Tracy were great , no argument . But they were so modern & urbane , not rowdy & sexy , always fighting like Harlow & Gable . China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry . Yeah , & its a pretty good story too . Gable is Capt. Gaskell , skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore . Harlow is the floozie , Dolly , he had a fling with on shore . The ship is carrying gold . There is a terrific typhoon , & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while . They torture the Captain , but he does n't reveal where the gold is . Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman , Wallace Berry , against the Captain because she is mad at him . She of course changes her mind . The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he 's meant for Lady Sybil , played by Rosalind Russell , an old flame . But he & Dolly really are in love . Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later .
 This was the first film I saw that paired Clark Gable and Jean Harlow . I expected a lot from it and I was not disappointed . They were one of the finest screen teams of the 30s . In a way , the plot is like RED DUST on the high seas . Gable is again in charge of a location and the leader of men , including a crew of Asians . Harlow is again the woman of easy virtue with a heart of gold . Rosalind Russell , in an entertaining turn as Sybil , Gable 's long ago love , is a comedic and decidedly more classy dame who captures Captain Gaskill 's attention , and who incites China Doll 's jealousy . Wallace Beery , who worked with both Harlow and Gable in `` THE SECRET SIX '' and with Harlow in the 1933 classic `` DINNER AT EIGHT '' is enjoyably slick and subtly shady as Jamesy . But it is the chemistry between Harlow and Gable that really holds this movie together . They obviously had great respect and liking for one another , and this only cemented their working relationship on-screen . My favorite lines , one spoken by China Doll
 MGM , the Hollywood studio that boasted `` More stars than in heaven '' , were able in the thirties to blast away the rival studios by regularly releasing an all star blockbuster which smashed at the box office . `` China Seas '' is just such a film . As usual , MGM threw in the lot - a melodramatic adventure , a giant cast with more than 2 box office stars and superb production values in every department , including an exciting storm at sea . `` China Seas '' stars macho Clark Gable as a ship captain trading in the Orient , dealing with raunchy tart Jean Harlow as his girlfriend , refined Rosalind Russell as his ladylike English fiancee and Wallace Beery as a gun running crook . They are supported by an endless parade of character actors including Lewis Stone , C. Aubrey Smith and Robert Benchley . The film is at different times funny , corny , exciting and absurd . It has everything.The print is good and there are , for once on an MGM DVD , a few extras other than the original theatrical trailer . The musical short is fairly awful but the travel talk `` Cherry Blossom Time in Japan '' has genuine historical interest . The DVD is best value if purchased as part of the `` Clark Gable Signature Collection '' .
 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer -LRB- MGM -RRB- presents `` CHINA SEAS '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- -LRB- 87 min/B & W ;-RRB- -- Starring
 China Seas -LRB- Tay Garnett , 1935 , 87 ' -RRB- - Hilarious and rollingProduced by Irving Thalberg , Albert LewinWritten by Crobie Garstin -LRB- book -RRB- James Kevin , McGuinness , Jules FurthmanStarring
 Really enjoy the clever lines between the actors . These were the days for what made for great entertainment and actors . Not the computer graphics of these days !
 Harlow , Gable , and Beery teamed up again . Wally Beery played a mean s o b which was one of his strong points . Leave it to Jean Harlow and Clark Gable to foil his nasty plans . A very entertaining film .
 This movie is one of my favorites . There are so many elements that make it a classic that you can watch over and over . Gable 's rough charm , the adventure of the pirates of the China Seas trying to find the gold aboard and how Gable stands up to them to name a few . Wallace Berry plays the slimy villian that has a soft spot for Harlow . There is a terrific scene between the two where he shoves her and threatens her and you really see the struggle and her desire to do the right thing at war with her fear . She was very underated as an actress and holds her own with all the pros . Rosiland Russell gives an excellent performance and nails a British accent . Gable is the real hero , and when Wallace Berry says at one point about him , ` nobody 's that tough ! '' You want to stand up and argue . The typhoon scenes are full of action and the plot moves fast . You wo n't regret owning this one .
 Starts off as a fast-talking rom-com , but when a typhoon hits , things get nasty & fun ! A steamroller breaks loose & crushes screaming coolies . Beery shoves Harlow into a bureau , exposing her right breast for a few frames ! The pirates in cahoots w / Beery show up & smash Lewis Stone 's ankles to jelly w / a rifle butt . Then they torture Gable w / a foot-crushing boot . Where are those censors ?
 China Seas is n't a profound or lasting classic , but it is a rip-roaring example of just how entertaining the studio system could be at its best during the Golden Age , as Clark Gable battles typhoons , Malay pirates with big feet and Malay boots and the differing charms of Jean Harlow and Rosalind Russell while Wallace Beery plots to steal his cargo and a blotto Robert Benchley bobs along dispensing non-sequiters to all and sundry . At heart it 's just a post-Code Red Dust on the Hong Kong-Shanghai run , Harlow 's distinctly not at her best rehashing her brassy platinum blonde act for the umpteenth time and Russell is more affected than alluring , but Tay Garnett keeps it moving so fast that it does n't matter . Great entertainment with all the stops pulled out.Extras are a James Fitzpatrick travelog on Japan , a short film A Girl 's Best Years and theatrical trailer .
 `` China Seas '' stars MGM 's 3 top stars -LRB- Clark Gable , Jean Harlow , and Wallace Beery -RRB- in an exotic adventure tale produced by Irving Thalberg with a score by Herbert Stothart.The pairing of these 3 stars was an enormous box office draw . All 3 had top 10 films the previous year -LRB- Beery in `` Viva Villa '' , Gable in `` It Happened One Night '' and Harlow in `` The Girl from Missouri '' -RRB- and in 1933 Harlow teamed with Gable in `` Hold Your Man '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- and with Beery in `` Dinner at Eight '' and both films were in the top 10 . In fact , from 1932 through 1935 these 3 actors appeared in the top 10 every year without fail.Of course , Gable + Harlow were already a tremendous draw . They did 6 films together , starting in 1931 with `` The Secret Six '' . Their second film in 1932 , `` Red Dust '' , cemented Gable 's rising stardom . That film was # 4 at the box office and `` Hold Your Man '' was # 7 in 1933 . `` China Seas '' came in # 6 in 1935 . The next year , `` Wife vs. Secretary '' was # 10 at the box office and the following year `` Saratoga '' was # 2 , beaten out by `` Snow White '' . So , with the exception of their first film , 5 of their next 5 films all made the Top 10 box office.BTW - Their first film , `` The Secret Six '' , starred Wallace Beery and the co-stars were Lewis Stone and Johnny Mack Brown -LRB- the cowboy star -RRB- . Harlow received 4th billing and poor Clark Gable 's name was way down the list . By 1935 , Gable got top billing and Beery had fallen to third ; Lewis Stone went from co-star to also ran . Such are the vicissitudes of a Hollywood career.Clark Gable -LRB- 1901-60 -RRB- was one of the biggest stars of the 20th century , and a pretty good actor to boot . We remember him best as Rhett Butler for `` GWTW '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , for which he received one of his three Oscar nominations -LRB- the other nomination was for 1935 's `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' and he won in 1934 for `` It Happened One Night '' -RRB- , but he gave us many memorable performances in films like `` Teachers ' Pet '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- and `` But Not for Me '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- both of which earned him Golden Globe nominations . My favorite Gable flick is `` Run Silent Run Deep '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- . Gable plays a sea captain with a checkered past.Jean Harlow -LRB- 1911-37 -RRB- plays Gable 's girl friend . Harlow was the biggest sex symbol of her times having specialized in playing the gangster 's moll in such films as `` Hell 's Angels '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- , `` The Secret Six '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , and `` Public Enemy '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- . She evolved as an actress , exploring different personas , such as the comedienne -LRB- `` Bombshell '' -RRB- , the brassy girl friend -LRB- `` Red Dust '' -RRB- , and the girl next door -LRB- `` Wife vs. Secretary '' -RRB- . Here she reverts to the brassy slightly risqu&eacute; girl friend she was most famous for.In 1935 Wallace Beery -LRB- 1885-1949 -RRB- was at the height of his popularity , having starred in the popular `` Min and Bill '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- and `` The Big House '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- and won the Oscar for `` The Champ '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- . He co-starred in one of the first blockbusters ever made , `` Grand Hotel '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- . In 1934 he played Long John Silver in `` Treasure Island '' and Pancho Villa in `` Viva Villa '' - two of the biggest hits of the year . In this film Beery plays a shady character who is in love with Harlow.Rosalind Russell -LRB- 1907-76 -RRB- plays a sophisticated English woman who knew Gable `` in the old days '' when he was a proper gentleman and when she was married to his best friend . Now a widow , Russell has tracked Gable down and hopes to light the flame that merely sparked years ago . Russell is best known for her award winning performances in `` Auntie Mame '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- and `` Gypsy '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , and her great role as Hildy Johnson in `` His Girl Friday '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . Lewis Stone -LRB- 1879-1953 -RRB- plays a disgraced former sea captain . He was a major star in the 20s and 30s and was nominated for an Oscar for `` The Patriot '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- . Between 1914 and 1953 he made more than 150 films ; his memorable roles were as the warden in `` The Big House '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- , Doctor Otternschlag in `` Grand Hotel '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , and `` Doc '' in `` Three Godfathers '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . Gretta Garbo used him in 7 of her films . He 's probably best known for his continuing role as Judge Hardy in the Andy Hardy films -LRB- 1937-46 -RRB- . C. Aubrey Smith -LRB- 1863-1948 -RRB- was a great actor known for his roles as an aristocrat . He appeared in more than 100 films from 1915 to 1949 . He gave us memorable roles in a host of films , including Major Hamilton in `` The Lives of a Bengal Lancer '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , Lord Capulet in `` Romeo and Juliet '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , and Colonel Zapt in `` The Prisoner of Zenda '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- . I remember him best as Col. Williams in `` Wee Willie Winkie '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- with Shirley Temple . Smith plays the owner of the shipping line that Gable works for.Hattie McDaniel -LRB- 1895-1952 -RRB- has an uncredited role as Harlow 's maid . She once said - '' I 'd rather play a maid than be one . '' She 's best known for her Oscar winning role as Mammy in `` GWTW '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , one of more than 300 roles she played in a career from 1932 to 1952 . I remember her best from her TV series `` Beulah '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- . McDaniel and Gable were good friends , and she appeared in several films with Harlow and Gable.Director Tay Garnett -LRB- 1894-1977 -RRB- keeps the action moving . Though not well known today , Garnett was a busy director in the 30s and 40s and made films like `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , `` The Postman Always Rings Twice '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , and `` Bataan '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- . There are some spectacular scenes during a Typhoon , and 50 tons of water are used to simulate the storm , nearly killing two stuntmen . Gable himself performs his stunts , which involve roping a steam locomotive that is thrashing around the deck . Though generally well shot and edited , there are periodic studio shots , especially close ups that are jarring . Most of these involve Harlow . Of course , it 's difficult to complain about a close up of Harlow.The great Herbert Stothart -LRB- 1885-1949 -RRB- was the composer . Stothart won the Oscar for `` The Wizard of Oz '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- and was nominated 9 more times . He was often used in period pieces , and his films include `` Treasure Island '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , Viva Villa '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , `` David Copperfield '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , Anna Karenina '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` Tale of Two Cities '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , and `` Romeo and Juliette '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . `` China Seas '' was the # 6 box office film for 1935 . The top films were `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -LRB- with Gable -RRB- , `` Becky Sharp '' , `` Top Hat '' , `` The Littlest Rebel '' , and `` The Informer '' . The Oscars went to `` Mutiny '' -LRB- Picture -RRB- , `` The Informer '' -LRB- Actor -RRB- , and `` Dangerous '' -LRB- Actress -RRB- . Other notable films that year were `` Captain Blood '' , `` Anna Karenina '' , `` The 39 Steps '' , `` The Bride of Frankenstein '' , `` David Copperfield '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' , Frederic March 's `` Les Miserables '' , and `` A Night at the Opera '' . In Germany , Leni Riefenstahl released `` Triumph of the Will '' . If you like Gable and Harlow , this is the film for you . Think of it as `` Red Dust '' Part 2 . There are certainly better action films and better special effects , but where else will you see the top 3 stars in such good roles .
 Love the movie.Glad I got it.More young people should watch movies made in the 30,40 , and 50 .
 Who needs special effects , computer generated images and `` sweat and grunt '' scenes , when you have got good acting , good dialogue and humour ? Brilliant .
 This movie is so corny and hilarious -LRB- sometimes unintentionally -RRB- . It 's one of my feel good fav 's . I bought this one for Harlow and she is at her trashy , sarcastic , platinum blonde best !
 CHINA SEAS reunited Clark Gable and Jean Harlow following their celebrated partnership in `` Red Dust '' -- exchanging the sultry jungle setting for an exciting adventure on the seas . Rosalind Russell and Wallace Beery co-star . Clark Gable plays Captain Alan Gaskell , at the helm of a ship bound for Singapore ; and trying to shake off his unwelcome stowaway , former mistress Dolly `` China Doll '' Portland -LRB- Jean Harlow -RRB- . Adding even more complications is Gaskell 's prim fiancee Sybil Barclay -LRB- Rosalind Russell -RRB- . The love triangle is set against the Hong Kong-Singapore voyage , complete with a ferocious storm and a pirate attack.CHINA SEAS is a briskly-paced romantic adventure , peppered with razor sharp dialogue . Clark Gable and Jean Harlow fall effortlessly back into the easygoing chemistry they shared in `` Red Dust '' . In a severely under-written role -LRB- which might have originally been pegged for Mary Astor -RRB- , Rosalind Russell tries her best ; Wallace Beery puts in a good-humored performance as the resident heel of the piece.The DVD includes Vitaphone musical short `` A Girl 's Best Years '' , Fitzpatrick TravelTalk short `` Cherry Blossom Time in Japan '' , and the trailer . Also available as part ofClark Gable - The Signature Collection -LRB- Dancing Lady / China Seas / San Francisco / Wife vs. Secretary / Boom Town / Mogambo -RRB-
 Good old fashioned adventure/romance like they ca n't make anymore . I had n't seen it in a long time when I purchased the DVD and was surprised by the absence of a grand guns-blazing battle near the end that seemed to be set-up by the film 's progress . Still , worth your dime .
 I was amazed reading all the reviews here ; I just could n't believe all the complaining about the quality of this DVD and even of W.C. himself ! I guess if just the modern comedy of the last 30 years is the only thing you think is funny I suppose you may think that his movies are full of filler and there are only a few good nuggets of humor . I have always thought his movies were funny , even at the age of 10 seeing them on TV once in awhile . And now , 45 years later , after seeing the whole evolution of humor of the past 90 years , I do n't think anyone is funnier than W.C. . He can make the simplest things -LRB- like eating a piece of toast -RRB- funny . Just about anything , really.And as far as this Criterion DVD goes , the quality blew me away in the first 2 minutes . After all those years of just the crappiest copies on VHS and DVDs ; every single collection of these shorts with quality so bad you just wanted to barf . I could n't believe how clean this Criterion DVD was , it 's like they did the impossible . If you are a real WCF fan , you have to get this .
 What can one say about a man who makes you laugh so hard you fall out of a chair . WC was one of those would had that ability . this is worth the watch - more than once . classic - get it while you can since criterion dvds seem to disappear .
 The Criterion Collection -LRB- who also distribute the Jacques Tati films -RRB- tackle the astounding enigma that is W.C. Fields in this string of short films . Short subjects helped establish many a comedian 's reputation , and Fields was no exception . The running time was perfect for the comedy routines which Fields honed to perfection nearly every night on stage earlier on . `` Pool Sharks '' is Fields ' debut in 1915 . Being a silent , it relies heavily on the old `` two-rivals-fight-over-the-girl '' story , a stock cliche back in those days . They use some primitive stop-action effects to pull off the trick pool shots , which , in its way , has charm . But even at such an early date , you can see Fields ' rascally characterization already developing . `` The Golf Specialist '' is Fields ' first talkie , a golf game -LRB- which never gets played -RRB- sandwiched between beginning & ending storylines as an excuse for doing the routine . It 's been done before -LRB- almost verbatim in his feature `` You 're Telling Me '' -RRB- , but Fields ' idiosyncrasies manage to make it just as funny . `` The Dentist '' , his first for producer Mack Sennett , sets up another Fields routine . Forever notorious for its sight gag of a female patient who suggestively wraps her legs around Fields while he extracts a tooth must have raised many eyebrows back then , and even now . The real treat here is the classic `` The Fatal Glass of Beer '' , an offbeat comedy short satirizing all those `` snowed-in-the-Yukon '' operas . Fields is really in top form here as he tosses out funny lines -LRB- particularly the running gag line of `` It ai n't a fit night out for man or beast '' , and gets a fistful of snow in his face -RRB- . `` The Pharmacist '' has its moments too , as Fields plays a role he often did in features -- that of the henpecked husband & harassed father . The short is climaxed with a cops/robbers shootout which nearly reduces Fields ' quaint store to kindling . And finally , `` The Barber Shop '' scores with some wild sight gags as Fields contends with hot towels on the face , saunas , criminals , and children.All of these shorts serve as , more or less , framework for Fields ' routines . `` The Dentist '' , in particular , suffers slightly with the insertion of an annoying musical score , punctuating the scenes ; it simply does n't need it ! What these shorts do offer is pure Fields doing what he does best , without the intrusion of banal romantic subplots or musical productions found in feature films .
 This release by the Criterion contains 5 short films made by W.C. fields between 1930 and 1933 It also contains a short film made in 1915 . In the film `` Pool Sharks '' 1915 , Fields is a pool player and does tricks that defy the laws of physics.The film is credited as W.C. Fields ' first film though he was in a film before this one . This film has the earliest example of stop-motion animation I have ever seen.The film , `` The Golf specialist '' 1930 is a slapstick comedy where Fields stars as an inept golf player with an equally inept caddy.In `` The Dentist '' 1932 Fields is an incompetent dentistIn `` The Fatal Glass of Beer '' 1933 Fields is a man in the Yukon whose son has recently come home after a stay in prisonIn `` The Pharmacist '' 1933 Fields is a pharmasict whose wife and daughters give him a hard timeIn `` The Barber Shop '' 1933 Fields is a clumsy barber thant manages to injure his customers badly.Each of these films were prevously released on videotape on a 2 casette set.The DVD has no added special features though .
 W. C. Fields was one of the first , great comedians of the talkies . So much of his humor comes from his delivery that it 's almost hard to imagine him as a silent comedian . Fortunately , this DVD actually contains one of his silent shorts and you can see in the talkies as well that he was actually a very gifted phyisical comedian . If you have any interest in W.C. Fields , or classic comedies from the early 1930 's , you should definitley check out this DVD .
 I love the old comedy classics and ca n't get enough at times . For my money W. C. Fields is the master .
 W.C. Fields Shorts are comedy in a way that is not around any more . It is an art form that is lost .
 I was very happy with the product . Some good WC Fields films here . I recommend it to his fans
 W.C. Fields is one of the greatest comedians of our time . If you need proof look no further than this DVD collection of remastered shorts . Not a bad one in the bunch and they 'll make you laugh , guaranteed . If you love word play , physical comedy and humor that his sometimes a little not-so-PC then you 'll want to grab a copy of this DVD.Highly recommended
 To The Chump -LRB- Keith Whitener -RRB- : Thanks for suggesting that we punch someone in the face for recommending these classic comedy shorts.Someday , when you grow up , you will understand that Fields provides a unique form of humor , far ahead of his time . In fact , his only limitation was the technology of his day . His feature-length films would be number-one at the box office if he were alive and making movies today.His classic story line , `` total loser prospers in spite of himself '' and underlying themes can only be described as classic and has been copied countless times . It could n't happen to a more deserving fellow.I love The Stooges and Laurel & Hardy as much as anyone . But your reference to the Marx Brothers was clearly off base , as their humor is very similar to Fields ' . When you mature , you will discover that Fields ' escapades are legendary . Perhaps someday you will experience adult situations that will give you an appreciation of the classics you have viewed.Studville , USA - Population Me -LRB- nice touch , moron -RRB- Sincerely , Jim Martin
 Fields ' career spanned the Golden Age of silent films and went into the `` talkie era '' . Like Chaplin 's `` Little Tramp '' , Fields was the original `` Grumpy Old Man '' , a sympathetic combination of outrageously funny behavior tempered by the viewer 's envious wish to be able to act like Fields in similar situations . He was a truly unique character who could take the common and ordinary and turn it on its head , pulling and twisting humor from seemingly thin air , and change one 's perceptions of the game of golf , a visit to the dentist , or a refreshing glass of beer . Do n't miss this opportunity to visit Fields ; there will never be another like him .
 W.C. Fields is one of our greatest comedians and a National Treasure . His humor was meant to be enjoyed by intelligent , sophisticated adults , not snot-nosed dilletantes . Perhaps the first reviewer should move out of his mother 's basement , get a job and spend a few years in the real world and view Mr. Fields work again . Then I may be interseted in his opinion .
 This set is a must have collection of early film comedy and a perfect collection of W.C. Fields -LRB- Willlian Claude Dunkenfield -RRB- .
 W. C. Fields is universally regarded as one of the greatest and most influential comedians in the history of cinema , but apart from THE BANK DICK and perhaps NEVER GIVE A SUCKER AN EVEN BREAK , his films are wildly inconsistent , with utterly delicious moments sandwiched with large hunks of what feels like filler to stretch the action out to the length of a feature film . Even in one of Fields 's better films , like IT 'S A GIFT -LRB- with possibly the greatest comeback line I have ever heard ; upon being told that he is drunk , Fields retorts , `` And you 're crazy . But I 'll be sober tomorrow and you 'll be crazy the rest of your life . '' -RRB- , the dull or bad completely outweighs the good . In most of his films , we wait through the dross to get to the nuggets of pure gold . This is why in many ways these short films by Fields are quite possibly the best way to ingest Fields . There are just as many funny moments as in the feature films , and not as long to wait between jokes.Unfortunately , this is quite probably the worst disc that Criterion has ever produced . I give the disc five stars based on the quality of the material , but the execution of the disc is simply terrible . The prints all seem to be minimally restored , if at all . Worse , the titles and even the music sometimes seem to come from other decades . I am perplexed . Criterion usually sets the standards for quality restoration of classic films . If I was grading the execution of the disc rather than the shorts , I would give this one star.POOL SHARKS-Probably the best known of Fields 's many silent reels , and the most successful . Despite his extraordinary facility with props of all kinds , Fields 's act on both stage and screen depended to a large extent on his voice . Seeing him in a silent film is like watching a magician without his patter . It is not entertaining , but it is also not exceptional , and exceptional is what Fields was at his best . It is remarkable to see how young Fields looked in it . He would n't become a major success until he was in his fifties , so that it is sometimes hard to think of him as having been young . The titles seem to have been added in the 1950s . THE GOLF SPECIALIST shows Fields at his finest , with his superb gift in effortlessly manipulating props in full flower . The premise is absurdly simple
 The quality on the previous release laser was great . With one MAJOR exception . The Dentist had added music !!! This is by and far my favorite sound short -LRB- I have it on 16mm -RRB- , Somehow Criterian was supplied a master that contains some really offensive `` Cartoonlike '' music at two different spots . Notice during the struggle with the block of Ice in the kitchen . Out of nowhere , this music `` Invades '' the scene . Likewise on the golf course . There was no music originally . I e-mailed the Pres. of Criterian and he said that he was un-aware of that but nothing could be done . I would have believed him if not for the fact i wrote a snail mail and personally called his company to complain shortly after the laser release , we 'll over a year ago !!!! Very shoddy those people at Criterian . With that one small exception , this is a superb d.v.d. to own and is great historically and histerically . John
 These short films starring W.C. Fields are , in their own right , classic comedies . Uneven , as some have pointed out , but classic in their own right . I believe that the problem some people have with Fields ' sense of humor is that it is too dark and/or too adult for them . Fields was a spokesman for the common man , especially during the Depression . His comedy is subversive and sneaky . His complaining voice was recognized as the voice of the ordinary guy under the thumb of everyone and everything from his wife and mother-in-law , to dogs and children , to the rulers of the land and the very business he was in.As a kid I did not `` get '' Fields at all . I did n't understand what he was doing , and I did n't think he was funny . I much preferred Laurel & Hardy -LRB- whom I still adore -RRB- and Charlie Chase whose humor was more obvious and accessible to me . I was annoyed by Fields ' whining and complaining , did n't get the sarcastic asides , just did not like him at all.As I grew older I began to understand what it was that Fields was doing . He was an original , a pioneer . From the late Sam Kinnison to Larry David and Seinfeld , there is n't a comic writer or performer who does n't owe something to W.C. Fields . All the bitching and moaning you hear , especially from stand-ups , is nothing more than Fields brought into the modern era . He -LRB- and Mark Twain before him -RRB- spawned the sly and sarcastic wit of American comic dialogue long before it was commonly accepted or widely appreciated.Make no mistake
 To look at W.C.Fields in the context of his contemporaries is to be amazed at the fame and popularity of a character that was really quite subversive
 I had seen all these shorts when I bought this DVD , but I was hoping that I would actually be able to hear all the hilarious asides spoken by the Great Man . I was not disappointed . While the sound is hardly hi-fi , everything is quite audible compared to other copies of these same shorts being sold.I disagree that these shorts represent W.C. at his peak . If you want his best films , buy `` It 's a Gift '' and `` The Bank Dick '' , and any of his films of the 30 's you can find . But for the fan , this DVD is a delight .
 This DVD contains all of Field 's short films . Four were produced for Mack Sennett in 1932-3 , late in Sennett 's career . Sennett falsely claimed to have `` discovered '' Fields . No matter ; the Sennett shorts are all wonderful and are all 5-star films . My favorites are the hilariously sadistic and borderline lewd film `` The Dentist '' and `` The Fatal Glass of Beer '' , a surrealistic and bizarre parody of bad melodramas . `` The Pharmacist '' and `` The Barbershop '' also have a lot of fine moments.There are two other shorts which are clunkers as films , but are valuable as documentation of the routines Fields did for `` The Ziegfeld Follies . '' `` The Pool Shark '' is a poorly filmed silent version -LRB- 1916 -RRB- of Fields ' pool routine . `` The Golf Specialist '' is a very early and very primitive sound film .
 This is the best available version of these great masterpieces by W.C. Fields.The only drawback is the version of `` The Dentist '' that Criterion has chosen . It has some inauthentic music added to a few scenes - Fields struggling with the block of ice , and the scene wherein he knocks an `` old geezer '' on the head with a golf ball . This cartoon-like music really detracts from the flow of the film . Criterion could have and should have done better.To get the original soundtrack for `` The Dentist '' you 'll have to get some version like `` The Best of W.C. Fields '' which , however , has inferior video and a soundtrack that is authentic but a little out of sync .
 I purchased this DVD for my wheel-chair bound older brother who by the way has become increasingly pickier about everything in his older age . He has seen all 6 shorts on VHS but as noted previously the quality was n't up to his standards . Well , he loved the DVD , could n't thank me enough . He tried to find W.C. Fields DVD at the local library and video rental firms , no luck . So not only did he like the quality , I really enjoyed the convenience of Amazon.com as he and I live about 100 miles apart and I only get to see him every month or so . Thanks for a quality service .
 This is a unique and sensational 60s caper -- very well-written . There 's no exposition - nothing is telegraphed . You have to pay careful attention to all Coburn 's moves to find out how they play out . You 're not even sure what the score is ` til the final 20 minutes . It 's seriously ahead of its time , although its time may not have yet arrived still , because if this were made today they 'd overplay the cynicism of the piece and not let it all unfold for the viewer without irony.Though it has a low-key , hip 60s vibe , it has more of the feel of a subversive 70s entertainment . -LRB- I winced when I saw Rose Marie 's prominent billing in the credits , fearing a garish Mad-Mad-World-style comic cameo . She has only a couple of scenes , though and she 's terrific . -RRB- Coburn 's never been better.The picture 's a little too long , but it 's a complete knockout . Remembered today mainly for Harrison Ford 's three lines as a bellboy , this a subtle little classic .
 James Coburn is among my favorite actors -- he might not have been as handsome as , say , Cary Grant or Gregory Peck , nor as suave as Sean Connery or Rock Hudson , but he could carry a film as easily as any of these leading men . What Coburn brought to his roles , long before it became de riguer , was a steady but self-effacing cool , with quite a bit more humor than Steve McQueen or Lee Marvin , who approximated him physically . That his career did not go further is a mystery to me , but thank goodness we have the films he did make . Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round is a cryptic title until you get the reference in the film , but it 's a fine hold-up movie , and the sort that keeps you guessing as to what will happen next.Coburn plays Eli Kotch , a grifter who , among other things , charms his way out of prison by bedding the state 's psychologist -LRB- Marian McCargo , a cross between Barbara Billingsley and Dina Merrill -RRB- before making his way across the country in a series of interesting cons that net him women and money . It 's all to buy the scjematics for an airport international bank 's security system , which he plans to crack with the help of his gang -LRB- Aldo Ray , Michael Strong , and Severn Darden , whom Coburn would again co-star with in the excellent The President 's Analyst -RRB- . At risk are the usual close calls , but what elevates Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round from the usual caper film is its focus on both character and location , giving the film a more introspective geography than most . Watching it , one can see hints to what later would become standard elements of both Tarantino and Coen Brothers films , and in fact , it 's rather surprising in particular the latter chose to remake True Grit and not this film.A special note must be made about Camilla Sparv , who plays Coburn 's duped wife in this film . First of all , she is genuinely beautiful , and not just the standard icy blond , but her performance shows a grace and vulnerability that only a few actresses manage . She 's no Audrey Hepburn or Ingrid Bergman , but her turn in this film , as well as the underrated farce Murderer 's Row , suggests she should have had a better career than she managed.Robert Webber , too , brings dimension to the role of a put-upon secret service chief who has to contend with a visit by a Russian premier that , along with protests at the Los Angeles Airport , makes for the sort of confusion that Kotch is counting on . Webber often played Madison Avenue types who were affable if scheming but slightly befuddled , but here his performance manages to give the character more sympathy than he could have had , especially given the time the film was made.The movie is so good , it predicts what a superior film -- McQueen 's The Thomas Crown Affair -- would accomplish much better two years later
 We are used to seeing James Coburn bigger than life . He may be here but blends in to the story and soon you think of him as Eli Kotch or who ever he is at the moment.Eli Kotch is planning a large caper that will be masked by a visit by the Soviet Premier . He must make some quick cash to finance this plan . To do this he becomes many people and no one . Wooing maids to gain access to their employer 's abodes and pilfering on a large scale . It is fun watching him manufacture his personality and background . He becomes very efficient at this and even the boldness -LRB- with that Coburn grimace -RRB- will impress you . As in `` Waterhole # 3 '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- he must chose between the girl and the money . Keep your eyes and ears open for the outcome . Shall justice prevail?The President 's Analyst ~ James Coburn
 this movie is another great james coburn movie somewhat in thespirit of our man and in like flint , as well as presidents analyst . itfeatures a great coburn performance when he was in his prime in the 1960 's . well worth the money .
 This Episode Of Degrassi Is About Jake and Clare 's Parents Getting Married and Clare Dose n't Want To Be With Jake So Jake Throw A Party At His Cabin with Alli , Drew , Katie , and Marisol and Bianca Finds Out And Tells Clare So Clare Goes and She See 's Alli and Jake Kissing So She Runs Into The Woods and Marisol Gets Scared Because Of Story Jake Tells Her Marisol and Katie Get Locked In a Shed Jake and Drew Look For Clare But Eli Finds Her First The Gang Is Fearing The Woods and Their Is Nowhere To Run
 This was for my daughter and she was thrilled when it arrived so quickly . She 's already watched it .
 I Love Degrassi The Next Generation so much , it 's a helpful tv series that teens can deal with.As a grownup it 's worth buying for teens and kids alike.It 's a entertaing series that can teach teens how to cope with certain issues and how to understand being a teenager grasping upon to being an adult . + + AA Toatlly worth buying this set !!
 I love it ! it 's cool about how they tackles tough issues that lots of teens go thru . I totally recommend others to buy this box set .5 stars ! or better yet , A + + + + ! GO DEGRASSI !
 This season was n't that great cuz all of my fave characters left the show . They are Dylan , Marco , and , Paige . Dylan wasnt in this season but he was mention a lot . Marco and pagie was on the show but were in little episodes . Pagie got back with Alex and they ended up breaking up once agian and got with griffin.Darcy was raped and brough in a good amount of episodes with her storyline . A lot of new charatcers were introduce this season including Holly J one of the meanest person to ever attend Degrassi . Jane and Spinner started dating . Peter becomes emciapted from his parents . Ashley leaves the show I dont really care for her . Emma becomes more annoying . Manny and jay gets engage . This season was n't that great but for once I can say that I love Darcy 's storylines cuz in a couple of episodes centers it and it brings a lot of charatcers into the mix . Buy it now cuz its worth it .
 Okay , in this season here 's what happens . Darcy gets raped and attempts suicide , peter tells his mom that he is dating darcy , peter later joins a band with spinner , sav and danny . Darcy tells the principal that Snake touched her and snake gets suspended . Students from lakehurst move into degrassi . the characters are johnny dimarco , sav , anya , holly j sinclair , bruce the moose , jane , Damian and lucas . Alex only appears in two episodes and leaves for good , ashley decides to leave degrassi midway through the season to start her music career , craig returns for one episode to performwith his band . A new character moves in with paige , ellie and marco , his name is Griffin . Caitlin Ryan appears for 1 episode and hooks up with ellie 's boss Jesse . Emma , Liberty , Manning , Toby , Spinner and Jimmy finally graduate . Spinner develops cancer and gets into fights because of it , Spinner also develops a relationship with Jane . Emma and Damian become a couple as well . Toby says some hurtfull things about johnny dimarco and the lakehurst school , but later tries to make amends . Marco finally breaks it off with dylan and hooks up with ellie 's co-worker eric . Mia Jones joins the spirit squad and finally we get to see the father of isabella . Jimmy also wants to go to Amsterdam to be pay for stem-cell research .
 If you are a Degrassi fan you will love this season ! They just seem to be getting better and better !
 This is the best season yet ! Love the show . I have been watching it since season 1 and it just keeps getting better and better each season .
 Degrassi Season 7 DVD Boxset is a good buy , it 's a little different from the previous releases due to the fact that it 's released from Echo Bridge Entertainment this time around.All 24 Episodes from the 7th season are uncut and in great quality.Bonus features include Bloopers , Deleted Scenes , Commentary , Photo Gallary , Webisodes and Documentaries !! This is a great buy and worth it for any hard core Degrassi Fan !!
 Degrassi the Next Generation is an excellent show for teens and young adults . It deals with a vast array of adolescent issues , including sex , relationships , drugs , family , and friends . In season 7 , we are introduced to new , exciting characters , but are also able to see some of the favourites , such as Emma , Manny , and Spinner , who all graduate in the final episode . This season is even more shocking than the previous six , and if you are a Degrassi fan , this will not dissapoint . I highly recommend this product and ca n't wait to buy season 8 !
 Season 7 is the first to deal with the major characters in college , and I thought the show had a fantastic transition . I 'm so glad I watched it all unfold on dvd because this season , even more than those in the past , featured different characters in different episodes . Cliff hangers kept me watching most of this season in one sitting because storylines lasted for several episodes . For some , the mix of locations might not be as enjoyable , but I think it 's wonderful to see these characters grown up . As always , please start with season one , or the character development and their witty antics wo n't be nearly as entertaining .
 Who would think that a Husband & Wife at the age of 49 would stay up all night long to watchDegrassi
 This season of Degrassi really started edgy with Darcy 's unvoluntary divirgenization & blaming someone else for it . Most of the characters from season 6 are still on this one except for ALEX that was written out but appeared on the first few episodes . Ashley makes her appearances in several episodes & so does Toby , though he appeared a lot which makes me think he should n't never been written out of the cast . New characters makes their presence too.She was mentioned through each & every season by every character , I even thought she was a ghost or so she was cause no actress played her , but her sister did appeared as a new character & was recognized right away , this is none other than HOLY JAY SINCLAIR , sister of HEATHER SINCLAIR.HEATHER SINCLAIR was mentioned in all the seasons of degrassi but it was never played by anybody making her a ghostly character though HOLY JAY is an existing character & damn she is a bitch like her sister supposedly is , but it makes it interesting cause one SINCLAIR sister is more than enough for DEGRASSI.This season has a very awesome ending with a very awesome guest & whoever is a DEGRASSI unconditional fan will agree with me .
 Just like season 4 had a big milestone , so does season 7 . The original cast graduates at the end of this season and moves toward college afterwards . More new characters are brought in -LRB- like always -RRB- . Same drama , different situations . I would highly recommend getting this season due to the fact that everyone that started the series finally finishes school . I heard the following season -LRB- 8 -RRB- is sort of a let down due to the fact a few of the graduates continue their journey -LRB- much like when Paige , Ellie , and Marco finished high school a few seasons ago -RRB- .
 good quality but very large file size . Remember , do n't delete your Amazon videos that you 've paid for , because they 'll try to make you pay for them again after you delete them out of the cloud player . Download them to your PC or whatever you 're using so they do n't screw you .
 Crooklyn is one of the best movies I have seen ! It touches all emotion throughout the entire movie . The characters are great and the story line is wonderful . The humer that is used is done is such good taste that all different backgrounds can relate to it . I highly recommend this movie to all .
 I grew up in a large house with lots of kids running around so the film brought back memories . The hair the music the clothes took me straigh back to the 70 's . It 's my favorite film .
 Anyone who spent most of their childhood in the 1970 's will truly apprciate Crooklyn . I related to everything in this film . From buying candy at the corner store , watching the Partridge Family and going to visit relative down South . Spike Lee truly makes you think an appreciate your youth .
 Crooklyn is Spike Lee masterpiece that has been overlooked when compared to other works by the revolutionary filmaker . Along with Malcolm X and Do the Right Thing Crooklyn delivers . The captivating storyline takes you right back to the days of your youth . Spike Lee draws you in with a storyline that we can all relate too whether it is the constant bickering between siblings , the father that is is down and out of a job and the mother who struggles to provide for her family . Crooklyn will surely touch your hear with the story of ladybug and journey into becoming a young woman . Set during the seventies this is definately a trip down memory lane that is worth the trip .
 I bet me and the guy who watched this on African-American Movie Theater must have seen it at the same time for the first time and must have been equally moved . You will be too . I was extremely moved . I was really able to relate to the experience of the little girl -LRB- I being an African American woman who was about her age in the seventies -RRB- . So I could relate to just about everything including being sent to visit relatives for the summer and losing a parent at a young age . It 's a great movie and I found it inspiring .
 This movie is one of my favorites and I 'm glad I was able to find it here to add to my collection . I recommend purchases from this buyer !
 This was a great deal and I received the item in less than 2 days . I would purchase from this seller again .
 This movie alone justifies why Spike is one of the best directors out there . I love the camera tricks he uses during certain situations in the stories . Particularly when the vertically stretched screen was used as little Troy was staying at her aunt 's house , showing the situation as awkward in more ways than one . Crooklyn , in my opinion , did the best job to capture the look and the style of the seventies . The story . . the actors and actresses . . I loved it all .
 Oh this is a good movie ! I first saw it when I was maybe around 9 or 10 , I loved it ! Its about a girl growing up with her family probably around the 70 's in a city of New York . A Very good movie !
 I guess this picture gets less attention than most of Spike Lee 's other films . I generally like Lee , even though I do n't like everything he does . This film caught me , brought me into it , and stayed with me , which I give Lee credit for being able to do well . I do n't see it as a mess of reflections or arbitrary story-telling , as the editorial review says . The emotional life of the daughter is very well-realized through the story-telling , without being sentimental or simplified . Actually , that 's what stood out to me after I first saw it ; even though it 's not just about the girl , there are not too many movies that capture the relevant joy , frustration , and point of view of an ordinary girl like this one does , especially coming from a man . Just look at the scene at the end when she combs her sibling 's hair the way her mother used to , even though she hated it when her mother did it . It 's subtle , yet says so much . I ca n't help it ; I like movies that pay off if you let yourself get lost in them . I was happily lost in this one .
 Crooklyn is Spike Lee masterpiece that has been overlooked when compared to other works by the revolutionary filmaker . Along with Malcolm X and Do the Right Thing Crooklyn delivers . The captivating storyline takes you right back to the days of your youth . Spike Lee draws you in with a storyline that we can all relate too whether it is the constant bickering between siblings , the father that is is down and out of a job and the mother who struggles to provide for her family . Crooklyn will surely touch your hear with the story of ladybug and journey into becoming a young woman . Set during the seventies this is definately a trip down memory lane that is worth the trip .
 Nine-year-old Troy stares in astonishment at the spectacle before her . The Puerto Rican shopkeeper is dancing sensuously with a transvestite . As they bump and grind , she leans against the deli case , mouth agape in fascination . The cashier speaks impatiently to her . `` Okay , okay , keep your shirt on ! '' she says , not taking her eyes off the strange couple by the dairy case . `` Gim me two sticks of licorice , some lemonheads ... `` Introducing Troy Carmichael , the pluckiest , scrappiest bundle of brains and mouth and bones you 'll ever meet . She fights a protracted , sneaky Dirty Little War with her oldest brother Clinton . She wrestles boxes of Trix cereal from her no-good brother Wendell . She skips rope with the girls , eats ice-cream on the stoop of the ramshackle , delightful brownstone she shares with her family and a boarder -LRB- her hero -RRB- who is gentle to her . And she evolves into an astute observer of humanity and -- as the result of a family tragedy -- a responsible woman . . just like her mother.Whoever cast the astonishing Zelda Harris as the indomitable Troy should get an award . This little girl is mesmerizing to watch ; utterly natural and completely believable . You drink her in . She 's the daughter you 'd want . She 's the kid you wish you had been . She can lay you flat with a look and a twist of that mouth . And Spike Lee coaxes a remarkable performance from her as he leads us through a series of vignettes in a summer on the Block with her family , friends , and the myriad neighbors around them.The critics seem to think Crooklyn is a well-intentioned but meandering mess . I utterly disagree . Troy 's world is filled with the little steps in time that make up a life . Her parents fight -- and briefly separate -- not over grand infidelities but instead over money and family management . She 's frightened by , and later triumphs over the encroaching glue-sniffers on her block . She makes an enlightening journey into Darkest Maryland to visit her bizarre Aunt Song and her cousin Viola -LRB- `` Do n't worry , '' says Viola , rolling her eyes . `` I 'm adoped . '' -RRB- . And Spike returns her to her kitchen which , with a resigned air , she finally cleans up.Not one note in this quiet film rings false . Not one scene is staged or dishonest . And everything has the look and sound of the Seventies . A glorious soundtrack brings it all back . I grew up 3000 miles away and white , but I , too , sat on the bed fighting over the Partridge Family and Deputy Dog and Soul Train with my siblings . I found myself warmed clear to the bone by this gentle setpiece.Spike Lee is a genius who has made more `` important '' films than this -LRB- the remarkable and disturbing Do The Right Thing is now part of the western film canon -RRB- . But as a mother , I find Crooklyn to be ultimately the more profound film . Little Troy takes on the mantle and role of her mother not through harrowing cliffhangers and a histrionic plot but through the quiet everydayness of little gifts of love from her family and neighborhood . It 's Spike 's Gift of Love to us . If we 're smart , we 'll take it . Gratefully .
 I stumbled over this film on television on something called the African American Family Theater , a program I 'd never seen before -LRB- I 'm white -RRB- . Two hours later , I 'd realized I had just seen one of the most profound and moving films I could recall watching . Crooklyn takes you to another time and another era , is a humorous and poignant character study , and should be seen by anyone who claims to love movies .
 I am sorry I waited so long to watch this movie . Spike Lee brought me back to my child hood when I lived in Crown Heights and East New York Brooklyn . There was n't a single scene in the movie that I could say was far fetchec or not authentic . I highly recomend this movie to anyone who feels nostalgic about growing up in the 70 's . Its funny how things come full circle . I remember as a child being told about the good old days and now I see myself saying the same thing to the younger generations .
 There is much to commend `` Crooklyn '' . Each shot is composed with a level of craftsmanship and creativity approaching Hitchcock , and the rich visual ideas just keep coming at you . In particular , I loved how the glue sniffers moved along the sidewalk upside down to suggest their state of mind , and the way the whole Maryland episode was shot in a smashed-in distored fashion to underscore that it was `` squeaky clean '' suburbia that was stifling and strange -LRB- and thus potentially damaging -RRB- to little Troy , not her crowded Brooklyn neighborhood . And what 's nice is that these visual ideas do n't exist is a vacuum , but are housed in a genuinely good movie . The episodic story is funny , touching , involving , and rings true from start to finish . The movie also has what must be the funniest sight gag involving someone opening a sofa-bed in the history of movies . But to say more would be a crime -- see it for yourself ! And , rest assured , you 'll enjoy the rest of `` Crooklyn '' , too .
 THIS MOVIE IS GOOD AND SEMI-REALISTIC ... ALL THE ACTORS WERE GREAT -LRB- ESPECIALLY ZELDA HARRIS AS LADYBUG -RRB- I JUST HATE THE CIRCUMSTANCES AT THE END -LRB- IT 'S REALLY SAD -RRB- BUT OVERALL IT 'S A GOOD MOVIE
 This movie is the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen ! It takes me to a time and place that my parents and brother often spoke about . It moves me to tears and laughter . It 's my personal favorite - and if pop culture got a hold of it , I 'm sure they 'd feel the same .
 This movie was the absolute best ... I never seen this movie growing up . . and my husband convinced me to watch it and I fell in love with this all time classic !
 Had seen this movie a while back and am now happy to own a copy of my own ! And at such a great price too!Super fast shipping from this great seller !!!!!
 Very pleased with order . Wasnt expecting what I got at all . It said like new so I was expecting it to have been opened once atleast but I received it still in the plastic :--RRB- . Very pleased watched as soon as i got it
 i think the movie was great i love this movie so much i just brought it again because i lost my other copy but anyway i love the movie its is off the chain
 This is a wonderful movie . My favorite from Spike Lee . It tells an autobiographical story about a mother dying from cancer and its effect on the youngest girl in the house . It uses a lot of fun techniques to create a nostalgic mood for the 1970s and offers differences between urban and suburban African-American lifestyles in a hilarious comparison . The movie has quite a bit of love in it and that carries the story above and beyond the usual family history movie . The girl 's impression of the local drug addicts are hilarious . They are seen as crazies who are harmless but still scary to young children . The father is a jazz musician who makes a varied amount of money that the family ca n't depend on so the mother 's loss is felt even more acutely .
 Crookyln involes Spike Lee 's trip down memory lane and it 's a memorable one . The cinematography and script are all excellent as always and the soundtrack represents the seventies very well . The film 's only down point is that it 's a bit long but still a great heartwarming film .
 This has been my favorite movie since first seeing it when I was nine ! I love it and make any of my friends who has n't seen it watch it . Such a classic !
 This Spike Lee joint tells the funny , but also sad story about life growing up in Brooklyn in th Early ' 70 's through the eyes of a no-nonsense mother , a struggling-musician father and their 5 children . The music of that time was great and you get to hear some of it throughout the movie like The Stylistics , The Staple Singers & Aretha Franklin just to name a few . Also , clips from nostaglic commercials and TV shows like The Partridge Family and Soul Train -LRB- the first season -RRB- are also featured in this story that makes this movies worth watching.And I think the formula used for CROOKLYN may have been some sort of inspiration for the 2002-2005 NBC show AMERICAN DREAMS since they were both produced by Universal Pictures .
 Spike Lee made an amazing film about the life of an african american family . The casting is brilliant and this is a must see movie . This is one of my all time fav . 's and I 'm sure that anyone with some good taste will fall inlove with this movie , like I did .
 I 'm a black man who grew up in this same type of scenario and can literally re-live my childhood with this movie . I recommend this movie to all .
 This is a great movie to watch and it 's also one of my favorite movies . Highly Recommended
 Another wonderful film of Spike Lee 's . Reminiscent of `` Do The Right Thing '' with the neighborhood flavor , odd characters , a richness of detail and editing . But expecting it to be funny and light , I was disappointed . The family was always fighting and Alfre Woodard always yelling at her sons . I do have trouble with that . But they all seemed to love one another and the episode of Troy with her southern aunt was very well done , except for the odd way it was filmed . And the little girl who played Troy was effective in her role . Woodard is a truly gifted actress . I 've liked her in everything she 's been in . She should 've gotten an Oscar for `` Passion Fish '' . It never ceases to amaze me - the range of films that Lee has made . All of them good ; most of them exceptional . Only Woody Allen comes close to such a body of work . Lee 's characters are just so believable in their humanness . It 's like you 're looking into their lives and troubles and joys .
 Delroy Lindo puts in another great performance , the cast is generally very good and here Spike Lee finally gets off the soapbox for a change . It 's just straight bio of sorts , a simple story about a simple family going through some hard times , populated by many memorable characters . Very high reality quotient , nice blast from the past i.e. the Suckin ' Seventies .
 This movie will take you `` Back Down Memory Lane . `` I grew up during the 70 's and this movie hit home to me 100 % . The sound track alone will sell you on the movie . Spike Lee as well as ALL the characters in this movie will allow those who did NOT grow up in the seventies to know what the experience was like . The young girl in the movie is a STRONG actress and carries her role as the `` MISS KNOW IT ALL '' sister in the family while each of the brothers give her a hard time . It is up to the sister to keep the family together in the time of crisis.Much love SPIKE for bringing this time period in the lives of African Americans to the big screen for those to enjoy !
 I was upset to see the not-so good editorial reviews that were given for this movie . I think that this movie is great and that the reason that Spike Lee directs it as he does -LRB- that the editorials led to believe as being confusing or going nowhere -RRB- is because it is supposed to be from a little girls point of view . A little girl who is going through a lot in her life from annoying brothers and friends to separation of family and learning about things like drug abuse from people on the street . Not to mention that she is growing up fast . Anyways this is a great movie with all the elements of being funny , sad , and nolstalgic of the 70 's
 In my opinion this is one of Spike Lee 's well thought out story lines . This movie will make you cry and laugh . It is truly one of his best . It is a must see for any Spike Lee fan . Enjoy !!!!
 I enjoyed this movie when it first came out . Bought this dvd as a birthday gift for my sister 's birthday . Movie displays a wonderful message .
 Ahhh who can forget the good Ol' days of Spike Lee films that had heart as well as insight ? Who can forget this gem?Crooklyn is loosely based on Spike Lee 's life growing up . Its mostly a story that mostly details the struggles of a family growing up in Brooklyn as seen through the eyes of Troy -LRB- played by Zelda Harris -RRB- . There are beautiful performances to be seen here . Alfre Woodard 's presense is felt as the stern but loving mother of four kids and Delroy Lindo 's is great as the father who is also dealing with pressure as a struggling musician and trying to pay the rent on time . They go through the normal strife that any black family has to go through in poor areas but they still find a way to maintain . I remember as a kid that the last scene with the mom passing on had me choked up . Troy and her brother holding hands at the reception for the funeral was a touching scene too . They drove each other crazy but it was still love in the end . Crooklyn has brief moments of awareness like one scene in particular
 This is one of the funniest and sad movie I have ever saw . It is about a little girl name troy -LRB- Zelda Harris -RRB- who lives in Brooklyn and has hard times with family , friends , and neighbors . The movie may sound sad but it is funny . only the end of the movie is the sadest part but I am not going to tell you why . Just see the movie ! I love this movie every time I see it . It is FUNNY ! The soundtrack is awesome ! It had most of my favorite 70 's songs .
 Troy is a bright , beautiful little girl growing up in a fairly large family in Brooklyn . She is delightfully brash and original , traits she undoubtedly inherited from her indomitable mother . Her gentle father , a musician , is a soft hearted dreamer who leaves the more practical aspects of family living such as guidance , business issues and discipline to the no-nonsense mother.Troy gets a taste for life outside of Brooklyn when she spends part of a summer visiting an aunt and uncle who live out of state . Their adopted daughter , raised as an only child , teaches Troy some of the finer points of independence -- Troy does not have her brothers to rely on with this family.Matters come to a head when Troy 's mother dies . Her father and other concerned neighbors help keep the family together in a pinch and it is Troy herself , the bright , beautiful little girl who really radiates hope throughout this ordeal .
 Great movie ! The picture was excellent . I would recommend this seller , they sent it on time just perfect all thumbs up for me ...
 Great movie and in great condition . This is a movie from my childhood that I will never forget . Must see .
 This is one of my favorite movies so I bought it & would say it 's good quality and worth the buy
 Very good movie . I bought this just to add to my personal movie collection . Good price . Glad I did . Buy it now !
 Excellent movie makes u laugh and cry the best I have seen since cooley high and harlem nights . ! Very very good trust
 Its a great feel good family movie . . it has funny parts but is serious as well . It 's definantly one of my favorite spike lee joints
 GREAT NOSTALGIA MOVIE BROUGHT ME BACK TO MY YOUTH WHEN EVERYONE SEEMED SAFE AND LIFE WAS NOTHING BUT GETTING OUT ON THE STREET WITH YOUR FRIENDS . 99 PERCENT OF GAMES WE PLAYED WERE COSTLESS AN OLD CLOTHESLINE FOR JUMP ROPE - A STOOP AND A BALL -- YOUR FEET FOR RUNNING BY DINNER TIME YOU WERE EXHAUSTED EVERYONE WATCHED OUT FOR EACH OTHER .
 Thank you so much I love this movie ! Sorry I took so long I do n't get on the computer much . All is good here Merry Christmas !
 This movie tells the story of my childhood in Brooklyn , like so many others . One of my absolute favorite movies
 One of Spike Lee 's best movies in my opinion . If you grew up in the 70 's , this movie will bring back memories ! My children loved it too ... gave some insight into my and my husband 's lives visually . As always , Spike covers numerous subjects , and leaves the viewer with provoking issues of thought that you will remember for months to come . Loved it !
 I love this movie , and i watched it once when i was a little girl and loved it ever since . When i got older , i found it in the store and still been my favorite movie . It has a 70s theme to it , the clothes , music is great . Another good movie from Spike Lee . Now my daughter loves it and she is 6 yrs old . Im so excited because its a good family movie with a good outlook on how my heritage use to be and my daugter can enjoy it . Please buy if you want a good family movie . Its also emotional too which brung the movie all together . Great movie is all i can say .
 I 'm not a big spike lee fan , but this movie has always been one of my favorites ! In the past year i 've been ordering my childhood favorite movies from amazon . If you do n't mind watching a movie with a lil cussing then I recommend giving this a chance .
 The DVD arrived in good condition . The seller is reliable . The movie was very good.Crooklyn is a good movie about a little girl who has a large family . She is just tryingto fit in and get along with her family . The DVD was clear and it is a good copy .
 I love this movie . I use to watch it back in the day on HBO . Never new what is was called . Years later I found it on amazon . I was excited when it came in . The way the kids grew up reminds me of the days I spent at my friends house growing up . Their mother reminds me of my ex boss/friend . This is a great movie that touches your heart . Specially the ending when the only girl , Tory , has to take her mothers place .
 This movie is great family entertainment . It does n't really have a plot , but it 's great for seeing how African American families lived `` back in the day . '' I give it 2 thumbs up !
 My hat goes off to Spike Lee for this movie . Growing up in the City , I could relate to a lot of this . Though maybe not exactly the same era but who 's being picky right ? I laughed , I cried , I absolutely adored this movie and I say it 's a must see ! Especially for any Spike Lee fans !
 IT 'S A FUNNY & GREAT MOVIE . IT SHOWED THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN LIVING I NEW YORK VERSUS VISITING VIRGINIA . I CA N'T EXPLAIN THE REST .
 Good movie and in great condition . I watched in when I was young and it is still good now that I am older . Thanks
 i always get promp service and delivery of the products i order ... and they always come in good condition as well ... . amazon dot com is pretty informative with the info on the product and its wear abouts during the shipping process ... . and also crooklyn is a really down to earth feel good movie i grew up watching it ... it just teaches you to appreciate the small slpenders of life as well as the big !!! thanks trevel h.
 Being a huge Spike Lee fan , it means much when I say that `` Crooklyn '' ranks very high , just beneath `` Do The Right Thing '' and `` Malcolm X '' . Naturally , this coming-of-age family comedy set in Brooklyn during the 70 's obviously has a strong autobiographical slant to it -LRB- the screenplay was written by Spike and two of his siblings , the story itself was credited solely to his sister , Joie -RRB- , but if you 've read Spike 's out-of-print diary of the making of his first film `` She 's Got ta Have It '' , then you get an even stronger idea of how personal this film is to Spike ; the Clinton character is obviously molded after him . The acting , cinematography , cultural references , music and acting are all superior . Most creative was the debut of Spike 's `` slimmed-in '' cinematography during the Virginia sequence , which would soon become a Spike Lee trademark . Fans of Delroy Lindo who have n't seen this film will be surprised with his gentle & sensitive performance.I 'll tell you why this film has such a profound impact on me . I , like many others , have seen hundreds of films set in different times , places , etc. . But very few films have been able to transport me back to another time & place as effectively as `` Crooklyn '' . For the duration of the film , I really feel as if I 'm enjoying an intimate portrait of a working-class black family in Brooklyn during the 1970 's , it 's like I 'm right there . The irony is , I 'm a middle-class white boy from Chicago who was born in 1974 . This film is a grand artistic & personal triumph for Spike Lee .
 I saw this movie for the first time 10 years ago with my family and fell in love with it . I was however like 9 so I decided to watch it again to see if I still liked it and I must say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen . It reminds me so much of my own personal life it was scary . All these people who didnt like the movie are too focused on the unimportant facts of a movie and not looking at the movie itself . It has alot of truths in it and I think it is well worth th time and money to explore it and figure out where it parallels your life .
 The first time I saw this film , I was at my aunt 's house . Each character had their own uniqueness , especially Troy . I loved her . The film is one of those timeless classics . Growing up in Brooklyn , this has to be one of my favorite films . I was born in 1982 , but the film still resonates with me , because it shows me how life was back in the 1970s . Spike Lee , when is Hollywood going to give you an Oscar ?
 `` Crooklyn '' is a nostalgic story of the ups and downs of an African-American family living in 1970 's Brooklyn . It is probably the second best movie that director , Spike Lee has ever made . Lee 's best was the classic 80 's flick `` Do the Right Thing '' . But while `` Do the Right Thing '' was about ethnic tensions , racism and strife , `` Crooklyn '' is a film about love.In the movie we meet the Carmichael family . They yell , scream , call each names , even get into physical fights.But it is very evident , that love is very strong among this large brood.Dad -LRB- well played by Delroy Lindo -RRB- is a musician who is trying to create some honest music thats important to him . Mom -LRB- fabulously played by Alfre Woodard -RRB- is pulling her hair out , trying to keep this inner city family 's finances above water , while trying to stop the kids from killing each other.But the film really centers on 9 year old Troy -LRB- Zelda Harris -RRB- who shows us the ins and outs of her family life and the close Brooklyn neighborhood that she is growing up in . Juvenile actress , Zelda Harris gives us an amazing starring performance that is totally believable . The movie is pretty much autobiographical -LRB- Lee wrote it with his sister Joie -RRB- and it richly lays on the 1970s nostalgia with cultural references among other things to `` Soul Train '' , the `` Patridge Family '' , Walt Fraiser , and baseball stategamatic.The film also has a wonderful soundtrack which is packed with '70s R&B and pop music from groups like the Jackson 5 , the Spinners , Curtis Mayfield , the Staple Singers and Sly and the Family Stone.In fact , my favorite part of this movie is the opening credit sequence , where you hear Marc Dorsey 's `` People Make the World Go Round '' , while the film shows us the neighborhood 's children playing various sidewalk , kids games.Between Soccer practice and video games , do kids even do this anymore ? I just love this movie and I highly recommend it !
 As you can see , I loved the movie -LRB- I did give it 5 stars right ? -RRB- I think , for the people who did not enjoy it , it was more of the fact that they did n't understand it or were too critical.My father grew up in brooklyn in the 70s and when I was younger , he shared his love of music and stories of his childhood with me , so I could really relate . I did not try to find the deeper meaning of this story . I felt it . I saw a girl , in the short period of a season , learning about life and how it always moves on . I could relate to her family , immeadient and farther away . I could relate -LRB- because of my father -RRB- the way life was back then -LRB- it really was n't that long ago . -RRB- I loved every second of crooklyn and it 's beautiful soundtrack , . You may not , so do n't feel disappointed if you do n't ... this is only my opinion .
 This is a great film about some kids it is about the oldest child being a girl and living with her litle brothers and how they got on her last nerve and how she had stood up for them and living with her mother and father and growing up in the 1970 's . This film also showed how it is living in New York the terms and the conditons , and challenges tht you have to face growing up I really enjoy this film !!! I would reccommend anyone to buy this movie !!!!
 This is one of the most overlooked films of recent memory . No one mentions what a great performance Zelda Harris delivers . If Tatum O'Neal can get an Oscar for Paper Moon , then this child certainly deserved at least a nomination . Alfre can do no wrong in my book . A very tender and heartfelt movie - for the whole family , regardless of your ethnic background .
 This movie is a cult favorite in my family . I 've never lived in NYC , but really enjoy the way this movie makes me feel . It reminds me of the 70 's and growing up in a `` family '' . Nobody 's perfect , and lord knows we fight , but at the end of the day we all love one another . I believe this to be the best Spike Lee movie and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good movie on a Saturday afternoon . You will probably cry , though .
 This film is probably one of the best films ever produced from an autobiographical point of view . It 's depiction of the 70s and the world through the eyes of a child is so well crafted that you `` lose '' yourself in this film . It literally transforms you and takes you back to this time and you totally relate to the experiences , the love , the anger , the joy , the sadness that exists in this family . Alfre Woodard and Delroy Lindo give performances that are just too good to put into words . But , folks , the work of the young actress who is at the center of this movie is absolutely astonishing . She is completely believable and in my opinion born to play this role . How they found her just goes to prove that probably the strongest talent that Spike Lee has , among his many , is his ability to cast his films . This little woman steals the movie from every accomplished actor/actress in this movie and I ca n't imagine it having worked without her . This is a must see film and should be watched when you have some quiet time and want to relax and enjoy a good , heartwarming , film about love , family , triumph and tragedy , friendship , and above all , youth and innocence . A brilliant film .
 The movie was awesome . It had a great story line . Also it takes you back to the late 70 's and the early 80 's . Spike Lee definitly did a good job with the clothing , the scenary , and the music . It is a great family movie .
 In the endless parade of quirky high school coming-of-age stories , I 'm not sure that `` Just Peck '' really stands out as a unique offering in this overworked genre . It has some charm , to be sure , with likable actors and amusing situations . But , at times , this slight story wishes to present itself as something far darker and far edgier than it actually is . Still , if you like this sort of entertainment -- `` Just Peck '' is a solid enough proposition . I wished that it had dug a little deeper into the character psyches for there was the potential for this to be a richly unique experience . But every time the movie approached a potent realness , the screenplay backed off into more conventional comic mischief . It 's hard , however , not to be amused by the film 's underlying sweetness , gentle comic tone , and blissful awkwardness . While I 've long maintained that quirk is the curse of modern independent cinema , there is enough heart to make this effective on its own terms.Keir Gilchrist plays the titular character Michael Peck . If you guessed that he was a lovable misfit trying to find his place in the world -- you got it on the nose ! This high school sophomore has it rough . His parents -LRB- Adam Arkin and Marcia Cross -RRB- are overbearing , can you believe it ? In the delightful unreality of `` quirky central , '' they expect their son to reach the high ideals and ambitions that have made them successful by doing things like signing contracts and initiating Power Point presentations at home . It 's brutal ! He becomes enamored of an older and troubled bad girl -LRB- Brie Larson -RRB- and seeks to impress her with a science fair project he 's been coerced into designing . Gilchrist seems to miss that his dream girl is a complete mess with bouts of anger , isolationism , and depression -- but who does n't have issues ? The tentative romance/friendship is perhaps the strongest and most surprising element in the film and is , ultimately , what makes this narrative effective . `` Just Peck '' exists in the patently quirky suburban world in which everything at his gorgeously kept school is made to be laughed at . I know a few people who would think this school downright palatial and Peck 's problems pretty darn insignificant . But it is what it is . Arkin and Cross have some nice comedic moments , but the show belongs to Gilchrist . It was a bit creepy to see him pine after Larson as they played brother in sister for three seasons of Showtime 's `` United States of Tara , '' but that 's not a concern that most viewers will share . Amidst all the contrived wackiness -LRB- and the film 's pacing even keeps true outrageousness at arm 's length -RRB- , there is a central drama that is quite appealing . About 31/2 stars due to an uneven tone , I 'll round up for Gilchrist and Larson . KGHarris , 8/11 .
 It is indeed an independent film , a Sci-Fi nonetheless and just because of that , it makes it a rarity in itself . Having said that , I believe it 's an understood that it should get credit for having the guts to be that . The story is different and original and , even though it tried to simplify quantum physics for us mere unscientific mortals -LRB- aka audience -RRB- , there 's still a storyline that can be followed if the scientific part fails the audience . Some of the performances could have been better , but overall it was a movie I enjoyed . I 'm glad it made it all the way from England to the U.S. and did n't just stay underground roaming some selected festivals . That reminds me , I found out it won best Sci-Fi at the Phoenix Film Festival in Arizona . Check it out !
 It is hard to see how TV entertainment could be any better.A convincing frame story -LRB- a spritzer taken from real life with a dash of Spitzer and a slight shot of a few other scandals -RRB- , stretched into a thrilling even if soapy tale of corruption , betrayal , disappointment , hope , hope betrayed ... wrapped around a series of generally equally convincing court room drama around a struggling Chicago law firm . High class scripts , a brilliant lead actress , an astonishing complexity of plot , a dash of humor which never derails the suspense . Cr&egrave;me de la cr&egrave;me , as one of my favorite reviewers headlined her review.One of the lessons that the story teaches is
 Excellent - we have thoroughly enjoyed the dynamics of the series and look forward to watching many more episodes to come .
 This was such a good pilot ! Now I am watching the current shows and this gave me the background to know what the story is about ! I hope to be able to see the other seasons at some time .
 I heard good things about this series and it is true . Great acting and a fast moving engaging story line . I will be purchasing the series
 I have n't watched this yet , but the product itself was in perfect new condition . The price and availability was perfect .
 My friend could not wait to let me know how she and her daughter loved the series and plan to buy the next one!Great Gift .
 I enjoyed watching the first season of this series because it seem to be so realistic to the way things actually happen in a court room .
 While this is legally very shaky it is dramatically fabulous . The women characters are all terrific and the plots clever . Good investment
 If you like great acting , mysteries , personal and courtroom drama this is for you . Recommended by many people -- they were correct !
 This and Mad Men are the two best shows on television . We love this program and ca n't get enough of it .
 This is my favorite TV Show ! So happy I bought all 3 seasons . The delivery service was perfectly on time and the DVD 's were just as described
 This show continues to maintain my interest with its top notch acting , directing and writing . The characters are well developed . The story in each episode , usually dealing with a new court case , is interesting as well as on-going plot lines . New characters played by guest stars such as Michael J. Fox keep the series fresh and exciting . I hope this series has a long run.This particular episode deals with the benefits and deficiencies of a jury deliberating on a charge of murder . Anyone who has sat on a jury will be able to identify with their dilemna whether to consider this or that piece of `` evidence '' credible . This episode , like all the others , is well paced and will hold your interest.As usual , David Paymer , does a great job as the judge .
 I missed this series when it first aired . I have been doing some needlework and chose this series to watch , blessedly commercial free , while I stitched . I loved learning about the ecology of a law firm and about the lives of lawyers , the personal cost of being in that profession .
 Loved every single minute of this ... WELL DONE ... BRAVO ! Production , editing , acting , sets , direction were all top of the line , love legal dramas , hope this goes for 10 seasons .
 `` The Good Wife '' is quality entertainment AND 23 episodes per season.The main character roles are well developed as Alicia -LRB- the maincharacter -RRB- projects an enchanting , alluring and mysterious persona.In other words , it gets better as the season progresses.I like to speculate on what may happen next , and the GW offersmany opportunities . I urge you not to read ahead to futureepisodes .
 Hooked me the first episode . Now I 'm wondering why I kept putting off watching it til now . I like that this show portrays a lawyer with a semi-normal life and a HEART . Very well written and acted . This show deserves all the awards that it has won .
 I do n't usually purchase full seasons of TV shows I 've already watched , mostly because of the expense . But I 've so much enjoyed The Good Wife , I decided I had to purchase . As always , Amazon had the best price . Fast and free shipping , dvds are well-protected , and no problems with any one of the discs .
 I received this dvd order so fast . It was in great shape and I loved it.I sat and watched the whole series in a couple of days.I will definitely use them again .
 Pretty good show . I finished all of Season 1 and am now halfway through with Season 2 . Good characters -- both likeable and not .
 I received my DVD 's in the time that i was told i would receive them . So far i 've watched 2 DVD 's and they have been great quality . I would order again from this person .
 Video quality not great on season 1 episode 11 . But show is great . I highly recommend watching it . Funny with great story lines .
 Such a great show , good story line , something different from everything else out there . I wish it was easier to get the older seasons though .
 Really like the show , but the streaming stopped and started too much . Sometimes the video was out of synch with the audio .
 This season got me hooked on the show and I purchased all the other ones . It is terrific and takes you to a fun and exciting place .
 Love this show and will be ordering the second and third Season . What more can I say . I will enjoy this , as will my daughters .
 we are enjoying viewing The good wife shows on our own time schedule . the added clips on the dvd 's are fun to see .
 the good wife makes the shows from david e kelley look like remedial law . alicia florrick is truly an iconic figure of my generation .
 Though the plots may be comfortingly formulaic , Julianna Margulies ' performance elevates them . It 's great to see such a talented actress in yet another outstanding series .
 I got this for my wife as a gift . I sat down and watched 1 episode with her and now I 'm hooked . Looks like I 'll be getting the next seasons too .
 Great show . A nice mix of drama and humor . Good acting and very well cast . Individual stories are good and the continuing story makes it difficult to stop watching . The judges are particularly witty and unique . A couple characters are over the top but I suppose that 's necessary to keep things light . It 's fun because it gets into politics a little but does n't do it in a way that angers either side . Ca n't wait to start on season 2 .
 My boyfriend got me started on watching The Good Wife , and since I knew he 'd missed several episodes and parts of episodes due to work -LRB- and I 'd only caught part of one or two myself -RRB- , I got him/us the first season on DVD . It turned into movie nights for us , watching one disc each time . I went from indifferent to involved , and for Christmas , I got him ... the SECOND season.A damned good show , even when its `` legal-ease '' gets a bit thick ... I 'm looking forward to our second season 's worth of movie nights ... may The Good Wife have a long run !
 Exceptionally good writing , and acting . The ensemble cast delivers . The plot lines are are intelligent and believable ! I enjoyed season one so much that I am on to season two .
 I love this series and can not wait to see more . Watched the whole box set in 24 hours . Love Love Love it
 The Good Wife is my favorite show . Great acting and compelling story lines . I plan on buying all the seasons on DVD so I can continue to enjoy it for years to come .
 Great show ! This is my favorite show ever ! One thing I do n't like ... when I set up subtitle in English , but it 's for deaf and disabled . I 'm not a deaf . I just need to read subtitle/caption sometimes .
 While scanning my DVR , I noticed that I had the first 32 episodes of `` Good Wife '' in the `` keep '' bin . Usually , if I start keeping large numbers of episodes , that is my signal to go buy the DVD . In this case , the DVD was scheduled , but not quite out , so I pre-ordered . When the package came , it held six full length DVD 's . Besides the 23 episodes from the first season , they help a plethora of extra features , outtakes -LRB- eh , not impressed with outtakes -RRB- , writers ' discussion , character profiles , just a lot of good stuff.Bottom line , this set is not nearly as expensive as it seems at first glance . You get a lot of good stuff for your Euro . If you like the series , I recommend it , highly .
 Great stories , great direction , an outstanding cast.But most of all , Archie Panjabi as Kalinda is beyond belief.If you have not seen this series , do yourself a favor and rent season 1 .
 When I first read about `` the Good Wife '' -LRB- it was up for some awards -- Golden Globe , or Emmy -RRB- , I thought it sounded like a bad mix of some rather old forumlas
 Because of scheduling problems , I am not able to watch this series on TV . I have heard a lot of good things about this show from friends , and the critics sure like it . Still , I did n't think I would love it as much as I do!The writers do an amazing job of writing episodes that hold your interest . And the actors are extraordinary.I highly recommend you join the list of fans .
 Never was a phrase , `` torn from the headlines , '' more appropriate for a TV show . This dramatic tale of a wronged politician 's wife brings instantly to mind famous couples such as Bill and Hillary Clinton , John and Elizabeth Edwards , Darlene and John Ensign , Jenny and Mark Sanford , and David and Wendy Vitter . But the circumstances that most closely resemble those used in `` The Good Wife '' are those of Silda and Eliot Spitzer . In 2008 , Spitzer resigned as governor of New York after it was revealed that he had spent public funds on high-priced call girls . In his case , his resignation halted potential prosecution . Not so for Peter Florrick -LRB- Chris Noth , best known as Mr. Big , Carrie 's lover inSex and the City -RRB- . In `` The Good Wife , '' the husband of the titular `` good wife , '' resigns as the state 's attorney of Cook County , in the Chicago area of Illinois , after he 's exposed for the same crime as Spitzer . But his successor gets Peter thrown in jail.The series ' opening scene involves Peter 's wife , Alicia Florrick -LRB- Julianna Margulies , ER -RRB- , nobly , and humiliatingly , backing up Peter as he announces to the press he is resigning . Then the scene switches to six months in the future . Peter is in jail . Alicia has been forced to downsize from a big house to an apartment , and she 's looking for a job . For her entire marriage , Alicia has sacrificed her education and professional talents in favor of supporting her husband 's political career and caring for their two children , now young teenagers . But with Peter 's needs now moot , and his income gone , it 's time to dust off her law degree and seek a paid position.Though she is forty-something and out of touch with the legal world , Alicia manages to use one of her own connections to snag a position as a junior associate at the firm of a friend from law school , Will Gardner -LRB- Josh Charles , best known forSports Night -RRB- . But the job has two major drawbacks . First , Will sees her as the one that got away , and Alicia is in no mood for that kind of complication . And , second , the job is not secure . She is in competition with another new junior associate , Cary Agos -LRB- Matt Czuchry , Rory 's college boyfriend inGilmore Girls -RRB- , who is the very definition of a whiz kid . Worse , though Cary is extremely competitive , Alicia is naturally collegial and kind , and it goes totally against the grain for her to try and cut anyone out.I was sold on this show from the opening scene of the pilot . Every actor in it is great , but the three main female actors are particular standouts . First and foremost , Margulies is wonderful . In fact , one might say she was made for this part . It requires some of the most difficult skills an actor can have , in my humble opinion , to subtly indicate a whole range of emotion on the face of a character who is dignified and reserved by nature . Margulies manages to accomplish this with astounding ease given the limitations of her character 's personality . It would have been out of character , for example , for Alicia to employ standard `` bits of business '' that other actors use such as grabbing or shoving to show anger . Instead , she shows subtle nuances of expression . Most of all , Margulies reveals Alicia to us by displaying in every scene perhaps Alicia 's most sterling virtue , a quiet empathy which connects her to and draws out every other character she comes in contact with . This quality coupled with keen observation and a brilliant , analytical mind are the main attributes that allow Alicia to not only succeed as a trial attorney but to solve mysteries surrounding the cases she takes on -- allowing this series to be a fascinating combination of mystery , political , legal and relationship drama , all rolled into one . Most of all , Margulies 's talent as an actor allows the audience to understand and believe in every choice that Alicia makes , no matter how difficult , from the loyalty she displays to the unfaithful husband she obviously has loved deeply for many years , to her firm but affectionate relationship with her children , to her tactful handling of her meddling mother-in-law , to her often morally ambiguous encounters with her co-workers and her clients.The second amazing woman in this series is the ever marvelous Christine Baranski -LRB- Mamma Mia!andCybill -RRB- as Diane Lockhart , a co-partner with Alicia 's boss Will . It does not surprise me that a comic actor as phenomenal as Baranski is also an outstanding dramatic actor . Most actors seem to agree that doing comedy is so difficult that drama seems comparatively easy . In this series , Baranski 's character Diane has a complex relationship with Alicia and has plenty of juicy plot lines of her own.The third female actor whose performance I greatly admire is Archie Panjaba -LRB- the heroine 's older sister inBend It Like Beckham -RRB- , who plays the enigmatic Kalinda Sharma . Kalinda rather rapidly develops what seems to be a strong friendship with Alicia , demonstrating an amazing amount of helpfulness and loyalty to her . But Kalinda 's background and true intentions toward Alicia remain intriguingly unclear throughout the whole first season.Among the male actors , my personal favorite is the fabulously versatile Scottish actor Alan Cumming -LRB- Glitch the Scarecrow inTin Manand Nightcrawler inX-Men -RRB- . He plays Peter 's cunning political adviser , Eli Gold , and this role is the dead opposite of the odd , quirky types he 's most famous for . Eli is conservative and muted , almost benignly invisible in his presentation to the general public . But underneath he seethes with passion and is a powerful , back-room player in the world of politics . His relationship with Alicia is one of the most dynamic in the series and his role in one of the key decisions she makes at the climax of season 1 is absolutely pitch perfect . And , by the way , his American accent is perfect.I personally adore dramas that present the protagonist with moral dilemmas every week that are filled with shades of gray . This series abounds in that dynamic . I also much prefer dramas that have two clear story tracks , the protagonist 's professional life -LRB- in this series a weekly legal case for Alicia to pursue , with a frequent mystery thrown into the mix as I mentioned above -RRB- , and the protagonist 's personal life . Because of Peter 's scandal , there are plenty of juicy sinkholes for Alicia to inadvertently step into as she weaves her way through a landscape of seemingly endless people who want to use her or abuse her because of her connection to her husband . This thread in the series has allowed it to avoid falling into the aggravating pattern of so many dramatic TV series of melodramatic emphasis on the personal failings of the protagonist and her close family members in ways that often turn that protagonist from sympathetic to pathetic and annoying . I am greatly hoping this series continues to avoid that pitfall for many years to come .
 `` The Good Wife '' ranks at the very top , in the cream of the cream , of the best television series ever created . Such a strong statement needs verification . Just what makes this weekly series so powerful ? 1 . Julianne Margulies , foremost , plays the `` good wife '' in perfect pitch . The wife wronged by her successful , ambitious , attractive , but absolutely corrupt husband -LRB- the gorgeous Chris Noth -RRB- as a fallen , disreputable district attorney , you know , the kind voters love to put back into office . Then there 's the sex scandal that horribly embarrasses both his `` good wife '' and children ? What is her reaction to his scandal ? How does she cope ? 2 . Her education as an attorney , no , not just an attorney , but an insightful , resourceful , brilliant attorney , not only gets her a job quickly , but proves she deserves it .3 . Kalinda , the private investigator is the biggest mystery on the show . Just whose side is she on ? Just whom has she been intimate with ? She represents the ultimate pragmatist , the bottom-liner . She gets my vote as the most mysterious and intriguing of all the characters ! 4 . Add the mother-in-law , who is helping out while son tries to get out of jail . Viewers eventually discover that she is one of those controlling mothers who push their children onto the success track at any cost .5 . One strand involves the growing attraction between Margulies and her male boss whom she knew in college . Although not the gorgeous , virile type -LRB- like her husband -RRB- , he represents the intelligent , successful , but perpetual bachelor , one to be wary of .6 . Which also includes office politics and two more fascinating characters
 Update in late August 2010
 Margolis gives a fascinating , very sympathetic performance as a smart , accomplished woman , a more-than-competent lawyer , loving mother , accomodating daughter-in-law , and betrayed but tenuously hopeful wife . She is a model of self-restraint , self-respect , and compassion . You can not help but watch her face every second she is on the screen . Noth is the ambitious , attractive , self-indulgent , man-of-the-people politician who wants to come back home after a very public number of sexual and possibly ethical missteps have landed him in jail and alienated his family . More than that , he desperately wants to regain the trust and love of all the people he betrayed . The writing is superb ! I ca n't wait to see what will happen every Tuesday . The private investigator is indeed a riveting character
 Sometimes the stars align and a cast and crew is lucky enough to produce a season of television that is pretty much flawless . The third season of `` Friday Night Lights . '' The fifth season of `` The X-Files . '' The second season of `` Gilmore Girls . '' But normally these seasons of perfection come only after a show has slowly built itself into something great after making a few missteps.From the opening moments of its pilot to the closing seconds of the twenty-third episode of its first season , `` The Good Wife '' was flawless.Part of its elegance comes from the fact that it refuses to define itself , easily veering between lawyer procedural , family drama , conspiracy thriller and romantic drama throughout the year , often over the course of one episode . The shocking thing is that each of the above is just as well-handled as the others , and it is a delight to watch the ensemble juggle the storylines . More than that , each storyline is meticulously layered unlike any other drama of -LRB- dare I say -RRB- the past decade . Here the viewer feels mixed feelings with every new twist and turn . Like life , nothing on this show -LRB- except the main titles -RRB- is black and white and every happiness comes with a few notable reservations.The large cast is diverse and obscenely talented . Part of the joy of watching `` The Good Wife '' is watching the worlds of the shows briefly intertwine with one another and seeing characters you know well but would never expect to share the screen together feel one another out . From Archie Panjabi 's smart-but-labyrinthine investigator to Alan Cumming 's oily , brilliant publicist -LRB- the show is also notable as being first time I have n't wanted to reach through the screen and strangle Cumming -RRB- , there is n't a weak link in the bunch.And then , of course , we have Julianna Margulies in the performance of her career . No other actress can say so much while speaking so little and her fantastic , multi-layered performance already has me ranking Alicia next to Lorelai Gilmore and Buffy Summers in terms of my favorite heroines of all time.The show is a major hit for CBS , but not many of my friends are watching . Perhaps it is because , on the surface , it seems to be nothing more than another glossy procedural . What a damn shame.The fact that `` The Good Wife '' can be this consistently good in its first season is unheard of . It is the best show of the 2009-2010 season and has done in one season what most shows can not in their entire runs . And the best part ? The journey has just started .
 This is one of the best TV shows in a long time ! The scripts are very intelligently written , there are sub-plots in each episode , & they are never boring . The show is tightly-edited , the acting is well done , & you do get involved with & care about the characters . I highly recommend this show !
 How does a woman go on when she finds out her husband is a cheating with prostitutes ? Many would say she is doing it for her children or she loves him even though she will never be able to trust him again . She puts on her poker face gets a job and tries to move on , sound familiar ? Hilary Clinton comes to mind and she is referenced several times in the first season . Why do public officials wives stand by their man ? This show attempts to answer that , maybe the key lies in rearranging your priorities and focusing on oneself while trying hard not to disrupt your children 's lives.Excellent series , great cast and exceptional writing , I highly recommend this series .
 I 've watched this show since the beginning episode and love it . It 's really a joy to watch commercial free on a lazy afternoon . It brings home how great this show really is ! Will purchase the rest of the seasons too .
 I was rolling my eyes everytime the preview for this show was aired . I refused to watch it . I could n't stand the thought of a woman standing by her man like Hilary Clinton did for Bill . However , a reviewer for TV Guide who consistently gives good reviews to shows I like kept promoting it , so this summer I rented it at the video store . I am really glad I did . WOW ! The sublties the lead actress is able to portray in just a look is amazing . All that supressed rage is just there below the surface . The law show 's supporting cast is also always great to watch , too . There are a lot of favorite actors from other shows that appear on this show . Although the Good Wife is the star and the main reason I watch , the other players on the show add to the depth of the show . Alan Cummings joining the cast was a nice bonus , too . Now I 'm dying to watch season 2 before the next season airs .
 This show has one of the most captivating cast I have seen in a long time.When I heard Chris Noth and Christine Baranski were in the cast , I knew this was going to be a great show , but before it was over I was hooked . I record the show every Sunday so I can skip through the commercials . Thanks to the writers and director for creating a show that keeps you wanting more . I enjoy everyone of the cast members , they work so well together , no one seems out of place . No one should judge Alicia for taking charge of her own life and falling for Will -LRB- what a hunk -RRB- . The kids are teenagers and going in their own direction and Alicia has to make time for herself . If you have not watched this show , YOU need to calendar for this coming Sunday . I am unable to list one scene that I like more than the others , but I do enjoy the courtroom battles and always enjoy when Lockhard , Gardner come out the winner.Now I can watch the show without interuptions and on my time .
 I love to see other series , too ! I like this drama , however when I received this DVD , one of the disc was damaged ... So I asked for Amazon to replace it . I was so surprised they have great service to do it ! It was fast and clear . I 'm so happy for it .
 Solid writing and acting make this one of the best dramas on TV . A great cast makes this show sing ,
 I started watching this with Season 3 , so it was really interesting to see how it all began . I really like how Alicia has grown into her own since the beginning .
 This is a very exciting drama with strong female characters . I am sucked in !! I will definitely get the whole series
 DVD was of excellant quality , absolutely love this vendorTop notch DVD 's with great packaging !!! Happy Holidays !!! Happy New Year
 This is one of the best shows I have seen in a long time . I ca n't get enough of it .
 It was very good to watch again . We viewed the 1st season in just overa week 's time . I liked it so much that I order the second season , whichwe are watching now .
 A series for viewers looking for intelligent , adult fare . Admirably executed scripts accompanied by all round excellent acting.Portrayal of all characters is very convincing &#8230; none of the usual shallow stuff one has come to expect on most TV shows .
 I have heard over the years this was a good show but I just never thought I would really like it . Another lawyer show is what I thought . One day while looking through what T.V. shows looked good , I saw The Good Wife and thought what the heck , I will watch one episode . I have been instantly hooked ever since.The acting is so great . Each character seems to be so well thought out . Josh Charles is probably my favorite on the show . He plays Will Gardner . I can not figure out if he is a good guy or what , but I am hoping for good guy . Every actor plays their character so very well . The writing is great with serious issues and humor mixed in the right places.I look forward to the rest of season 1 and moving onto season 2 .
 Best TV series since Sopranos . Juliana Marguilies has a complex and interesting character . Love Diana -LRB- the senior partner -RRB- , especially when she snickers to herself . Despite her outward appearance -LRB- serious -RRB- , she does n't take herself too seriously . The other characters are also colorful , eg Stern . They have a great assortment of judges . Chris Noth 's character understands contrition but he 's no pushover . Very good character development in Season 1 .
 Thank you for a program that does not have a dirty language problem . I do n't have to worry if the next words may be filthy . It makes for a relaxing viewing with the family .
 The Good Wife is such a good show and I wanted to see this episode again . Ca n't wait for the new season to start .
 This is one of my favorite shows , so I was happy to receive the season so quicker . I do n't get to always watch them when they come on tv , so this gives me a chance to catch up .
 Good drama series ; nice shipping package ; arrived on time ; good condition ; would buy again
 If you liked Julianna Margulies is ER , then you 'll love her as Alicia Florrick , the wife of a disgraced State 's Attorney -LRB- played by Chris Noth from `` Sex and the City 's - `` Mr. Big '' among other movies -RRB- . She pursues her career as a State 's Attorney , partnering with Will -LRB- played by Josh Charles as the tenacious detective in `` Four Brothers '' as well as `` Little City '' with Jon Bon Jovi -RRB- ; there is chemistry between the two , which adds as a side , on-going story line as to whether they will come together or not intimately . Alicia and Will are a great team and make for a great TV program with the suspense of looking for justice ! A MUST SEE TV Program !
 Julianna Margulies is perfectly cast as the good wife , a woman whose husband done her wrong , as the old song goes , but manages to rebound from it as an attorney and mother.This is not just another courtroom drama show , thank goodness . There is plenty of domestic conflict going on with the two kids , their grandmother , a temporary assistant , and the mother 's associates and enemies.Compelling series .
 I recently caught a current-season 's episode and my curiosity raised to the desperate level of needing to know prior episodes , from the beginning . Now I 'm fixed to know how all story-lines play out . The Good Wife is well-written , superbly acted , and easy to watch again , and again -- to catch missed details .
 I am so glad I bought this series on dvd ! It is such a great , well made show ! Plus I really enjoyed watching all the progression of events from the beginning . It really was a great season and one of the best shows made in a long tme in my opinion . Love , love , loved this !!!
 This is a well-acted well written show . While understated there are various plot lines going on , thus it never becomes rote or boring .
 Since I missed most of the episodes when first aired , the DVD gave me a chance to `` catch up '' to the episodes now being aired.The DVD is of good quality , both visually and aurally .
 Were it not for the fact that certain series stand head and shoulders above the rest -LRB- eg . the Shield , Deadwood -RRB- this would almost deserve a 5 star rating . While it develops into a really compulsive show , it is not , nevertheless , in that exalted category.This is a series that starts off as just another US attorney show with a twist , but then grows and grows as the plot thickens.No need to go into details . If you like lawyer based shows , well acted and plotted , this goes somewhat beyond the standard format and becomes really absorbing . Roll on season 2 .
 I had heard so much about `` The Good Wife '' & was eagerly awaiting my order of the first season DVD . It came in 3 days -- much faster than I had expected . I love viewing it without any commercials . I would order from this vender again .
 All the characters are interesting and each episode carries an intelligent , riveting plot . I give this show a high recommendation and ca n't wait for the next season !
 Excellent series that keeps you on the edge of your seat . I can not wait for season 2 , 3 , 4 , . . 9 !
 As always , an online purchase creates a certain amount of trepidation . Will this be the order I never receive ? If it 's poor quality will I be able to easily return it ? etc. ... Not in this case . The service was super prompt and the item was 100 % new and 100 % quality . Of course , this being a DVD of a season of a TV show , there was no way to really know if I would `` like the show . '' Word of mouth stated it was a quality show and we should like it . That was true . We enjoyed the first season of the Good Wife and certainly will follow that up with the second season .
 I realize this is an incredible show , but I really have to ask why it takes them so long to issue it on CDs . They already have the show on tape . They know they ` re going to release CDs as soon as they see the ratings . Are they competely incompetent ? September ?? What kind of joke is that ?
 I 've never been much of a tv watcher but this show is excellent - got started watching in middle of 2nd season and could n't wait for each episode , even learned to use the DVR so I could record episodes and bought season 1 to catch up on what I had missed . You wo n't be disappointed in season 1 - I 'm ready to start watching it for the second time .
 I started watching Good Wife mid way through the second season . Wanted to see it from the beginning , I 'm looking forward to the next season .
 very rarely does a show this smart and on the nose come along . david e. kelly 's boston public , ally mcbeal , and the early seasons of boston legal are the only ones i can compare this drama to . it utilizes the central character of cheated-on-spouse alicia to tell all of the great stories/real-life headlines in the political world and is also able to balance the stories of family life as well.this is an absolutely smart show , but also very funny and full of suspense . 5 stars .
 This is one of the best shows out there . I love the fact that this show deals with contemporary issues and lots of moral dilemmas . It 's fascinating to watch Julianna Marguiles ' character navigate her way through the complications of life , all the while trying to stay true to her values.An edgy series that keeps you coming back for more .
 I 've been watching this series on CBS but I missed the first season and purchased the DVDs from Amazon . The good wife 's husband , the Chicago prosecutor , has been sent to prison , so the wife has to return to the practice of law in a large firm to support their children . The continuous problems of the prosecutor holds the series together while the law firm has a different story each week . The writing , stories and actors are all excellent and keep me watching . In the third season , I learned how the prosecutor wound up in prison , but I 'm not saying .
 My wife and I no longer live in the US . Where we are , you ca n't get US TV without paying a fortune for satellite TV . So , we buy series from Amazon on dvd . We 've seen multiple years of `` 24 '' , `` Six Feet Under '' , `` Medium '' , `` Mad Men '' , `` Damages '' , `` Dirty Filthy Money '' and `` Brothers & Sisters '' . Some of those have been great , some not so great . But , `` The Good Wife '' is way at the top . Great drama , with tremendous emotional and ethical action . Good acting , great plots , excellent technical staging and filming . This is as good as TV gets . A bargain .
 I had heard about this series but never actually saw an episode until recently . I really like this show and think the main character is great - = the acting is perfect and the scenarios are interesting.I only wish I did n't have to pay $ 2.99 to see them !
 The Good Wife is an excellent show . Watching it on these DVD 's is an excellent way to watch . Without commercials each of the episodes lasts a little more than 40 minutes . The show is very interesting and weaves the personal story of Alicia Florrick with her career as a lawyer and the moral and ethical questions o life through the cases that she tries in court . I would highly recommend this show .
 The primary character is a woman whose life was ruined and who like her husband , struggles to build her own life again but there 's a growing sense of realization that there may be no room for him . Her own doubts about her marriage are leading her to numerous conclusions . Her husband is no longer the right man and she is reluctant to be a part of his life again . She wants a stronger foundation . She feels more responsibility to her children than him but in a few years they 'll be gone and she will be left with him.It 's not good enough.The husband is also quite a good character . He 's a former political figure who 's been involved in his share of intrigue and contends that his conviction was unjust and the work of his enemies . They do n't want him on the political scene again and prefer him in jail . His successor has ruffled far too many feathers and people want a change in office . Once the husband wins a retrial and the second one returns a verdict of not guilty . Days later he enters the race but his former political wife is not ` there ' . The first season ends with the triumphant return of the husband to the political scene and her desire to leave him for somebody else . The husband 's political manager intercepts her lover 's communication to her which apparently brings matters to an end but he must know that he 's sitting on a bomb . During the political campaign the truth may emerge and damage the husband 's chances for public office . The aide prefers trouble later .
 This is what you call great television ! This show is smart and brilliantly written . They provide us with a good balance between the legal drama while also giving us a little insight into the life of Alicia Florrick -LRB- Julianna Margulies -RRB- Give The Good Wife a chance and I doubt you will be disappointed . Amazing television indeed .
 Very good product as advertised . Thank you . In good shape . Very good product as advertised . Thank you . In good shape .
 I have this disk . And I absolutely love it . It is soooooooo much better then I thought it would be .
 Sorry I have to catch up but I am very pleased that I can get these on my Kindle Thanks
 Excellent psychology , great nonverbals and acting , fascinating plots and construction of episodes , clever , and accurate representation of working for a law firm , as near as I can tell . Characters are fleshed out well , and believable . Buy it.You will love it too .
 I did n't start watching this series until the second season so I purchased the first season dvd and loved it ... brought me right up to date on the show , which is now my favorite show . Amazon does such a good job in getting product to you so quickly and efficiently .
 I wanted to own this TV series it was just what I wanted . When I watched it was good . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Somehow , I missed watching the first season of this series on live TV . Then , when I finally saw the dvd , I was immediately hooked . Outstanding writing . Each show both fits into the larger story arc and presents its own mini legal drama , as well . Julianna Margulies is great in the lead and is a beautiful lady , although she must be tiny , as evidenced by the height of the heels they make her wear .
 It built up our knowledge of just what had gone on in the story . We could n't stop watching it . When one episode would end we had to go right on to the next one .
 I love this show . Great acting and great writing . Anyone who loves crime fiction and is interested in law , but hates law and order because it 's too gimmicky will love this show . A lot of the cases are taken from real life and a wide range of interesting legal topics and situations are covered . This show makes me really happy when I watch it because it 's just so well made .
 She is a remarkable character . A true -LRB- character -RRB- hero . She has a lot to manage in her life and , despite the pain , she does not delay any difficult decisions .
 This is a wonderful show and the 1st season is well worth watching again . It is smartly written to showcase excellent actors . Julianna Margulies deserved the Emmy , she was robbed !
 I love this show !!! Each episode is like a little movie , and the acting is superb . Since I 'm hearing-impaired , I can replay whatever I have missed , and it works out really well . Ca n't wait for the second season to some out on dvd !
 A well presented and neatly packaged compilation of all 21 episodes of the first season of this well written , produced , directed and acted series . Finally ! , someone -LRB- s -RRB- has/have come up with the idea of presenting a network program that appeals to an adult and/or mature audience -LRB- what a great concept ! -RRB- . Thanks to those who have concieved this new addition to prime-time television.The inside of the DVD container offers mini-synopses of each episode and the DVDs themselves are loaded with special features - cast , crew and writer -LRB- s -RRB- commentaries ; deleted scenes ; actor interviews , etc. . Highly recommended viewing .
 Having never watched this series on TV , I decided to buy the box set . Great , entertaining series . Much better without adverts distracting you every five minutes . Acting is great and characters are likable and real . Definitely worth the money .
 What started off seeming like a feminist cliche , developed into a very compelling , layered and well-rounded story . If you can get past the shows slightly rocky beginning , great rewards lie ahead ! High praise for `` The Good Wife '' is fully merited , and I 'd give the show 5 stars if I had n't foolishly written my original interview after having only watched the first 5 episodes -LRB- with which I was not greatly impressed -RRB- . Not long after that however I did start becoming intrigued by the show . The actors suddenly `` became '' the characters , the plot thickened very effectively and the story suddenly began to show a great deal of depth and breadth - in effect , it found its groove -LRB- I remember similar experience with `` The Wire '' which also started off weakly - though perhaps had fewer weak initial shows -RRB- . In every episode of `` The Good Wife '' you get both an individual case for the episode along with the continuing story saga of Alicia and her husband -LRB- and family -RRB- . While I was n't convinced by the saga part of the story initially -LRB- not to mention some of the episode cases -RRB- , the quality of both the episode cases AND the family saga started to become a lot more interesting as the season evolves , as if the show had gotten new writers or as if the old ones had started giving their audiences more credit . The saga element while weak in the beginning starts gaining prominence as the show continues and the characters round out into more interesting individuals as the stories themselves become better.I 'd fully recommend `` The Good Wife '' to anyone who likes courtroom drama and a continuing cliffhanger saga laced with politics , law , the ironies of destiny and forbidden love ! Having finished the first season at this point I am looking forward to season 2 .
 To fully appreciate `` The Good Wife , '' the first three episodes must be seen . They clarify the subtlety of the series and the restrained approach of the lead actress . The restraint is so taut , that another character , Kalinda , almost takes over the show - she is feisty . Arguably , this is one of the great series in TV history . You can compare it to the first two seasons of the great `` Hill Street Blues '' to see its glimpse approach to show everything . For example , a winning statement in a trial ends coverage of the trial . You know who won , so the show moves on.If you take TV seriously and its evolution -LRB- e.g. male sexuality is treated very straightforwardly at times -RRB- , then this show is for you .
 Great show and the video streaming is qualityGreat show and the video streaming is qualityGreat show and the video streaming is quality
 It just shows what real politics is all about . I watch it if there is nothing else on TV at the time .
 Since Blade Runner I have been a huge fan of Ridley Scott . He has given me so much joy though a screen I do n't have the words . So here is a TV show produced by the man . I 'm not shocked I love this show but like always I am delighted . I 'm not going to spoil anything but the characters are complex and feel real . the stories are complex and beautifully told . I do n't know what to say but I like this more than Law and Order and I love Law and Order .
 Love julianna !! this is a great show . . great cast . . and it just gets more interesting as you go . . motivational at times reminds you whatever your going thru keep your head held high !! the only thing i dont like is `` BIG '' FROM SEX N THE CITY plays her husband . . im not a fan , he drives me nuts . .
 If you think you may have a problem with alcoholism - then you would relate to this movie . It is a tragedy - and a drama - and one of the best films about drinking that one could ever see . Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are unbelievable ! Fantastic , Fantastic , Fantastic .
 This item was for a gift and I have n't heard back from the recipient . It came quickly and looked good .
 eventhough the film is dated , the subject of the film is as strong today as it was when it was first made . jack lemmon and lee remick are brilliant as the husband and wife alcoholics .
 This is one of the classics that carries a message that could be timeless to so many . Parts are over acted but the love shared is certainly worth the watch .
 This tape is in great shape ... I will use it for my big group . I am a certified drug counselor and this is a great subject . Plus , no one does this great amount of acting in the movies anymore ...
 `` Days of Wine and Roses '' is a powerful film about alcoholism . I believe that Jack Lemmon was very convincing in the lead part . Lee Remick gives a scary , believable performance of Lemmon 's wife . A good supporting performance is turned in by the veteran actor , Charles Bickford , as Remick 's father.Although the film is a serious drama about alcoholism , there are several funny scenes in the film . The director was Blake Edwards who knew how to deftly balance drama and comedy.The music is provided by Henry Mancini . Who can forget the haunting theme song ? I highly recommend this movie !!
 I just watched the DVD ... I had remembered how great the movie was , and it was nice to see it with commentary from the director ! Thank you so much !!!
 Had not seen this film in probably 40 years . Jack Lemon and Lee Remick give sterling performances . It is perfectly cast and Mancini 's music score is beautiful . The film does a wonderful job of presenting the `` drinking/cocktail culture '' of the early post WWII era and how many people `` at risk '' for alcoholism became drunks and how their lives deteroiated and how , in some instances , with only AA as the chief means of assistance for sobriety , found their way out to effectively deal with their alcoholism . I do n't want to say more for it will spoil the plot for those who have never see the film It 's excellent ! The product was delivered promptly in factory condition .
 A film worth watching , but one you 'll probably only want to watch once because it can be so painful . For us younger types you 'll see this movie has had an influence on many films and cable programs of the past several years in many ways , but not in terms of its ultimate outcome . This movie does n't try to secretly seduce you off the path , there is no secret line you can walk to be sophisticatedly addicted . No wink wink nods of trying to glorify the same bad habits that some shows obstensibly are trying to portray in a negative light , no late night cigarette drag examining life through marketing spin and glossy self delusion . I do n't know for example if the people behind AMC 's Madmen really want to portray things as bleak as this movie ultimately does , but even if they did the studios would ultimately steer them in a different direction to make things more pallatable and to keep those boxed-sets moving off the store shelves .
 Do n't expect a happy ending , this is a story about alcoholics . Lee Remick was a beautiful woman , I would have liked to have seen more of her .
 `` They are not long , the days of wine and roses . Out of a mysic dream , our path emerges for awhile -- then encloses within a dream ... `` No movie had ever gotten to my sensitive side like E.T. did when I was a kid . Then I saw this film which remains my number one favorite movie of all time . The tragic story stayed on my mind for days , as well as the characters , and the haunting title song . It got me a tad bit melancholic just to watch a normal couple 's harrowing plunge into the dependency of alcohol . Jack Lemmon is also my favorite actor , because of his horrendous yet honest and poignant portrayal of a man who virtually loses everything to the bottle . The scene in the greenhouse is especially dramatic .
 This film is more horrifying than self-conscious thrillers , as it will come very close to home to middle class Americans . The pernicious effects of alcoholism on family , career and life are depicted here . Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are remarkable , and their descent from sweet courtship to alcoholic codependency is terrifying .
 It 's an excellent film , though I did find it a bit too self-consciously preachy at times , which I found took me out of the dramatic moment from time to time . This preachiness is somewhat amplified by being presented in the person of Jack Klugman , playing a recovering alcoholic . I have a great deal of respect for Klugman as an actor , but to me , his line deliveries do have a tendency to sound a bit strident and overly-intense to begin with -- even as Oscar Madison in Neil Simon 's ` The Odd Couple ' ! -- so the already-preachy tone of some of the dialogue , placed into his mouth make the film almost seem to stop at points while a public service announcement is played out . This nitpick however , can not diminish the overall dramatic power of the film , or its value in helping people to understand something of the tragedy of alcoholism.The Director 's Commentary track by Blake Edwards was really quite disappointing . Edwards freely admits to not having even watched the film since it was first made , so instead of being able to provide insightful commentary as the film proceeds , he frequently admits to -LRB- and apologizes for -RRB- , long stretches of his own silence as he 's swept up in the drama as an audience member . There is , however , about 8 minutes in , an interesting anecdote about a conversation he had with Jack Lemmon during shooting about their own drinking habits .
 My father was a WWII Vet who suffered from PTSD , but never received help for it . He was n't the Alcoholic , but he could , for no apparent reason become Violent . My mother was the Alcoholic , and she eventually died from the effects . My mom 's father/my grandfather was my early in life salvation . He died when I was 17 . My mom and dad divorced very shortly afterwards . Due to my mom 's drinking he left his share of the home in my name which in turn made me the Head-of-the-Household and thus forced me to assume responsibilities that went along with that heading rather than exploring my own goals and desires . This feeling was imposed on me by my mom 's mom , who was a controlling and enabling person . Over the years she sent my mom off to various treatment centers that would work for awhile . However the two of them had a love/hate relationship that always ended up with my mom 's drinking again . I saw `` Days of Wine and Roses '' when it was first released and it still to this day lives within me . I felt hopeless to be able to do anything to get my mom to stop drinking and asked her to go see the movie . She did , and she was drunk before she got home from her viewing of it . After I had two failed marriages a woman friend of mine who worked in Family Services strongly suggested I consider joining ACOA , or Adult Children of Alcoholics . Very soon it will be 24 years since I 've done so , and while I 've done lots of work -LRB- it 's like peeling through the layers of an Onion -RRB- I still discover some issues from time to time . Just like other 12 Step Programs were focus on the 12 Steps , Serenity Prayer , and Promises . I 'd like to encourage one and all of you to strongly consider this program if you feel that my comments Mirror your life .
 I am an alcoholic and watch this movie once a year . It has such a huge impact on me that I bought this copy for a friend of mine -LRB- young friend -RRB- and hope that it will help her through her tough times as well . Such strong and dynamic acting . This is a movie that can stand alone among many .
 If this movie does n't rip your heart out you 're probably made of stone . Lemmon and Remick are great as lovers in the tragic grip of alcoholism . As great to watch the twelvth time as the first .
 Shortly aftert I saw this movie in 1973 I understood what was really wrong with me . My life made a significant turn in early 1974 and I have not looked back . This could change your life as well and if not it is still a very good movie .
 Yeah-I know he did n't win . Yet after seeing the movie when I was only 12 and then several times more as I grew up , it still remains a mystery why he did not win the Oscar . All the reviews I have read are great , however everyone seems to forget the truly best scene . Jack breaks into a liquor store and gets caught by the owner . As he lies on the floor the owner says , `` I did n't know you needed a drink that bad Pal ! '' and starts to pour booze from a bottle held suspended over Jack 's prostate form . Jack tries to suck it down as the booze flows all over his face . I had seen that same look on my Dad 's face , so I guess that 's why it sticks . After seeing the movie the first time I got `` scared straight '' . I never even started drinking . The last scene has Jack 's wife visiting him in his small apartment . He had been booze free for a while and starting to put his single `` Dad '' life back together . His wife had forced herself to be sober just so she could talk to him . You can feel how deeply this man loves her . She leaves after admitting she has to drink because the World seems so dirty when she is sober and Jack is at the door staring after her and you see the reflection of a blinking BAR light flashing in the glass door . Scary stuff for 1962 . It leaves you with the feeling of `` will he or wo n't he '' . When I was a Psych Nurse I would sometimes sneak this movie on to the unit . I would show it during group sessions . I was shocked by how many younger people claimed to think Jack Lemmon was only a comedian . Most of them -LRB- suffering from addictions -RRB- were very moved by the film .
 I watched this movie because I love Jack Lemmon . Mostly I like his comedies , like The Odd Couple and Some Like it Hot . Although this was n't a comedy , I still enjoyed every bit of it for its brilliant acting and powerful message to alcoholics everywhere.Joe Clay can not stop drinking , and meets a girl who becomes an alcoholic too . Joe finally destroys his father-in-law 's flower garden just trying to find his hidden booze , and ends up in AA , the leader of which is played by Jack Klugman -LRB- another of my favorite actors -RRB- . His wife is unwilling to attend the meetings , and thus , never recovers.This is a wonderful movie that should inspire any alcoholics out there to never take another drink . It is also really well acted .
 An excellent movie depiction of what a believed good life style and good time , riding high on booze , can bring to everyone involved , not just the couple .
 Joe Clay -LRB- Jack Lemmon -RRB- is an up-and-coming Public Relations agent in the era of the three-martini lunch and `` drinks with the boys '' following the workday . While providing a client with , literally , a boatload of girls , Joe meets receptionist Kirsten Arnesen -LRB- Lee Remick -RRB- , a good girl from a stable country upbringing.Joe introduces Kirsten to alcohol in the form of a Brandy Alexander , and before long the two fall in love and marry . Joe provides a good living for his wife and new baby daughter , but becomes depressed from the quiet family life and a baby that takes up all of his wife 's attention . In a truly gut-wrenching scene , Joe berates and completely degrades Kirsten for not being any fun anymore , throwing a temper tantrum while drunk and demanding that she stop nursing her own baby -LRB- mammary envy -RRB- because its going to ruin her shape . A very poignant and heart braking scene.Kirsten is deeply in love with Joe , and concedes to his demands to `` loosen up a little and be fun again '' , which means having a couple of drinks with him . It is n't long before Kirsten is drinking all the time , and very common of women in the early sixties , Kirsten starts smoking -LRB- probably to help lose weight , though this is n't mentioned beyond Joe 's comment about her shape -RRB- . Joe 's career slides as his drinking increases , causing him to be late for work and upsetting his clients . His company assigns him to a lower-level client in far away Houston . While Joe tries to do his job there , Kirsten sets their apartment on fire from drinking and smoking . Joe is fired , and not long afterward Joe has an epiphany . He is a bum , and his wife is a bum , and they need to stop drinking.Kirsten 's father takes the struggling couple into his home where he runs a nursery . After a couple of months sober , Joe and Kirsten fall off the wagon together in a riotous binge in their room . A second very poignant incident follows where Joe trashes his father-in-law 's nursery looking for the bottle he hid . This scene may seem overdone at first , but just tune into one episode of ` Cops ' and you will see how well Jack Lemmon played this scene.This time , Joe winds out in the hospital going through some overblown withdrawal symptoms , and it is here he meets Jim Hungerford -LRB- Jack Klugman -RRB- from Alcoholics Anonymous . Once in AA , Joe tries to fight his disease , while Kirsten remains in absolute denial of being an alcoholic . You must remember that this movie was made in 1962 , and there was quite a stigma attached to being an alcoholic , the 60 's version of a scarlet letter.There is no happily-ever-after in this movie . Though made in 1962 , it is still the best of the ` alcoholic ' movies ever made . ` Leaving Las Vegas ' certainly portrayed a down-and-out alcoholic , but the character Ben from that modern portrayal wanted to die . ` Days Of Wine And Roses ' is the story of two people 's struggle against alcoholism , not their submission to it.There is nothing outdated about this movie except the fashion ; times change , behaviors do n't . Kirsten 's confession that she `` just wants things to look prettier than they are '' rings so true to addiction in any form or from any era . This movie is about people and the disease , not the time-period , so it stands up to any of the modern day addiction stories . ` Days Of Wine And Roses ' is a true classic , a timeless piece that is both sad and entertaining . Take a quick note of the fact that in Joe and Kirsten 's first apartment , the bar was right outside the baby 's room . I thought that was a bit ironic.If you love addiction movies , modern pieces like ` Leaving Las Vegas ' , ` Requiem For A Dream ' , ` Spun ' , or ` Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas ' , you will love ` Days Of Wine And Roses ' . Enjoy !
 The late Jack Lemmon is likely to be remembered by most moviegoers for his memorable comic presence in classics like `` Some Like It Hot '' and the `` Odd Couple '' , but anyone who ever doubted his capacity for dramatic acting should screen `` Days Of Wine And Roses '' . This shattering 1962 Blake Edwards drama was shockingly realistic for its time -LRB- apparently prompting opening-week `` walkouts '' by many Lemmon fans expecting another `` funny '' role -RRB- . The film still packs quite a wallop in its depiction of an alcoholic couple and thier hellish descent . Lee Remick , forever underrated , -LRB- undoubtedly due to her luminous beauty -RRB- delivers another of her brainy , mature performances . Everyone mentions the `` greenhouse scene '' , but I feel the most intense moment comes in the `` padded room '' scene , with a sweating , screaming , strait-jacketed Lemmon writhing in `` withdrawal '' . Call it `` sense memory '' , `` method '' or whatever , but to this day it remains one of the the most `` naked '' scenes of an actor totally `` in the moment '' ever captured on film . A great American film , and a classic Henry Mancini score to boot .
 I was never really interested in drinking alcohol and after catching `` Days of Wine and Roses '' on late night television I knew I was never going to drink , never get drunk , and never end up like the character of Joe Clay , played by the late Jack Lemmon . Joe is in public relations and can not have a good time unless he is drinking . He meets up with Kirsten Arnesen -LRB- Lee Remick -RRB- , and informed she does not drink but loves chocolate , he orders her a Brandy Alexander . Joe and Kirsten marry , although her father Ellis Arnesen -LRB- Charles Bickford -RRB- , is not sure he approves . Joe 's alcoholism finally costs him his job and by then Kirsten is boozing just as much . In one of the most ghastly scenes in movie history , Joe destroys the Arnesen greenhouse , looking for the bottles of booze he has buried with one of the plants . With the help of A.A. Counselor Jim Hungerford -LRB- Jack Klugman -RRB- , Joe finally starts to get his life together . But Kirsten can not do the same , even for the sake of their daughter Debbie.With Lemmon 's death a lot of his old movies are suddenly popping up on cable television . I watched `` Days of Wine and Roses '' again last night and it is every bit as powerful and as horrific as I remember . No other film has made the life of an alcoholic look so hopeless , not `` Leaving Last Vegas '' and certainly not `` Lost Weekend . '' Lemmon and Remick were both nominated for Oscars for their performances , while Henry Mancini 's title song won the Academy Award . Charles Bickford repeated the role he originated in the `` Playhouse 90 '' version aired in 1958 , which was directed by James Frankenheimer . Blake Edwards directed this 1962 movie because the studio told Frankenheimer he could not direct a comedy like this film . Both scripts were written by J. P. Miller . Bottom line
 `` Days of Wine and Roses '' might be one of the least pleasant movies you will ever watch . But one of the main reasons to watch this wonderful film is the great interaction between Boston natives Jack Lemmon and the late Lee Remick . Lemmon plays busy-body Joe Clay , a very agreeable man who ends acquiring a decidedly UNagreeable habit while pressing flesh with business peers -- alcoholism . Joe finds time to court pretty Kirsten -LRB- Remick -RRB- , and she finds herself trying to keep up with Joe and his crazy nightlife . In the span of a couple of months , Kirsten is herself caught in a maze of booze and sleepless nights.Soon , the happy couple are both victimized by their addiction to drink , but are slow to realize it . Slowly , painfully , each scene of their lives is shown to revolve around the bottle ; even their time alone is marred by a bottle of champagne.Joe is the first to hit rock bottom . He finds assistance and solace by a member of Alcoholics Anonymous -LRB- Jack Klugman -RRB- . Joe sets his sites on getting his wife free of the disease , but finds it will not be easy.The scenes of Joe going through his final binge are scary indeed . The second half of the film is quite different from the first in mood . It is not pretty to watch such self-destruction , and director Blake Edwards -LRB- known for producing much lighter , screwier fare in the late 70 's and early 80 's -RRB- makes his audience feel the pain deeply ; he succeeds to the point that we , the audience , can sense some urgency in Edwards ' emphasis.There is a tendency for too much preachiness in a story of this magnitude . However , Edwards does a good job in maintaining the plot line , letting IT tell the story . Klugman is a great supporting actor in this film . It 's his performance in the second half that gives this film a better than average rating , as the voice of conscience to Joe Clay , setting the stage for the final , inevitable reality .
 This early depiction of alcoholism was also among the first to present its sufferers as real people with souls and some dignity , and it remains a timeless and relevant film . Ingeniously , this film not only is about alcoholism , it is also about recovery , and that both are told earns the film classic status . The film 's leads , Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick -LRB- sadly , neither of whom is with us anymore -RRB- , got Best Acting Oscar nominations , Lemmon for his frightening depiction of one man 's descent to hell but who , leaning heavily on AA philosophy , earns his recovery . As Lemmon 's screen wife , Remick is her husband 's antithesis , and her final scene leaves us with no hope for her character . Though firmly on the path toward sobriety , Lemmon 's character nonetheless injects the warning that even the rosebed of recovery has its thorns . Just as the film 's subject remains pertinent , so does Henry Mancini 's haunting musicial score . A spate of drug and recovery films have come out through the years since `` Days of Wine and Roses , '' but none have equalled the film 's painful honesty and realistic depiction of addiction and recovery .
 The Hollywood depiction of the corrosive effects of alcoholism has rarely been so stark as that in DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES . More recent efforts like LEAVING LAS VEGAS suggest that alcoholism is but one offramp on the highway of self-destruction . Director Blake Edwards presents a tale that begins in middle-class happiness , then winds down to the sodden depths of the perversion of Corporate Suburban America , before finishing with the brutal truth that the ability of an alcoholic to free himself from this disease is a function of his inner strength that can only be nurtured , not forced , by Alcoholics Anonymous.Jack Lemmon is Joe Clay , a man on the rise in his corporate culture . He is a public relations executive , a job that today we would call a spin control mechanic . He makes the good image of a company better while trying to downplay the downside . This image of altered reality forms a subtext which becomes evident when Joe and his fiancee -LRB- Lee Remeck -RRB- are having dinner with her father -LRB- Charles Bickford -RRB- , who is trying to understand exactly what his daughter 's boyfriend does for a living . Joe hems and haws but admits to enhancing the positive aspects of his corporate clients . But the father persists and asks what about any harmful sides to that image . Joe weakly adds that he would then gloss over the downside while always bringing the positive to bear . It is this altering of reality that allows Joe , then later his wife , to get caught up in the freewheeling culture of a drug abuse that has now morphed in one of cocaine . The lure of Wine and Roses is neither absolute nor irresistable . The film makes it clear early on that much time and dissolution is needed to become entangled . One does not take a sip one day to become ensnared the next . Joe Clay makes the crossover from social drinker to hard drinker so gradually that neither he nor his wife are aware until the evidence is so blatant that both recognize the dangers , but still feel the need to explain away these dangers as inconsequential . First Joe falls in , then soon enough his wife . The scenes of Joe 's going hysterically mad in his father-in-law 's greenhouse and in the county asylum are harrowing in their intensity . Joe has cracked , and it takes the arrival of an AA counselor -LRB- Jack Klugman -RRB- to place Joe on the right path . But the path to sobriety has many false turns , and Joe has yet to hit rock bottom . The contrapuntal scenes of Lee Remick 's own descent in the corked maelstrom are more subdued but not the less miserable . Joe has hit rock bottom and the harsh truth is that he can not help his wife until he first learns to help himself . By the closing credits , she has yet to learn this most bitter of lessons.DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is one of the landmarks of Hollywood in that it takes a no punches withheld look at a subject that many Americans have heard about but perhaps have not seen the consequences that result when the social drinker uncorks that bottle even when alone . Lemmon and Remick are simply outstanding as a couple in which one of them learns this lesson even if the other does not .
 DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is basically a story of two genuinely good people who fall in love and into the abyss of alcoholism . One escapes and the other can not . This film is a sad but realistically true statement on the pitfalls of alcoholism and addiction in general . Parents and children of those addicted are the victims as well . Jack Lemmon , Lee Remick and Jack Klugman all give excellent performances . However , Charles Bickford gives the most vivid performance as Remick 's father . He remains cold and detached to her addiction until he breaks down and the audience breaks down with him . The film 's ending of Jack Lemmon peering through the window is a devastating statement on the effects and the reality that once you enter the world of alcohol you may never return . This is an unusually sensitive treatment than we are used to from Director Blake Edwards . Thanks to J.P. Miller 's script , an exceptional cast , Philip H. Lathrop 's cinematography and Henry Mancini 's score Edward 's constructed a very important film yet one hard to watch .
 `` Days of Wines and Roses '' is head and shoulders above any other movies about alcoholism for many reasons , most of which can be summed up in the word `` multidimensional '' . Instead of showing a snapshot in the life of an alcoholic , like `` Lost Weekend '' , for example , `` Days of Wines and Roses '' follows the entire descent of not one , but two characters , into the depths of addiction . The interplay between man and woman and the progress of their relationship allows for the depiction of many aspects of alcoholism
 Hollywood has flubbed it over the years , but this movie hits this topic square on the head . Featuring Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick in one of their earlier roles , this a powerfully told tale of the rise and sure fall of a couple who fall in love with one another and then make another marriage with alcohol . The symptoms are all there , as are all the excuses . Jack Klugman has a minor role as the friend who wants to get Lemmon into an AA meeting -LRB- back when this was just starting to become accepted . -RRB- There are the typical signs of trying to stop drinking , and then the baby arrives , and then the sneaking of the drinks , and everything that goes into the rapid fall into oblivious and depression.Yes , this is a relatively depressing movie , but its ending only offers a mere hope that Lemmon , who has finally rejected his wife for his own sobriety , ... he might make it if he continues to discipline his mind and continue with his program.It is a sad film but one which is incredibly relevant . I would 've liked it if Remick had stuck it out and made a go of the marriage , but she wanted the threesome - herself , her husband and the bottle . Maybe the baby , but her baby was the bottle . Highly recommended , and again a film which could be considered family fare , as there was no profanity , sex , or violence , but an incredibly powerful message . A message in a bottle , as they say , but still as provocative as it was when it was first made . A Great Film !!!
 I was drawn to watch this film because the theme , written by Henry Mancini has since become a Jazz standard . I first heard it performed by the organist Mel Rhyne at a Jazz club in NYC , took to it right away , then went out and learned how to play it , and it has been a regular number in my book with my organ trio . - - When I found out that it actually came from a movie , it drew my curiosity , but when I found out the theme of the movie , I held off a bit.There is no doubt this is a terribly depressing film with a sense of emotional/interpersonal realism that you almost would n't expect in a Hollywood film of this era - - The only film that comes close to it perhaps is `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf '' . The golden rule of Hollywood films afterall is , `` And they all lived happily ever after , '' however , the film cuts no corners in portraying not only the disease of alcoholism , but its complex dynamics within human relationships as the characters in this film eventually transform from lovers to drinking partners who 's relationship is the bottle itself . As the film progresses -LRB- without giving too much away -RRB- they will have to choose between becoming sober yet losing one another or staying drunk and in love - - both believing that perhaps they can go back to the days of wine and roses ... when they were drunk ... yet happy , but of course , this is a mere fantasy that the characters are forced to reckon with.Jack Klugman plays a brilliant AA sponsor - - Lemmon 's acting is powerful , convicing - - at times comedic , and at other times deeply disturbing . - - If you get it , be sure to have something funny and bright to put in the VCR afterwords ... the biting realism of the film does not redeem the viewer with any cinematic devices to ensure that `` good feeling '' most movies try to leave us with ... in the end you 'll pretty much feel as sick , hung over and tormented as the characters ... however , you will realize that you have just experienced one of the greatest films of its its era and genre !
 First of all , let me say that this is a great movie . If you 're one of the millions who sometimes feel that you are teetering on the edge of alcohol addiction , give this film a watch . Albeit there are many unspoken parts of the movie such as how the couple seems to go quickly from bad to worse without a lot of back story , the tale it tells is one that I felt was genuine and heartfelt . It does n't even breach with the fact that many alcohol abusers do n't get `` happy '' when their drunk ; but , instead , become downright belligerent . The couple in Days of Wine and Roses truly loved and cared about each other deeply and it was heart wrenching that alcohol had come between them . Of course , the music is beautiful ... I am a musician and I will never play The Days of Wine and Roses , a beautiful melody by Henri Mancini , quite the same after seeing this movie .
 This is a film about alcoholism . It is not a lecture with graphs and mug shots , it is a love story - about alcoholism . I 'm not being clever
 I saw this movie years ago ; I remembered it was very sad but also very true especially these days when so many people suffer from addiction of some sort ; although it was sad it had such fun scenes ; Lee Remick died so very young and was one of my very favorite actresses ; Jack Lemmon as we all know was a `` legend '' and few actors can play some of the roles in his pictures ; Charles Bickford is a fantastic actor and did such a great job playing `` the Dad '' ! It is a keeper and we will watch it again.Also , the music is fabulous ; Naturally with Henry Mancini on board ; just another example of how great the 50s and 60s movies were ; just ca n't compare them to the junk -LRB- forgive me ! -RRB- that is out there for people to watch . This is a very touching movie and I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys an excellent drama .
 Days of Wine and Roses is a moving story of two people who descend into the hell of alcoholism . This theme has been told before in many movies , but Jack Lemon and Lee Remick are a great acting duo ; and , they pull off many engrossing scenes.The ending is not your happy Hollywood ending , which makes this movie even more realistic . It may be difficult to watch some scenes , but you will watch the movie to the end .
 This is a fantastic movie . Am very happy with the quality of the film and higly recommend this product . Have not been disappointed with anything I have bought from Amazon .
 Great movie and very daring for the day . Still holds true , once an alcoholic always an alcoholic . Not everyone gets well . You have to want it and do it one day at a time .
 This is one of the best films to discuss and age old disease . Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are superb ! Well worth the time !
 I was deeply touched by this movie . As a recovering alcoholic , I could identify with everthing this couple went through . Jack Lemon and Leigh Remick gave stellar performances and I feel that Lemon should have won the academy award for his performance .
 Until The Days of Wine and Roses , Jack Lemmon was known by moviegoers as one of the great comic actors creating three of the greatest movie comedies of the late 50 's and early 60 's - Mister Roberts , Some Like it Hot and The Apartment . Director Blake Edwards was known for his brilliant comedies including Operation Petticoat and Breakfast at Tiffany 's . But when the two got together it was pure drama . Add to this , Lee Remick in her first mainstream starring role.The Days of Wine and Roses was one of the first films to take on social alcoholism . Joe Clay is an up and coming public relations man in the early 60 's when public relations meant getting party girls and drinking the client under the table . At one of these events he meets the straight laced Kirsten . He offends her by assuming she was one of the party girls . But there is something about him that she finds disarming.Soon they are married and she is pulled into his world of social drinking . But it is worse for her because this was the era of stay at home mother . So she has no outlet and becomes dependant on alcohol to fill her drab day.They both hit rock bottom . This scene is very scary . But it shows that not only do you have to hit rock bottom but also be ready to start climbing back up . -LRB- By the way , when you think they hit rock bottom is not rock bottom ! They still have far to go ! -RRB- Until this film , most films on alcoholism are about one alcoholic and the girlfriend or spouse that try to save them . This film is more realistic than any before as both main characters slide into the abyss and only have themselves to get out.Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are both stunning and deserved their Oscar nominations . This was a turning point in both careers . Lemmon would easily slip from comedy to drama the rest of his career . While Remick would scorch both the big and little screen until her untimely death.Also , this would be Edward 's crowning achievement . He would create great comedies in the future but would never find another drama to surpass this.And let 's not forget Henry Mancini and Johnny Mercer 's Oscar winning song .
 Cousin Larry and I saw this blueprint of how not to live . Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick become alcoholics and separate after having a child . Lemmon sobers up . Remick does not . I had a drinking problem in my 20s . I should have given this film more thought . Lemmon was a great actor , the average businessman struggling to make it in the city , funny and tragic at the same time . The title was taken from a poem by Ernest Dowson . `` Vitae Summa Brevis '' laments the brevity of life
 My wife bought it . She says it 's `` the bees knees '' whatever that means . It must have come in a timely manner , and in new condition , or esle I would have heard some grumbling . I think `` the bees knees '' is like saying the dog 's wag or the cats swish , or the frog 's pond or some such .
 What I like about this movie is the honesty about addiction . It is very much like portrayed in this movie . And yes , woman do go down quicker . And AA does n't work as well for woman . Bill W. did n't want woman in the fellowship and the bias is evident in the Big Book -LRB- the nickname for their manifesto -RRB- . It 's heartbreaking to see Lee Remick walking the street alone in the dark leaving her husband and child . AA needs to treat woman better than they do instead of the `` tough love '' that is given .
 Everybody keeps saying how realistic this movie is but its not . The scene in the nursery is very overblown and melodramatic . I 've never seen anyone act like that . And you dont wind up in a mental ward in a straight jacket just from drinking . This movie is really just an AA commercial presenting a stereotypical view of the progression of an alcoholics life . However the acting is great and its very well done as a movie . Its very dramatic and interesting although it can be a little depressing as one reviewer observed . By the way `` Leaving Las Vegas '' is not really about alcoholism its more of a love story . And I think `` The Lost Weekend '' is much more realistic than `` Days of Wine and Roses '' even though its much older . The brutality of this movie does not make it more realistic it makes it less realistic . Scenes are exaggerated for dramatic purpose . Since a movie should not be judged by its realism as most unrealistic movies are the best Im giving it 5 stars .
 I 'm in my 20s and I love classic movies , I love Jack Lemmon , and I 'm increasingly becoming a Billy Wilder fan . I 've seen this one , Breakfast at Tiffany 's , Irma La Duce , The Apartment , The Pink Panther , Double Indemnity , Sunset Blvd , and a couple others . So for me , Days of Wine and Roses was a twofer . This was a well-told , well-directed , well-acted film . I watched it on TCM and got a bit of the background of the story from Robert O. I went in with expectations and I was not disappointed . Without going into the plot really , watching the transformations of Lemmon/Remick 's characters into alcoholic ` bums ' -LRB- as Lemmon called them -RRB- , was quite powerful . By the end of the movie , I was happy for Lemmon 's character -LRB- he goes to AA and has been sober for a year -RRB- , but his wife , who he introduced to social drinking has not climbed out of the pit . Lee Remick was great at the end appearing to want to change , but not wanting to see how `` dirty '' the world really was . It was really pitiful . When she left at the end , I felt Lemmon 's character 's pain bc his eyes sort of had hope that she would get sober , but at the same time , felt just as strongly that she was lost forever . For a set of actors to be able to convey conflicting emotions w/such ease in one scene is quite rare these days , so while it was painful , as a movie viewer , it was a joy to watch .
 This is a very realistic movie . I counsel those with substance abuse problems and it is apparent this movie was influenced by a person that is familiar with recovery from substance abuse problems .
 Days of Wine and Roses , What can one say ? A superb Movie , deserved of the 5 Academy Award Nominations it recieved.An Oscar for Best Actor -LRB- Jack Lemon -RRB- Best Actress -LRB- Lee Remick -RRB- And Best Screen Play would have been most appropriate for these Superb Artists in fhis theatrical Masterpiece.This Movie is a Prime example of how great Movies used to be .
 Older movies like this one often reflect the culture of the time and place where they were filmed . Days of Wine and Roses is thus an interesting view of 1960s American culture as well as an honest look at alcoholism .
 jack lemmon and lee remick play the parts of two alcoholics with everything to lose and thats just what happens as they spiral downward to self destruction and full blown alcoholism and when they finally do hit bottom one takes a chance at recovery and the other ... being a recovering alcoholic i found this movie a really down to the point and at times pretty ugly truth of what alcohol can do to a person.i believe that everyone -LRB- alcoholic or not -RRB- would gain a whole new perspective of things after seeing this movie.being an old movie just makes it even more powerful because one can see that almost 50 years later alcohol is just as destructive as it ever was and the problem of alcoholism is just as strong as ever.highly recommended wonderful film and a great achievement in film making .
 If you 're looking for a pick-me-up movie -- or even a film with a feel-good resolution -- then by all means pass by DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES . The timeless story about a couple floating in a sea of booze , as their lives subsequently unravel , is harsh and bitter ; in a word , sobering . Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick play Joe and Kirsten Clay , an up and coming couple about to pursue the American Dream . Except Joe ca n't resist those company martini lunches and after-hours excursions ; soon he 's convinced Kirsten to join him , and before long the alcohol has taken center stage in their lives -- with both in denial there 's a problem . As the couple becomes more dysfunctional , as their lives spin further out of control , Joe realizes they need help ; he even climbs on the wagon a time or two , always to fall off at Kirsten 's urging . As the film concludes , Joe realizes he must make a choice -- Kirsten , or sobriety . His decision is , again , in a word , sobering.Lemmon and Remick give excellent performances as the besotted couple , yet had the gushy melodrama been dialed down a notch the story would have been so much more believable . For example , Joe not only gets drunk -- he gets maniacally out of control to the point of violent destruction . I realize the film 's premise is to establish the horrific byproducts of alcoholism , yet the over-the-top antics fall well short of believable -LRB- Which certainly does n't make DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES unique ; all films during this era were guilty of offering excessive doses of contrived melodrama . -RRB- . Despite such purple-ish production DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is a powerful and riveting attention-getter . For a more contemporary , albeit even more somber , portrayal of alcoholism , Leaving Las Vegasis also recommended.D . Mikels , Author , The Reckoning
 I enjoyed the movie , it is a great tool to look at the progreession of alcoholism and how it impacts everyone
 Jack Lemmon 's character in this film used this phrase
 An awesome movie for anybody to watch to see what alcohol can do . Much worse than tobacco use . But makes lots of money for the system . I reccommend fully to watch .
 I 've already had this movieiTunes version.This item mentioned in this page ... Color !! So I choose this.Great Movie . Great Jack Lemmon -LRB- I miss him so much !! -RRB- but ... not COLOR .
 This is a classic film in b & w with superb acting . It is the only film that I am aware of that accurately depicts the life of an alcoholic and should be a must see for anyone who drinks . When I first saw it as a teenager , it was just another movie but as I got older , I never forgot it . It is so realistic .
 A downbeat love story pickled in bile and booze , this melodrama of addiction by the great Blake Edwards skirts the same terrain as `` Lost Weekend '' without ever getting preachy . Instead , Edwards examines the sullied yet undying connection between his two self-destructive protagonists , played by Lemmon and Remick with unblinking honesty . -LRB- Two specific scenes -- his in a madhouse and hers in a motel -- are wrenching . -RRB- Charles Bickford lends terrific support as Kirsten 's widower father , as does Jack Klugman in a small role as Joe 's AA sponsor . `` Days '' is a hard-hitting drama about love in the ruins , buoyed by Henry Mancini 's melancholic jazz score .
 To witness the power of great acting , to understand the craft and the depth of the form , I suggest watching Days of Wine and Roses . Elevated to classic status as a tale of alcohol 's maddening grip on a marriage , it 's two leads-Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick-deliver gut-wrenching , soul-crushing performances , the film is potent for it 's exposure of addiction and it 's harrowing imagery of the physical and emotional torment it renders.Immediate associations with The Lost Weekend and Leaving Las Vegas are legitimate . Though those two revolve around an individuals alcoholism as opposed to a couples , they do provide a gage of the evolving cinematic vision of addiction , and for their respective times were bold films . Both leads -LRB- Milland & Cage -RRB- also won Oscars . Lemmon and Remick were both nominated-he lost to Gregory Peck 's Atticus Finch -LRB- To Kill a Mockingbird -RRB- , she to Anne Bancroft 's Annie Sullivan -LRB- The Miracle Worker -RRB- . I would say too that Days of Wine and Roses succeeds as a tale of the everyman within the social structure , willing and able to climb the ladder , whose alcoholism may have preceeded his occupational necessity to drink , or may not have . Lost amidst the corporation he works for as a p.r. man his lack of definition and satisfaction , clarified by his having to procure -LRB- ala The Apartment -RRB- young women for his boss ' parties , drives him as much into marriage as into alcoholism.Considering this came out in 1962 , it must be regarded that a young woman , wholesome and kind , working as a secretary who transforms into a housewife who 's parenting suffers for her rapt addiction to booze , who abandons and betrays those closest to her , was a striking and devastating vision.The ending to Days of Wine and Roses is not only bleak , haunting and quiet , it 's poetic .
 Jack Lemon gives a memorable , great performance . This movie also shows how the disease of alcoholism takes over and affects not only the drinker but his family and friends . It also shows how AA can help . Running the movie with Blake Edwards commentary is interesting as well . Blake and Jack talked about their own issues with drinking and how thought provoking the movie was for them . If you love Jack Lemon or want to know more about alcoholism this is probably one of the best movies to watch .
 Days of Wine and Roses is a film that AA actually consulted on . The film shows a couple who meet , fall in love , marry and have a little girl . The disease of alcoholism smacks into them like a freight train . The husband finds AA , the wife does not . The struggles of finding a basis for a relationship without alcohol are very difficult and sometimes impossible . This movie shows very clearly how alcohol is so very patient , cunning and powerful . It is an excellent movie .
 From the performances to the black and white film to the music , this film is a harrowing and realistic look at the ravages of alcoholism and what it can take to get sober .
 1962 was the most difficult year for awarding the Best Actor in all the Academy story . Consider Gregory Peck for To kill a mockingbird -LRB- who won with this role -RRB- , Peter O'Toole for Lawrence and Jack Lemmon for Days of wine and roses . To me Peter O'Toole deserved this prize by far but Lemmon even his role was more introspective , tragic and harsh , made the best role of his career playing an alcoholic husband role . Lee Remick was fantastic too , but the sinister moments you watch to Lemmon for instance in the sequence of the garden in the middle of the rain night is simply outstanding . The script is a perfect circle without any hole . A merciless story which typified many couples in the world . A classic and bitter film !
 What more can you say , other than truly Classic ? If you love anything with Jack Lemmon in it , this one certainly wo n't be a disappointment . A must have for a Jack Lemmon memorabilia collector .
 After many years , the memory of this movie kept haunting me until I asked around and found out what its name was -LRB- I 'd long long ago forgotten . -RRB- and rented it again . It has some shocking scenes of someone screwing up big time because of booze . I think a couple of those scenes were so nightmarish and rang so true that they stayed in my mind for many years . Great entertainment , too.It 's been a while now and I 'm looking forward to getting my copy and seeing it again .
 If you have n't seen this one , whether you love classics or not , see it anyway because it opens up your heart and mind and makes you think . Jack Lemmon is superb in his first `` real '' dramatic movie as Joe Clay a social drinker who works in public relations , he meets his wife -LRB- Lee Remick -RRB- and soon the couple start to drink more and more . They have a daughter but things get worse from neglect and Joe loses his job from drinking . They end up staying with her father awhile on a farm trying to get rehabilitated and they end up sneaking liquor into the bedroom but when they run out Joe goes to the greenhouse to get more he hid in one of the flower pots . Only there 's hundreds of pots and he ca n't remember which one it is and he goes mad and tears up the greenhouse , I think this is one of Lemmon 's best scenes in his career ! Things get even worse when they lost custody of their daughter and he ends up in a hospital ward strapped to a bed and delirious . These scenes are heartbreaking almost as Lee REmick 's condition worsens as she chugs the bottle daily . Things start to brighten for Joe , a friend gets him into AA and he gets sober and gets back his daughter . Now that he 's sober he understands what he did to his wife and hopes one day they can be together but she 's still so dependent on alcohol , can they get back together ? I wo n't give too much away because it 's one hell of a story that should be shown to everyone whether you like to drink or know an alcoholic or if you 're sober as can be because the performances are top notch and it was nominated for five oscars ! You wo n't forget this one .
 A sobering account of the downward spiral of sin - and an honest - yet still hopeful - look at the opportunity for change .
 This was a gift for my sister . She absolutely loved this movie . Had seen bits and pieces and wanted to see it in entirety . Now she has .
 Came fast and in perfect condition ! This is a classic movie about alcoholism . Jack Lemmon was phenomenal ! Really helps anyone understand the disease .
 Fabulous writing , wonderful cast , heart breaking story . Love , love , love Jack Lemmon in everything I 've seen , such a talened actor .
 an excellent recovery movie . a substantial and powerful message . the acting is appropriate for the era and i truly thought lemmon was amazing in it .
 Was happy to find that I could purchase finally . Had been looking off and on for quite some time and never anyone who carried the movie .
 Great now that displays the disease of alcoholism . I work in the substance abuse field and show it to the clients from time to time
 This is one of these wonderful classics . My copy disappeared , so I was grateful to be able to find another one . The price was great . The product arrived within days of ordering and is in very good shape . Plays well , also . Would definitely recommend to others , especially good resource for addiction counselors .
 This classic movie shows two young people and their romance set in San Francisco . Gradually alcoholism creeps into their relationship ; the movie shows how two people address their addiction in different ways .
 You ca n't say enough good things about this movie , or it 's actorsAnyone who has ever had any kind of addiction problem will feel their pain because `` you know `` Anyone who has not experienced an addiction problem will feel their pain just by watching what they go through.Jack Lemmon and Lee Remeck are fantastic . As is Jack Klugman who plays the man who started AAYou will watch it over and over and over again
 Awesome movie . People need to see the old movies . Great acting and story . Recommend to everyone over 13 years old
 Great black and white movie . How someone can get hooked on booze when started out as fun in a relationship but so hard to cure and get back on track . How the pressure of a job and trying to suceed in life can actually be a downfall , when you lose track of life and what is important . Yes , someone who love chocolate can really love those drinks that are like milkshakes and go down so easy without the taste of whiskey , brandy and other hard liquirs .
 To say that I wish there were movies like this today is almost trite . True drama-the kind that grabs you and makes you think and feel and empathize is gone . `` Days of Wine and Roses '' is just such a film that will capture a wide range of emotions in the viewer.The story seems simple enough . Man meets woman and booze and forms an unholy triangle of pain , despair , and desolation . But the way it all plays out is brilliant . It is a case study not only in addiction , but in love , whimsy , confusion , cruelty , and ultimately tragedy . Both Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick play their parts perfectly and are backed by a superb supporting cast.There is something strangely haunting about this film . It stayed with me for a long while after I saw it . For me , watching it again is like watching it for the first time . I ca n't say the film is entertaining because that would cheapen it . To say it is informative would be too bland . It meets somewhere between those two points and weaves a poignant tapestry of a wide range of human emotions.The music is beautiful and the direction is superb . This is a film that was made when drama meant something ; When you felt the message and knew you had seen something extraordinary . Yes , it is that good .
 This DVD is in great shape and I have enjoyed it . Loved it years ago when it first came out and ordered it for my son who is a film major and thought he would enjoy seeing the `` old '' time movies .
 This movie is one of my favorites with Jack Lemmon . Its a riveting drama , that you cant help become part of . You feel for the characters , you fall in love with Lee Remick . You see the love and loss in Jack Lemmon 's face.Its a beautifully acted , true to life drama that everyone should watch!I recommend this movie 110 % , you will laugh & cry all the way through the movie.It does not disappoint !
 I was amazed to see the usually comedic Jack Lemmon give such a powerful performance as an alcoholic who has to dry out the old-fashioned way , slip up again , dry out again , try to stay sober and raise his daughter on his own while trying at the same time to get the love of his life to become sober as well . He surely feels guilty over pushing her to drink with him in the early days of their courtship , as it led to nothing but trouble for both of them.Lee Remick also does a fine job here as a woman who ends up unable to imagine life without alcohol , unable to face her young child , and unable to muster up the courage to gain sobriety along with her struggling husband.Shot in stark b/w , this is a portrait of the dangers and damages of alcoholism
 This is a heart-rending story of alcoholism and how it affects a newly married couple . Jack Lemmon & Lee Remick are superb as the couple drowning deeper and deeper into their addictions . One of them is able to conquer the addiction , but as the movie ends , you see the other will probably be lost forever . It 's a movie classic !
 My father told me I should watch this because it was part of my families past . The Lost Weekend which was also on your list , was written by one of my past relatives in my now Second cousin 's cottage in Glenora , New York . So for all I do recommend both of these wonderful stories .
 A classic , no doubt about it . But if you 're buying the DVD version for anything but the widescreen effect , forget it . The `` extras '' consist of two versions of a self-congratulatory trailer -LRB- Jack Lemmon breaking character to expound on what a bold movie they 'd made . -RRB- Meanwhile , the much-touted `` interview '' with Lemmon is a corny promotional device apparently aimed at local TV stations , with the actor , seen talking on the phone , rattling off answers to trite pre-scripted questions , giving the impression that he was actually having a phone interview with local TV personalities whose own images were later edited into the split-screen featurette.And the less said about director Blake Edwards ' `` commentary '' , the better.After explaining that he 's not much good `` at this kind of thing , '' Edwards proceeds to prove it in spades by confessing he has n't seen the movie in 40 years , professing to be surprised when he realizes -LRB- 10 minutes in ! -RRB- that the film was n't shot in color , then actually wonders aloud how audiences will be able to understand the plot if he keeps talking throughout the movie . Sad !
 I would like to comment on Reviewer 's Allen Smalling `` Constant Reader , '' -LRB- Chicago , IL United States -RRB- - when he said and I quote `` THE DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES -LRB- 1962 -RRB- is a wonderful film , but this DVD is burdened with an unacceptable Director 's Commentary . '' I would like to know if this gentleman knows that there is a choice of viewing this DVD WITHOUT the director 's comment ? Sometimes when we put the DVD in the machine it starts in a way we do not like , for example in a foreign language or with the director 's commentary . In this case you go to Language , and choose your language and puff goes the director . I give 5 stars to this movie and I pray that they use it in AA groups .
 No issues with the dvd and the movie is great if but a little disturbing as I am also an alcoholic but it is a Jack Lemmon tour de force and I reccommend it
 I always love Jack Lemmon in his comedies , esp . those in Billy Wilder films . However , this dramatic work is a masterpiece and both Jack Lemmon and the gorgeous Lee Remick play their roles in truly memorable form !!! Truly heart wrenching dialogue and acting !!!!!!!!!! Bravo !!!!!!!!!!! Highly recommended for those on or off the wagon or to those who newly put their wagons away , looking for other forms of play !!!!
 This movie is still one of my favorites about the subject of alcoholism . -LRB- Tender Mercies is probably the best movie on this subject -RRB- . The narrative arc is somewhat overwrought . The Jack Lemmon character goes into delirium tremens twice ! He does this not after he goes cold turkey and as a result of withdrawal symptoms but after one night of taking up drinking again . That does n't make sense . Lee Remick 's fondness for chocolate as a precursor to possible tendencies to alcoholism I think has been pretty much discredited . Nevertheless , you do wind up caring what happens to the characters . The supporting cast is great . I would recommend the movie .
 at the time of the making of this film debbie mcgowan was my best friend . i never saw the movie but know enough about it by reading the book . i was n't allowed to see the movie . i still have n't seen it . even though i have met the actors in real life . both jack lemmon and lee remmick were really alcoholic in real life . debbie and i were not treated so well by our parents . anyway i sure would like to see her again . they always choose redheads for parts , she was really lucky . . i am anxious to rent or buy the film and finally see it.it will probably bring back a lot of memories of being 7 again . they took a long time to finally destribute this film . it 's not like today . sometimes produciton took 3 years.Days of Wine and Roses , Moon River and Other Academy Award Winners
 I knew the title song before seeing the movie . Chronicles the destruction that alcohol addiction can bring to all involved . The performances by Lee Remake and Jack Lemmon were excellent . Ever drinker will see themselves . Well worth the time and the dime .
 Okay . My Father was told that it was a good movie . He did n't enjoy it .
 I am still waitning for the jproducts for this orderPlease call me at 907-440-6910 and let me know when I will recieve them.Stevie Marie Russell2537 East 70th AvenueAnchorage , AK 99507-2489
 The 1962 film DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES , developed from a television play of the same name , is one of the great examples of black-and-white realism in the American cinema . It examines the life of a couple , Joe and Kiersten Clay , who gradually become alcoholics . DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES also seems modern . Surely this was one of the first films to call alcoholism an illness , or to show an AA -LRB- Alcoholics Anonymous -RRB- meeting . As Joe , Jack Lemmon plays his usual character-type of the basically decent man overwhelmed by the world . Here , though , his situation takes a tragic , not a comic , turn as he drinks chronically to cope and as a result becomes violent in his behavior . As Kiersten , Lee Remick 's acting is every bit as brilliant as Lemmon 's , particularly in the drunk scenes . Jack Klugman stands out in the supporting part of Jim Hungerford , a tough-looking yet gentle AA representative who refuses to give up on Joe . The movie presents several unforgettable images
 When this movie first came out , I was much too young to appreciate the veracity and power . Blake Edwards helms an extremely powerful , if tragic , tale of alcoholism and how it affects the marriage of two middle class individuals.Jack Lemmon proves what a tremendously versatile actor he was , and he gives a performance that is honest , brutal and unbelievably brilliant . His scenes in the greenhouse and in the drying out unit are some of the best acting caught on celluloid . Lee Remick , the late and underrated beauty , matches Lemmon 's performance which is even more devastating as her plunge into alcohol is at Lemmon 's urging , and she 's the one who ca n't go without a drink . Remick is mesmerizing in the motel scene where she forces Lemmon to drink with her again.Wonderful support comes from Charles Bickford as Remick 's father and Jack Klugman as Lemmon 's AA friend . Of course , the score by Henry Mancini is one of the best.This is a must see for anyone who wants to see powerful acting and an unforgettable movie .
 Alcoholism is a disease . Fine . And yet wrong . The disease is obsessivity , the fact that some people can not live within satisfying an obsession of some kind . And I am afraid everyone has a degree of obsessivity that could lead to a catastrophe in many situations . The problem is the object of this obsessivity . It is dangerous if it is excessive and aiming at an object that destroys your willpower , your selfcontrol , your selfesteem . It can be alcohol . It can be tobacco . It can be eating . It can be coffee or tea or any spft drink . It can be any illicit drug . It can be any medical and legal drug . It can be work . It can be absolutely anything . Many of those things are not dangerous but some can be deadly both for the person concerned by the obsession and for the people around the person . Fast driving is just the same . And this obessivity becomes dangerous when one is addicted to the object of the obsession . Addiction is the worst thing that may happen to a sane person . But do n't forget that addiction , any addiction is rooted in the deepest layers of one 's personality , in his or her deepest past , in her or his most intimate experiences . There are only two ways to deal with such a problem . Either to look for the real deeper cause and solve the problem there , if it is solvable , or to keep away from the object of the obsession , in this case alcohol , and that can not be achieved without the help of people around you . Alcoholism is the derangement of a personality in a social environment and it can only be solved with the willpower of the person supported by the society around him or her . But we must always remember that one is no longer an alcoholic when he does not feel any desire to drink when confronted to the very object of this potential desire , i.e. alcohol . If he lives in a totally alcohol-free environment he may only be a sober alcoholic , and if he comes across alcohol again and accepts to be tempted the relapse is a hundred times worse than the first binge . One is healed when one can keep alcohol away even when alcohol is there is front of one 's eyes . There is no merit not to fall to temptation if there is no temptation . At least that is what Milton used to think and I believe he was deeply right on this question.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
 Blake Edwards Days of Wine and Roses is a sobering and gritty representation of the desperate and often unforgiving world of alcoholism . Edwards does not restrain himself in showing the utter destruction of life wrought by the bottle.Public relations agent Joe Clay played by Jack Lemmon is an alcoholic , spawned by the rigors of entertaining his clients . He becomes enamored with the lovely Lee Remick playing secretary of one of his clients , Kirsten Arnesen . Remick , a wholesome girl and teetotaler is wooed by Lemmon and they eventually marry . As part of the arrangement Lemmon seduces her to alcohol and they both are now addicted.The resposibility of parenthood does not curb their ugly habit and their lives quickly spiral out of control . Lemmon proceeds to lose job after job and they deteriorate into a sordid existence . They make several aborted attempts for sobriety aided by Remicks nurturing father , landscaper Ellis Arnesen played passionately by craggy veteran actor Charles Bickford.Both Remick and Lemmon revert back to drinking with Lemmon winding up straight jacketed in a padded cell in a detox ward.Lemmon aided by Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor Jim Hungerford played by Jack Klugman finally is able to conquer his demons and remain sober . Remick however at movies end is regretably not ready to follow the same path , foresaking both her marriage and child for the comfort of the bottle.Both Remick and Lemmon give stark and frighteningly realistic acting performances as the unfortunate Mr. & Mrs. Clay . The scene where Lemmon tears apart his father in laws greenhouse searching for a hidden bottle of booze is particularly effective . Under Edwards steady hand , Days of Wine and Roses is the most powerful revelation of alcoholism since the gripping The Lost Weekend .
 `` Days of Wine and Roses '' ranks right up there with `` Lost Weekend , '' `` Leaving Las Vegas '' and `` I 'll Cry Tomorrow '' as the most powerful cinematic portrayals of the destructiveness of alcoholism . Jack Lemmon gives one of his most honest and powerful performances as a man who lures his young bride into a life of alcohol induced pleasure and , ultimately , pain and suffering . Lee Remick is equally marvelous as his helpless wife who 's own addiction proves more overwhelming than her husbands . A very personal and intimate film that will prove most unsettling to anyone who 's known , first hand , the horrors brought on by alcohol abuse . Fantastic but , be warned , very depressing .
 Watching this movie again recently , I realized that some of the criticisms I 've read about it over the years have some validity . Yes , it is a little bit stagey . Yes , Lee Remick still looks a bit too pretty at the end of the film -LRB- she 's got her hair pulled back , and she 's dressed a little dowdy , but she 's hardly ravaged -RRB- . And Jack Klugman 's scenes as the AA councilor are a little hammy.That said , it 's still a touching , and finally devastating film . Lemmon turns in a wonderful performance , and Lee Remick was never better than in this film . 1962 was closing in on the end of the black and white era , and `` Days of Wine and Roses '' is one of those films that reminds us of why the death of the b/w film was such a loss . Bleak subject matter demands a stark setting . More recent films about dependency suffer in comparison -- since few non-indie filmmakers are allowed to opt for black and white any more.But enough film studies talk . See this one for the story . You will come to care for Joe and Kirsten , and in the last analysis , that 's what movies are all about .
 THE DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES -LRB- 1962 -RRB- is a wonderful film , but this DVD is burdened with an unacceptable Director 's Commentary . This highly successful film was everything Blake Edwards , the director , could have wanted from it ; or at least it is according to the many reviews and favorable critical comments I 've read over the years.Fresh from the thunderous reception of BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY 'S , Edwards wisely stuck with Henry Mancini as the movie 's musical composer -LRB- and whose theme for the movie won Mancini his second Oscar in two years , following TIFFANY 's -RRB- . For WINE AND ROSES , Edwards took his nearly legendary , trademark style -- particularly the insouciant , almost breezy charm of the JFK years as represented in TIFFANY 'S -- and applied it to subject matter that is anything but screwball in nature
 I dare you to watch this excellent study of a young couple 's descent into alcoholism without -LRB- a -RRB- dropping your jaw during Lemmon 's justly celebrated greenhouse scene and -LRB- b -RRB- crying during the finale -LRB- Remick
 I never saw this film when I was young , but I found it to be truthful for the most part , although I am not an alcoholic I have known many . I have played in bands for 30 years and even though that does n't mean your a drunk , it does expose you to bars and a party atmosphere . I am one of the lucky ones who could drink my friends under the table , but resume a normal life the next morning.This film paints a true picture of how hard it is to kick this habit if you truly are an alcoholic ! I have never seen such an extreme case , but I 'm sure they exist . Lemmon and Remick give excellent performances in this dark tale of dependency and despair . I loved how it showed the characters saying one thing and doing another , which is so true to these diseased individuals . It 's heartbreaking and hard to understand looking at it from the outside . The inner fight is constant and leaves the inflicted always aware they are one step away from `` falling off the wagon '' . It is also a very good love story as these two kindered souls mates are each other 's own worst enemy . It 's a powerful film , well worth watching .
 When I was a child , I sat and watched this movie with my dad . It remains -LRB- 40 + years later -RRB- in my mind , one of the best `` Public Service Announcements '' against drinking that I have ever seen . For my whole life , this movie has been what I think of when people talk about `` getting drunk and having fun . '' It has stopped me from ever thinking that getting drunk is the critical component in fun . I bought it hoping it will have the same effect on my son once he is old enough to watch and understand it . Lee Remick ends up becoming a drunk who ca n't save herself . A timeless tale that resonates in today 's society and in our headlines .
 Forget the fact that it 's in B&W ; this film is one of the best ever made.It 's portrayal of the gradual slip into alcoholism of the main characters is brilliantly delt with . The slip is sensitively portrayed and a lesson to all . Forget the melodrama of the greenhouse search - shown in the film - a similar crisis awaits all heavy drinkers.I have Jack 's film `` The Apartment '' as my No1 film ever , this is No2 .
 jack lemmon stars as ` public relations ' executive , joe clay , who has a problem with the sauce due to part of his job being to ` entertain ' the executives of the companies that his company handles.he meets kirsten , played by lee remick who is a goody goody , total opposite to joe.somehow they end up clicking , marry and have a child.eventually joe turns kirsten onto the drink and soon they both become slaves to the bottle.lemmon and remmick are great in their roles and deserved the recognition they got as they are both extremely believable.i would definitely recommend this to people in recovery as well as those who do n't think that they have a problem as this movie shows what can happen if you take drinking to the limit.i would n't recommend seeing this for the first time if you are depressed as this film is quite depressing and emotionally draining.i do n't mean to take anything away from this film because it is really good and probably the best about alcoholism , just be in the mood for a drama .
 If you appreciate great acting , this is a must see . Jack Lemon in this movie demonstrates why he is one of the greatest actors of all time , if not the best . In addition to an amazing performance by Jack Lemon , the story line is excellent .
 I have heard it said many times that no addiction starts out as a physical dependancy ; addiction really begins as a psycological/spiritual defect deep down inside . I think the way that the movie in the beginning showed the insecurity and unease of the two main characters is the most underrated aspect of this brilliant film . The alcohol washes away the unease and pain for awhile , but when the mask wears off , literally , all hell breaks loose !! Some have commented that Jack Lemmon 's greenhouse scene and subsequent mental-ward scene were not realistic . I disagree with this , as I think his character 's mental state was such that a complete breakdown was a very real possibility at that point in the story . Ultimately , this film is more than just a story of the dangers of alcoholism . It is a story of the dangers of low self-esteem and not loving yourself . THAT is the true breeding ground for addiction , and I do n't know if there has ever been a film that does a more effective job of illustrating this !! An absolute classic ... one for the ages !!
 This is the incredibly haunting and all-to-realistic tale of an alcoholic couple -- it 's candor as is seldom seen . Jack Lemmon gives an absolutely stunning dramatic performance filled with ferociousness and passion . I do believe that when it ended , my mouth remained agape and eyes wide for at least a minute . It reached me in ways that few movies have done .
 The Days of Wine & Roses has equal impact today , as it did more than 40 years ago . It tells the story of alcoholisim as seen through the eyes of a `` normal '' , white , middle class couple . The sickness creeps up on the viewer gradually until it 's almost unbearable to watch . This is yet another fine example of the marvelous tempo all Billy Wilder movies posessed . Sunset Blvd had it in Spades . But The Days of Wine and Roses is perhaps the only Wilder movie , so completely void of humor.Lemmon and Remmick are compelling as is the fine supporting cast . This is a great movie to covey the message about the dangers of drinking to young people . As a side note , I attended high school and was quite freindly with one J. D. Miller 's sons . Unfortunatly the lessons of the story were not learned by his offspring . Then again , that was almost 40 years ago . Maybe there 's a happy ending in there somewhere .
 This is as modern a portrayal of alcoholics strugglingagainst the disease with the help of AA as you 'll everget , especially if you are an experienced AA attender.The characters were played out with excellent skill , and present day realism.The delivery through black and white cinemahad the same profound impact on me that CITIZEN KANE did , and a bit more than did LOST WEEKEND , which I alsorated `` excellent '' . Any active alcoholic wanting , but not quite readyfor , an AA meeting should rehearse with this masterpiece.It showed the way it REALLY IS -LRB- and will be ! -RRB- RATING
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . To get it in dvd was such a great find for me . I never get tired of watching this !
 This old classic is a great homage to people who are afflicted with the disease known as alcoholism . The acting was great and the story was sound .
 Great movies with wonderful characters , pithy dialog , accurate depiction of the problems associated with alcoholism and society . Jack Lemmon again demonstrated his broad scope of talents and delivery .
 Very cute . I loved the dog in this movie - I wish I could have one just like him . This is a good one to sit down and watch with the whole family on a lazy Sunday afternoon . This dog is smart ! And he looks out for people , like his master and the boy who gets lost - a really fun and loving story .
 As a Baby Boomer I grew up with Rin Tin Tin on Tv and on the big screen . I did not hope for much when I ordered this film but I really enjoyed it and have viewed it multiple times . I have ordered it for gifts as well . I hope this company will take this team and do more fun movies with this team and represent Rin Tin Tin to several new eploits in the future . Buy it , Keep it !
 First Look brings us a fantastic family film based on the classic Dog `` Rin Tin Tin '' . I def recommend this movie for the kids , it felt like a classic tv show with nothing but clean fun and laughs.The dog -LRB- s -RRB- are completely entertaining.I really enjoyed it and it will serve well to introduce new kids to the story .
 I bought this film for my grandson and did n't expect to enjoy it so much myself . It 's a sweet film , all the more interesting being it is based on the true story of Rinty . Not only is it entertaining , especially so for dog lovers , but there is nothing in it that would keep you from sharing it with children of any age -LRB- no bad language or the usual hollywood crap -RRB- I would recommend this film for anyone with children to add to their movie library .
 The naysayers can spew whatever they like , but this was an excellent family movie . IT was not meant to be ultra-serious , but meant to bring joy , and at times , laughter to the entire family . Ben Cross does a wonderful job as the trainer , showing that character 's love for the animals throughout . He teaches valuable lessons about respecting animals , and since I am part Native American that was a very important aspect of the theme to me . The cast was very conscientious about what was to be brought to life in their characters.This movie is great for kids of any age and I highly recommend it .
 Cute video , but a few scenes could really have been deleted as they were a little `` crude '' for a `` family '' type video . Enjoyed about 90 % of it because of that reason . Anotherwords , it was n't exactly what I expected for a Rin-tin-tin movie !
 Far better than any of the several Rin Tin Tin films I have seen earlier . The plot and acting are excellent . A great kids / family movie .
 Calling all Rin Tin Tin fans you can enjoy this wonderful story and watch with family ! As a Rinty fan , I loved it
 i just wish there was a way to tell if it plays in my country i browet a fue moves and out off 10 move2 whont play in my country but thay are good moves
 Love the history and the dog and the guys are great too . I know poetic licence is taken in stories but when I looked this story up , it was really fact based . Very enjoyable
 Good movie about a great dog and some heroic people during a difficult time . Some funny moments too , but a good message about how we can all learn to appreciate one another and be kind . Beautiful dog too . What more could you want in a family film ?
 Grant you this movie was during the WWI , but Finding Rin Tin Tin is an absolute must see . It is really good . I can remember watching descendents of Rin Tin Tin on TV when I was growing up so knowing the story of the original Rin Tin Tin is great .
 I am very pleased with this DVD and with the folks that I bought it from . great transaction . Thanks . And the movie is a delight , especially for us who loves GSD . I recommend it to all .
 THIS MOVIE WAS '' VERY GREAT '' THE REAL LIFE SET AND LOCATION WAS SUPER . IT STARTS IN FRANCE WON TORN DURING WAR WWI . WITH THE DAY TO DAY LIFE OF CORP.LEE DUNCAN U.S. ARMY . HOWEVER DUNCAN AND A FRENCH SOLDIER FRIEND ARE ORDERED ON A SEARCH MISSION TO HELP AND RECOVER FRENCH PEOPLE IN A DESTROYEDFRENCH TOWN . IN THE DARKEST TIME IT IS THE BEST OF TIMES A UP LIFTING HOPEIS GIVEN BY A SIGN OF GOODNESS BY ALL THAT IS GOOD -LRB- RIN TIN TIN , MOTHER AND2 OTHER PUPS -RRB- RIN TIN TIN BRINGS JOY TO THE FRENCH TROOPS AND LEE DUNCAN WITH PLAYFUL AND CARE FREE LIFE OF PUPPY HOOD . GERMAN SOLDIER NIKOLAUS EGGERRIN TIN TIN `` S OWNER IS PAYED A VISIT IN JAIL BY DUNCAN BECAUSE OF RIN TIN TIN '' S PLAYFUL AND FAIR PLAY ACTS GETS HIM IN HOT WATER . THE HEAD OFFICER OF THE AREA TOLD DUNCAN THAT IF HIS DOG DOES NOT TOE THE MARK HE WILL BE SENT AWAY . WITH THE HELP OF EGGER RIN TIN TIN GROWS OUT OF PUPPY HOOD TO AN SPECIAL DOGTHIS MOVIE HAS STRONG VALUES OF CARING , LOVE , UNDERSTANDING , HOPE , FAIR PLAYAND PEOPLE EVEN ENEMIES CAN GO AHEAD WITH UNDERSTANDING AND FAIRNESS OF CARINGEVEN IF THERE WAS A QUESTION OF COPY RIGHT TROUBLESI CAN SAY AS MY FAMILY WAS LUCKY TO HAVE ONE OF RIN TIN TIN `` S GRANDSON `` SPUPPY `` S WHO WAS A GREAT DOG AND CLOSE FAMILY FRIENDTHIS MOVIE DOES JUSTICE TO RIN TIN TIN `` S LEAGCYTHANKS ENJOY BARR 1990
 All the people who gave this a bad rating are either weak , or have no sense of humour at all . This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen in my life !! It does have some nasty things in it but it just makes it much more funnier . I ca n't explain every segment because well other reviewers already done that , but this has ultimate replayability . Some scenes you have to watch in slow motion to believe !! Do n't be eating when watching this type of film , that 's the best advice I can give you . People that are offended by everything they see should n't watch this movie . People who ca n't take reality should n't watch this movie , give us a break this is as entertaining as the next comedy , even more so . This is definately one of the funniest movies of our time ! It does n't have to make you think to be funny , it 's right in front of you !! My favorites are the yellow snow cone , the wasabi-snooters , the mouse traps , the tightrope walk and the muscle stimulator . Those are just my favorites but most of them are worth watching .
 Okay , I was n't too thrilled at the whole concept of the idea of a really dumb show actually being made into a full-length feature film and was literally put off by it until I stumbled upon this on cable recently and the result though for me , cut extreme ways for me being a mix of truly funny , genius stunts and disasters , to average ho-hum stunts to sickeningly stupid and vomit-inducing without being funny.Okay so this is n't actually a movie at all . No script , no plot , but just plain hodgepodge of stunts , `` Jackass
 This dvd has everything it has the full movie plus tons of extras . I would recommend it for everybody
 This is the most funnist movie ! They were sure Jackasses ! There great !
 God I ca n't tell you how many films or shows I 've seen where the laughs just are n't there , or where it 's half-hearted or worse , phony . This one sucks the air out of you with the s __ t -LRB- literally -RRB- these guys do for the camera . When I saw this in the theater the entire audience was howling and screaming to the point of hurting themselves from laughter . Pay no mind to the moralists who decry this as the beginning of their much-desired `` end times '' - they have no sense of humor and do n't know how to have fun . FUN is what you will have watching THIS !
 I 'm of the first generation MTV viewers . That is I used to watch Martha Quinn and other VJs play videos 24 hours a day . I never missed Headbanger 's Ball on Saturady night and loved Miss Julie Brown 's show on Sunday afternoon . That being said I have n't watched MTV in over ten years since the channel went to hell in a handbasket . I had heard of the show Jackass , but never bothered watching . Since it was on MTV , I could only guess it was either a half hour or hour of more MTV stupidity.Well I rented the movie on a goof and was in total disbelief . Do n't get me wrong , I was on the floor rolling with laughter and howling at these idiots . I mean c'mon , this is the lowest common denominator for entertainment . Paper cuts between the toes , shooting bottle rockets from their butts , and beating a fat naked man on the toilet.The golf blowhorn was a hoot as was the Japanese Panda Anarchy . The last straw was the lubed Hotwheels in the anus though . Thank God that 's where the movie ended . I had had enough at that point . Attempted oral sex with whale sharks is one thing , but an X-ray of your butt cavity as a toy box is beyond relief.I do n't think I could have a steady diet of this stuff , but I 'd watch it again . For shock value alone -LRB- and I think that 's the point -RRB- this DVD goes above and beyond .
 First off if you are looking for a movie with a plot , do not get this . If you are easily grossed out , do not get this movie.However , if you are a fan of the TV show Jackass on MTV then you need to get this movie . From the intro , to the wasuabe snooters , to the end credits , I was in tears . My wife who kinda likes the show was in tears . This movie is hiliarious!You get to see Bam pick on his parents some more and make his Mom say a certain word , Steve-O being Steve-O , some of Party boy in Japan , and Johnny get shot with a riot control device . Also , there are some special guest appearences that you will not believe . The pranks do not stop there and go as far as you are probably thinking they can go . When the movie is over you need to check out the outtakes and the bonus footage , they are great as well.If you are looking for a movie where you do not have to follow closely , want to laugh your rear off , and just see some entertaining stuff , GET THIS MOVIE NOW !
 If you 're already a fan of the Jackass show on MTV , then you 're probably already conditioned for the content offered in this movie . Of course , being a major motion picture , more explicit material can be shown without the censoring and it is . If you 've never watched Jackass material , then this would be a baptism by fire , so to speak.A lot of the content in this movie is , no doubt , very hilarious and worth the look . But , you should also be warned that some of the skits and stunts are crude or gross or tasteless , depending on your views . I would estimate that about two-thirds of the movie is genuinely funny material that does n't cross the line too badly . The DVD also offers some good extra content that makes it worth while . There are quite a few outtakes and additional stunts offered with lots of commentary also by the actors and crew.In good faith , I can not honestly recommend this movie to everyone because it really is n't for everyone . But , if you 're willing to give it a shot or you 're a Jackass fan , then it is recommended because you 're going to laugh until you hurt and you wo n't be disappointed . Overall , a worthy production by the Jackass crew in their first major motion picture .
 Johnny Knoxville , Steve-O , and the rest of the crew from the MTV series cheerfully debase , humiliate , and mutilate themselves for your viewing pleasure . This is the cinematic equivalent of a geek show , those low rent carnival side-show acts that feature some poor depraved soul who bites the heads off chickens . It has only one saving grace -- it is funnier than 90 % of the films that call themselves comedies . A very guilty pleasure .
 To tell you the truth , I 've only caught the tail end of this movie before watching it in it 's entirety.My nephew tuned me into this and since then , I have n't stopped laughing my ass off . There are some aspects of this movie that can have you puking for days ranging from the plumbing store toilet seat skit to the yellow snow cone treat . The most sickest thing in this movie however has to be Bam Magera 's dad . NOW THAT 'S GROSS !!!!! Sure the clueless critics are gon na trash this movie , but to tell you truth , they wish that they were having the fun Johnny Knoxville and Co. are having . Overall , this is definitely a movie for the whole family . Definitely recommend this for the faint of heart . AN OSCAR WORTHY MASTERPIECE !!!!!!!!
 This movie is amazing . If you like CKY , or Jackass on tv , than you will love JA the movie . Starring Johnny Knoxville , Bam Margera , Chris Pontius , Steve-o , Chris Pontius , Dave England , Ehren McGenhey , Ryan Dunn , and Preston Lacy . This movie is unedited due to its R rating , and the guys took advantage of that , but in a good way . There are great stunts in this movie including : - Steve-o and Chris shooting bottle rockets out of their Bunghole-a -LSB- RENT a CAR CRASH UP DERBEY -RSB- -LRB- pretty self explainitory -RRB- - Acting as old men , and going renegade through the town-bungee wedgie !!! - running through town as pandas-the best stunt ive ever seen involving Ryan Dunn , -LRB- ... -RRB- , a toy car , and an X-raythis is a good movie with great special features . i watch it thrice a week , and laugh all the time . its good-go get it -
 It 's like all their TV shows rolled up into on . I saw this in a theater and the crowd was roaring with excitement . Pick up the DVD because it has more scenes that they did n't have in the movie theater .
 This was a great sit back with your buds , chug a couple of cases of beer , and laugh yourself insane ! So what are you waiting for ... get your friends , some beer , and this dvd ... and be ready to watch it over again in the morning ... cause you wo n't remember what was so funny the night before !
 If you like jackass the show then you will definitely like the movie . i was not disappointed at all . it has tons of extra footage after the movie and even outtakes . it also has the `` We want fun '' video by andrew w.k. .
 Jackass The Movie does n't dissappoint . The stunts have been taken even further and more absurd than they used to be . The format might not carry quite the whole movie -LRB- meaning you ca n't carry gut-bust laughing throughout -RRB- , but for all of you Jackasses , this is a must .
 THIS IS BY FAR THE FUNNIEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR . VERY ORIGINAL .
 I rented this DVD and I laughed my ass off watching it , it starts off when the whole cast is on a wagon and suddenly things fly at them and they run into something and fly off of it.This is like the show but longer and more better.Its worth watching .
 Ok people who dont like this movie or show , has some serious problems . seriously lighten up . if your laid back , not uptight , you will enjoy this movie . if your the kinda person who doesnt like the show then its time for you to change . get a sense of humour . i watched every episode because it wasnt stupid . I wouldnt call an uptight loser a moron if he jumped into a ceiling fan . i would call him a genius , or a jackass . buy this film because its a film not afraid to show things that they want to . buy it because we have short lives , so why not laugh along the way ?
 It 's brilliant to see critics calling this `` the final nail in the coffin of civilisation '' . JACKASS is a movie devoid of any historical & -LRB- almost -RRB- educational merit . It 's the kind of movie that has prim & prudish prats wondering what the World is coming to . Bear in mind however , that these are the same people who read the `` uncensored '' Enid Blyton works such as `` Noddy '' & `` The Three Golliwogs '' as children & spent many summer vacations at the beach encouraging Punch to bash Judy 's head in ; all in the name of entertainment . Some people have very short -LRB- or selective -RRB- memories indeed.Strange ; because in JACKASS
 A TRUE 100 % pure Jackass is someone who blows money and 2 hours on Friday night to see something they know they wo n't like , along side hundreds of misfits they know they wo n't like.Yo , Sweetheart , Sleepless in Seattle II is playing in the other theatre.I have just one question for you sophisticated movie goer types who rate this movie a one-star . I just got ta ask , I 've just go to know , I can hardly wait for your answer -- What were you expecting?Maybe you had it confused `` Jackass , the Romantic Comedy '' ? Sometimes those previews can be a bit deceiving , huh , girlfriend?Us mongrels types got exactly what we expected , laugh after laugh . The crowd reaction was much like that of a Richard Pryor audience -- lots and lots of hard laughs , boy . Hats off to Steve-O for inhaling a pile of wasabi . He 's my write-in candidate for President in 2004 . I 'll be his VP , if he 'd let me .
 Was surprised by the price compared to other movies , but it was worth it .
 I bought this for my son for christmas and he absolutely loved it . I have not heard him laugh this hard in a long time . I am now waiting till his birthday to give him Jackass 2 which I have already ordered and received . Thanks Amazon for the great prices and the option of no shipping charge . I now order all of my movies and cd 's from Amazon .
 This movie is beyond funny . Your rib cage will be sore for a few day 's from laughter after watching this one !!!
 Please let me make this clear - my purchase of this movie was a present for my husband . My husband and son watched this DVD and my daughter-in-law and myself were upstairs . Based on their laughing , snorting , and the fact my husband yelled up `` We 're crying down here '' , I would say he was very pleased with his gift . It 's truly a `` guy '' movie . I probably will not watch it with him - but - for the man in your life , it 's a laugh a minute .
 This is a funny movie , if you 're into the reality shows , or the people that have nothing better to do with their money than ruin good things , that most people go without . All in all , some of the stunts are very funny .
 this movie is so funny i could watch it every day ! I love it ! i did n't think it could be possibly but it 's acually better then the show . the best part was the were riding around in golf carts and smashing them up . they hit this hill and ryan dunn was on top of the golf cart and flew off anyway you have to see it to understand but it 's the best movie ! trust me i know what i 'm talking about ! this movie has freat written all over it . the whole family will enjoy jackass the movie !
 I forgot to breakdown the best scenes : # 3 `` Muscle stimulator '' Absolutely hysterical ! # 5 '' Golf cart antics '' Words ca n't describe the carnage , one of the funniest scenes # 8 `` Fireworks wakeup '' my personal favorite in the movie . Funny as heck ! # 20 `` Roller disco truck '' short but sweet # 23 `` Bam 's mother says ... '' how would you act if this happened to you ? # 33 '' ... Rockets '' i nearly soiled my pants laughing so hard # 36 `` Golf course airhorn '' It 's about time someone messes with those snobby stuck up ... yupee golf playing wastes of human sperm
 Well , I just got back from the movie theater . A buddy of mine works there and he invited me up tonight to watch the pre-screening of Jackass . My body aches from laughing so much . The total run time of the movie was about an hour and a half , but I swear it felt like maybe 20 minutes . I definitely recommend this movie !
 this is another JackAss movie I purchased for my husband . He thought they both were hilarious . So , I know he would give them a 5 star rating . Fortunately , he is of an age where he would n't try to imitate any of the stunts . At least I hope he is of an age where he would n't try ... But boys will be boys , whether five or 65 .
 Just when you thought the low-brow humor of the MTV show , Jackass , could n't get any lower , they made a movie . The stunts and gags -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , often not suitable for TV , are great on DVD . There are some incredibly gross and terribly tasteless scenes , but the stuff that is funny will have you in tears . I ca n't wait to watch Jackass 2 .
 My wife walked out of the room when she saw the opening scene . That 's when I knew I was in for a good time . She did n't like it . I did . I laughed so hard I almost cried .
 This movie is wall to wall laughs , definately not for the faint of heart or kids . This hooked me right out of the gate with rental car crash up derby . That has to be one of my favorite bits , along with the waking bam 's parents up intermissions , and the Visit to the Radiologist sketch . These guys do the things that others just talk of , so that no one else really should do it . Check this out , it is funny . Of note , this version is the same as the original DVD release , except the deleted scenes on the first edition are edited back into the movie , and there is a preview for Jackass two . Check this out , you will be happy with either version .
 It 's filthy , disgusting , stupid , and just plain WRONG !!!! I LOVED IT !!!!! Keep up the good work !!!!
 If you liked the show , you 'll LOVE the movie . It 's worth adding to your collection because it 's funny every single time you watch it !
 Ah , it 's so nice to be a man past the high testosterone years . This is a most unusual film which is a product of MTV 's Jacka-s program . It easily was turned into a movie due to the visual aspects of the gags and the extra budget they must have been given . I have to say that , while at times very gross , this is one of those flicks where you laugh and laugh out loud . In fact , I watched the introduction four times by itself . Seeing them fly down a runway in a oversized shopping cart as they belted each other as giraffes crossed before them amid fireworks exploding was completely hilarious . Some of the skits are barely watchable-like Steve-o on the alligator tightrope . I have to say , for those of you who have n't seen it , that it 's like Tom Green to the nth power . Jacka-s is some powerful and good stuff . Many of the skits take place in Japan which is the perfect background setting for this psycho stuff . Anyway , I have to say that this is one of the few DVDs which remains funny even after seeing it a couple of times .
 If you love disgusting bathroom humor , this is the greatest movie ever made . -LRB- However I have seen some things on the show that were far worse that what was in this movie -RRB- Basically if you are a Jackass fan this movie will not disappoint you . I have watched it 5 times already and laugh harder and harder every time I see it . The extra stuff is even better than the movie . . the commentary is hilarious because the guys just let loose and say whatever they want . The `` making of '' segment had me crying with laughter .
 First off , GREAT entertaining piece of film !! All those looking for a movie with some sort of plot to it , this is not for you . This is simply Jackass pranks , un-censored and at it 's greatest . Travel with Johnny Knoxville and the crew as they take you through stund after stunt of pure hilarious -LRB- yet painful to watch -RRB- entertainment . I almost have to say this movie should have been NC-17 instead of just `` R '' but I 'm not complaining . Im just sayin , `` Children , BEWARE ! '' If your looking for some good harsh Jackass stunts , This film will live up to every expectation !
 Okay , I tend to think of myself as a movie lover , I have a rather large DVD collection including films the likes of Apocalypse Now , 2001
 Critics hated it , fans loved it . No one can really describe why we loved the `` Jackass '' TV series so much , but when I heard a movie was coming out , I could n't wait . Something that sets this apart from other comedies is this is actually happening , these are n't actors , this is real life stuff.All in all , if you like the show , you will love the movie . The opening scene has to be one of the greatest openings for any movie of all time , and it really sets the tone for how great the movie is . I wo n't spoil anything , but `` Burglars '' , `` Golf Course Air Horn '' , and `` Hardware Poop -LRB- I think that 's what it 's called -RRB- '' , are some of the best . My only complaints with the movie is that it could 've been longer , and they could 've cut down on the male nudity , which I think we can all agree , there was a little too much of.Overall , I do n't see how I can complain about anything in this movie because I have never laughed so hard in the theater in my life . You will react to everything that they do , eveytime they fall , you will feel it . This is one of the movies that will make all old people say `` damn teenagers '' over and over in their heads . And it will make airhorns fly off the shelves , but hopefully Toy Car sales wo n't increase -LRB- Watch the movie -RRB- . A hilarious movie , and we can only hope for a part 2 . Now , the DVD , which I expected to be short of spectacular , was actually very good . It has around 30 minutes of bonus footage , which nearly all of it is all new stuff cut from the movie . If you think the movie is too short , this really fills in the whole time problem . Not only does the DVD have alot of new funny material , but it has TV spots , Music videos , Outtakes , `` Making of the Movie '' from MTV , and a lot more . And yes , it contains even more male nudity ! AAHH!The movie is like nothing we 've seen before at the theater , it 's hilarious , and the DVD is jam packed with extras , including about 30 minutes of brand new footage . You can not go wrong with this DVD purchase , if you do n't laugh at some of this stuff , you need to start enjoying yourself more . Great , great movie , Even better DVD ...
 When I saw this is the movie theater I laughed so hard I swear that I had a six pack for a day from the laughing . It was non-stop hilarious stunts.I bought the DVD because it was so funny however it 's not one of those movies you can watch all the time or with everyone . There are quite a few gross parts -LRB- ie
 I am serious ... this has got to be the funniest movie that I have ever seen . Never have I laughed so hard ... never . All of the Jackass clips are hilarious . I ca n't believe that these people acually do the things that they do . I thinks it 's cool that these guys are so devoted to what they do , that they actually put their lives and health at risk just for the sake of having a good time and making people laugh . Now that 's a sacrifice and it is well worth it . I am not one who is easily amused or one who laughs out loud ... but this movie did it for me.Also , this movie is jam-packed with extra footage . You get your money 's worth with this DVD . It is definitely not a disappointment.Best scene
 You 've seen the show , and you probably think
 This movie was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.You 'd think it 'd be stupid but its so great ! Everyone should watch it ! I 'm definitely going to watch it whenever I need a laugh
 I was patiantly waiting for this movie to come out and I was not disipointed at all.All the stunts and gags were hilarious !!!! I laughed my ... off !!!! Sure some stuff in this movie are gross but look beyond that . Alot of people said it was stupid , childish and gross , well ... so is the tv show !! The movie is like the show only alot more outragious !! Watch it !!!!!!!
 THIS MOVIE IS VERY VERY FUNNY.PLUS JOHNNY KNOXVILLE IS REALLY HOT.STEVE-O , CHRIS , BRANDON , WEEMAN , AND THE OTHER GUYS HAVE ALMOST NO BRAINS , WHICH MEANS THEY WILL DO THE STUFF YOU ALWAYS THOUGHT WOULD BE FUNNY BUT WERE TO EMBARRASSED/AFRAID TO DO .2 THUMBS UP .
 This is basically just like the TV show with crazy ass stunts but longer and better , it features all the jackass crew Johnny Knoxville , Bam , Steve O , Wee Man , Dave england , chris pontius and the rest of them . there is some crazy stunts here and if you like da tv show you 'll like the movieKrayZ187
 Being a big fan of Jackass , Viva La Bam , and Wild Boys , I was very happy to see a movie of jackass . After watching 2 minutes of this movie u will already b rolling on the floor laughing . I only gave it 4.5 stars because there was 1 or 2 skits I did n't really think were funny.Here are my top 5 favorite skits :1 . Golfcourse Airhorn -LRB- Johnny Knxoville , Dave England , Ehren McGeney -RRB- 2 . Party Boy Japan -LRB- Chris Pontius -RRB- 3 . The Gong -LRB- Preston Lacy , Johnny Knoxville -RRB- 4 . Big Cone -LRB- Wee Man -RRB- 5 . Night Pandas -LRB- Steve-O , Preston Lacy , Wee Man , ??? -RRB-
 What can I say ? I love the TV show -LRB- one the of the few shows on MTV I actually do enjoy -RRB- . I loved this movie and I laughed hysterically at it . Why do people find these disgusting and stupid things so amusing ? Who knows ? Who cares ? It 's funny . I do n't feel as if I need to tell you what 's in this movie because you 've probably heard and if it seemed extremely disgusting and inhuman for a person to do then it was probably in this movie . The only scene I did n't enjoy was when he urinated on the snow cone then ate it that was disgusting and show of been left out . So should Chris Pontious and Steve-O . Minus the few select scenes that they have in the movie and shows combined I find them more annoying and disgusting than funny . As far as Knoxville , Bam , Wee-man , and the rest of the crew I love them and I hope they come out with another Jackass movie sometime soon . People know exactly what to expect from a movie like this so if you do n't like the shows and do n't like what you hear why watch it and post a review on it ? To me that 's as hard to understand as why people think this is funny . Whatever your preference may be -LRB- like Jackass or hate it -RRB- that still does n't change the fact that I enjoyed this movie . Am I stupider for having watched it ? Yes . Not all movies have to be thought clenching mind wringling Academy Award winners that make you tear at the finally . This movie was funny and if you find comedy in all types of this things then give it a try . You might actually enjoy it .
 `` Jackass
 The lack of overall plot and the ever-present love story that seems to be in every movie is a welcomed change . I guess thats all i have to say , everything else good has been said about this movie . Buy it :-D .
 Remember those movies that your parents warn you about when your younger . One of the movies your parent tells you not to see but you sneak into it anyways and see only half of the movie cause you and your friends were thinking of ways to get in the theatre without being caught . Jackass : The Movie is one of those movies . It 's one of the movies were anyone with half a brain will vomit or leave the theatre . One of theose movie that any guy between the ages of 12 and 27 will love and watch over and over again.First let me say this , no girl I 've ever seen this movie with has liked it . So if your a girl -LRB- unless your a fan of Jackass on mtv -RRB- I urge you to not even think about getting or renting this movie . Now Jackass The Movie can and will make anyone laugh . This movie will make the dumb -LRB- like myself -RRB- -LSB- urinate -RSB- there pants they 've laughed so hard . What 's the movie about you ask ? Well if you 've ever seen Jackass you already know . It 's about a couple of idiots running around doing stupid things to get paid . They walk around in Panda suits -LRB- in Japan -RRB- stick cars up there -LSB- expletive -RSB- , and even dance around in thongs . it 's alot of fun to watch and I guarantee you that if you have no morals at all you will laugh.While Jackass The Movie is extremely funny , it has no plot , no nothing . Thats why I only give it 4 stars .
 when MTV is not enough * which MTV has nothing * , Jackass the movie will leave you laughing for hours and will always put a smile on your face . Everything from Steve-o lighting fireworks from his butt , to Ryan Dunn sticking a toy car up his butt . Jackass the movie is a must have for all you Jackass and Cky fans . This is the stuff Mtv will never ever ever show on it 's network . Every stunt is funny as Hell ! most being sick . For example , Danger Ehern Peeing on snow and eating it , Steve-o getting paper cuts on the web of his fingers , and the Most funniest one , Dave England crapping on a toilet in a hardware store . This will make your day buy seeing this Dvd .
 Ca n't belive a stupid idea can turn into a work of art . Make a part 2 to this PLEASE !
 what a great movie ! if you like the show you will love the movie . if you hate the show you should pass on the movie . the movie is rude , crude , disgusting and hillariously entertaining . you get to see everything you could n't on tv . wasabi snooters , the toilet in the plumbing supply store -LRB- and the ride to the store -RRB- , getting beat up by a girl , shameful x-rays ... i 've seen this movie so many times and it never fails to entertain ! a couple of scenes i would n't say are boring -LRB- stevie o and the alligators , steve o and the pole vault , etc. -RRB- but it 's just that they are tame compared to other scenes in the movie . most of the scenes are outrageously funny and just a couple are funny but tame like the show . a couple scenes -LRB- yellow snowcone ! -RRB- are not for those with a weak stomach , and even i almost `` lost it '' , but this movie still should be watched from start to finish . invite some friends over and watch this movie ! you will be laughing for days after seeing it ! even my mom liked this movie !
 Excellent DVD ! Looks great in widescreen . The extras alone are worth the purchase of this DVD . Plenty of outtakes and deleted scenes.Not quite as hardcore as Ultimate street brawls.com But pretty decentAlso contains music videos with the whole Jackass gang . Along the same vein , there are also 2 great books available . the JACKASS book that is a counterpart to the movie and the book THE DISTURBED WRITINGS OF ADAM COCHRAN which is not Jackass related , but similar humor .
 I love this movie ! I love the MTV TV series but the movie is much better . So much more hysterical !! A lot of people are offended at the nude butts and some of the throwing up in the picture ... well I admit I close my eyes when Steve O throws up so much of the time . Another reviewer begged Steve O to stop with the nudes I ask he stop with the throwing up.I did laugh when Dave England poo poo-ed in his paints in the car and the camera man started throwing up . That was my favorite part then when he `` pooed '' in a toliet at an hardware store that sales them I laughed even harder !! The yellow snowcone was gross but funny.And I loved the part at the golf court when Johnny would blow the air horn everytime a golfer tried to hit the ball . That was hilliarious!The extra footage is wonderful ! The out-takes & the 30 minutes of extras are like having another 30 minute episode ! Lots of laughs ! Then the two music videos are neat too ... also in the ` making of ' segment when Bam ` passed gas ' on Wee Man that was funny too !! These guys are riots ! But I love'em ! Long live the Jackass ! Buy this DvD if you love a good laugh or like the MTV show .
 For a movie compiled of nothing more than a bunch of painful antics I laughed so hard I think I pulled something . Grown-ups should have no business laughing at this and yet I could n't stop . This is one of those movies where you can actually FEEL the bumps and bruises and falls and all-out pain they inflict . Morbid curiosity kept me coming back . LOVED IT ! Steve-O is a genious .
 `` Jackass '' the TV show should be on every station of every television in the entire world , 24 hours a day , every single day for five years . `` Jackass '' the movie should be the only film in theaters for the same amount of time.Why , you ask ? I 'm not much of a fan of the exploits of the `` Jackass '' hooligans , though I 'll admit to laughing out loud numerous times during this film -LRB- it takes the term `` guilty pleasure '' to whole new levels -RRB- . Nay , the reason behind the five star rating lies not in the aesthetic value of the film . `` Jackass '' is proof that in our PC world of opportunity and presumed equality , Mother Nature 's harsh law of `` survival of the fittest '' still prevails . It is sheer testament of her power.You see , any imitation of the stunts performed in the show or this film is merely Nature 's way of weeding out the less cognitively endowed . Johnny Knoxville and his accomplices are prophets , disciples , if you will , of Mother Nature and her ancient will to seperate the stupid from the astoundingly stupid , who include those certain individuals who lack the most rudimentary sense of moral direction in order to , for example , not set oneself aflame.In other words , the gene pool needs a lifeguard . `` Jackass '' is that lifeguard.Utter brilliance . Power . Perfection . The very pinnacle of human endeavor . Five stars .
 This movie is a laugh out loud , stomach hurting experience . I begged all year with my friend for my dad to take us on my birthday , were both still 14 yrs . It was so funny that i kept laughing all night even after the movie . You have to buy the dvd . most likely it will never get old . plus this movie has some squimish parts and some of the rumors are true with what they did the electrodes !!
 Jackass
 Jackass
 Jackasstronomical value ! This thing is just full of booger sugar and extra features such as bits that did n't make the movie , two tracks of commentary by the entire cast , director , and cinematographer , production stills , cast and crew bios , deleted scenes , outtakes and an alternate failed ending ! A must have for fans or as a gift for anyone you want to -LSB- upset -RSB- .
 I do n't care what `` critics '' say , this movie is HILARIOUS . I saw it with 6 of my buddies and we laughed so hard our stomachs were hurting the next day . I can not remember the last time I laughed that hard at a movie . If you like practical jokes , slap-stick , or pranks , you will love this . It is entertaining . THIS is the exact same stuff I did when I was a kid , and it 's hilarious to see it taped for all to see . My thought ? - you 'll either love it or hate it . It is n't everyone 's cup of tee . I mean tea . Are they stupid antics ? You bet your arse . Is it fun ? Heck yes !!!!!!!!!!!! Have some fun watching it .
 Oh boy , I have n't laughed that hard since i was a little girl . That movie was non stop laughter . These guys are pure geniuses . I knew the movie would be funny , but not as funny as i thought it was like 10x funnier . It 's great for people of all ages . It 's 90 minutes of non-stop laughter . From the Opening-to the end credits the movie was hilarious . I have seen it 5 times and every time i go it gets funnier.You better go see it .
 This movie is the ultimate in raunchy appalling humor , and I love it . These insane guys go above and beyond what anyone could ever imagine . From in-store boxing matches with Butterbean to air horns on the golf course , you can not help but love this film . It is however not for the weak of stomach , and if you find slap stick humor unentertaining or cheesy , I would not suggest seeing this film . For everyone else , it is a must see . The thing these guys do are what everyone dreads . They eat things that should not be eaten and bother people that should not be bothered . This film has to break every rule in the book , and because of that it gains my respect . Your heart has to go out for the guys who do these crazy acts , simply because they are willing to do absolutely anything for our entertainment , and their pocket of course . Why see a movie that puts you in tears of sadness when your could be wiping you face of tears from laughter ? Besides , where else could you see a 400 pound man named Preston run around the busiest streets in Japan just to give a midget the biggest wedgie ever .
 Finally some uncensored Jackass . The Jackass gang can now show stunts that stupid MTV woulde n't let them pull on TV . And it 's all uncensored . It 's just like the show except it 's longer , it 's on a bigger screen and they can show what they want . Do n't rent it . Buy it . If you loved the show then you 'll love this . The soundtrack is as good as the movie too . Tune in to see , Alligator Tightrope , Rent A Car Crash Up Durby , BMX Tug Of War , Sweaty Fat Fu * ks , Golf Carts , Butt X Ray , Party boy Japan , Night Pandas , Wasabi Snooters , The Bungee Wedgie , Roller Disco Truck , a great opening and ending and many more . The dvd is one of the best dvd 's you can get cause it has so much goods to keep you entertained such as , Additional footage which includes Pocket Ass Return , Sand Vagina , Seattle Skimboarding , Failed ending and much more , also on the dvd
 What did you fantasize about doing when you were 9 ? Lighting off firecrackers in your parents ' bedroom when they 're asleep ? Pole-vaulting over trees ? Launching a golf cart off a jump ramp ? Walking a tightrope over a pond of snapping alligators wearing only a jock strap with a piece of meat sticking out the back ? Wishing you were 30 so you could actually do it?Welcome to Jackass , a non-stop orgy of stupid human tricks . Hilarious stupid human tricks . Done by 30-year-old guys . Out of the minds of their inner 9-year olds , Johnny , Bam , and the boys indulge the crazy fantasies that most of us had , but were too young to actually do , and too embarrassed to admit thinking about once we were old enough to do them.The result is an hour and a half of pure ridiculousness that 's guaranteed to make you moan , cringe , roll your eyes , and howl with laughter.Sure , the themes get a little repetitive , as themes tend to do when you 're 9
 This movie was insane and funny . Everything the Jackass crew did was over the edge and hilarious . My only complaint is that some scenes were too long and I felt like saying , `` I get it . '' I think I would have enjoyed the movie more if I was n't sitting behind 2 chicks who would squeal `` ewwwww ! '' every 15 seconds . If you like gross and brutal humor , check this one out . This was more like CKY then Jackass but it was still good .
 This is a must own DVD for all fans of jackass . It 's 2 hours of non-stop laughing . The whole content of this DVD is hilarious , and its well worth the money you pay for it.It has all the usual jackass stuff and alot of clips MTV would n't dare show . It has everything , people getting hurt , observational humour , practical jokes , everything people love . The critics slammed this movie but as everyone knows , the critics are not always right . My biggest regret is not getting to see this when it was in the cinema ! 5 Stars .
 JACKASS
 Jackass made me laugh for the whole 2 hours of the movie . Actually , it 's not exactly a movie but rather a realistic stunts performed and made by the cast of Jackass the MTV show . Well , Jackass the movie rocks by all means , it delivers pure jokes and very funny stunts and moves . They always keep showing `` Do n't try this at home '' Warning description , well for God 's Sake , who in the world will try these at home , I am not insane like these guys :o-RRB- Deadly stunts and sometimes you wan na puke after you see them . Jackass
 Hilarious !!!!!!!!! Too funny for words . You should take some anti-depressants if this does n't make you laugh . -LRB- Either that , or you 're over 40 , but that 's no excuse -RRB- Get it . Share it with those who have n't seen it . Laugh . It feels good .
 knoxville , bam , dunn , england , steve-o , wee man , preston , loomis , raab himself , danger ehren , and ponius bring the comedy off the small screen to the big screen to very funny , but disturbing , results . some pretty nasty stuff like the bottle rocket incident are funny , but completely sick . the cast commentary is great and the deleted scenes are great , especially the rake yorn mustard assault .
 I think it 's one of the BEST productions I 've ever seen ... Not only for the stunts -LRB- it 's impossible to be blind-eyed-to-see !! -RRB- but by that great way to show us how without a little bit of skill , a group of misfits can make we laugh like no ever before !!! I ` ca n't avoid to laugh right now , Sir ... Oh , yeah ... I consider 'em -LRB- Knoxville 'n friends -RRB- as some of the best ... actors -LRB- ?? -RRB- ... well , natural actors ... bloody actors ... Oh , I wo n't do you get tired with my comments . I recommend this , to anyone ...
 I do respect the fact that young men want to be professional stuntmen and want to make some good money thanks to MTV Networks . I did not like the tv series , however I did like the DVD of Jackass
 this movie is so good . buy it , but only if you have a strong stomach.FINAL THOUGHT - Buy this right now
 Okay , so if you do n't like Jack Ass style humor , you wo n't like Jack Ass The Movie . Do n't blame the youth of today , or the degradation of entertainment or society . That 's missing the point here.I can testify to this . I 'm a college student , 24 years old , already have a full time job , and I 'm going to graduate with honors in June . Intelligence has nothing to do with liking this kind of humor . Larry , Curly , and Moe were once considered renegade comedians because they were what we now call slap stick . How intelligent were there skits ? Did they convey some quality truth and meaning ? I did n't think so.Jack Ass is something to accept at face value . It 's impromptu reality comedy at it 's finest and possibly most outrageous -LRB- although I 've seen worse -RRB- . If you enjoy seeing outrageous people perform outrageous comedic stunts , Jack Ass the movie is for you . Unlike their shows , they actually had a nice budget to play with . Which leads to some incredible scenes . I do n't normally watch the show often , but the movie was the funniest two hours of comedy I 've ever seen.There are some scenes that are pretty gross and can offend some people . If you are squeemish about taboo subjects and scenes or honestly do n't find any value in neo-slap stick humor , stay away . They are many scenes involving taboo subjects such as human excrement , urination , massochism , and sadism . If you 've seen Jack Ass before , you know what I 'm talking about . Difference is , this is uncensored . Clearly , this movie is n't for the timid . I think the fact that Jack Ass The Movie dwelled so much on these scenes is the reason I docked it a star . It really distracts from the funnier impromptu stunts that really shows off their creativity.As a side note to the naysayers , do n't criticize the people who like this style of comedy . I respect your decision to be a stick in the mud and you should respect other people 's appreciation of this nutty humor . I 'm sure Jack Ass bothers you the same way all the Reds fans bother me here in Cincinnati since I 'm an Indian 's fan and originally from Cleveland . I do n't call these fans dumb or uncultured . It 's a tough neighborhood to be in though is n't it ? It 's a matter of personal taste , not intelligence . You can write negative reviews of the people who like this movie till you 're fingers bleed , it wo n't change anyone 's sense of humor .
 Excellent DVD ! Looks great in widescreen . The extras alone are worth the purchase of this DVD . Plenty of outtakes and deleted scenes . Also contains music videos with the whole Jackass gang . Along the same vein , there are also 2 great books available . the JACKASS book that is a counterpart to the movie and the book THE DISTURBED WRITINGS OF ADAM COCHRAN which is not Jackass related , but similar humor . As for the DVD , an excellent purchase !
 `` Jackass The Movie '' is a sometimes hilarious movie made up of a bunch of stunts performed by a group of pranksters lead by Johnny Knoxville . I had never seen the MTV Show on which this movie is based so I did n't know to what extent these guys would go in order to inflict pain on themselves or others.The funniest bits for me were those perpetrated on Bam Margera 's mother and father . Dam setting off fireworks in his sleeping parents bedroom makes me laugh out loud as I type this.Also , Steve-O 's snorting wasabi -LRB- japanese horseradish -RRB- is a classic . `` Jackass the Movie '' will never win any Oscars but it is at times ridiculously funny . Do n't look for any deep philosophical world view here , either . Just enjoy it .
 If I were a commercial I 'd say , `` If you like Jackass the TV show , you 'll love Jackass the movie . '' Jackass is not for the humor impaired . It 's also not for anyone that lacks the ability to embrace their immaturity . There 's no plot . There 's no story . It 's just a long -LRB- approx .90 min . -RRB- , great Jackass episode.Personally , I think Jackass is/was one of the funniest shows on TV and the movie is no different . I laughed almost continually from the first minute to the last . When I left the theatre , my face and stomach ached from laughing so hard for so long . Jackass is truly a wonderful thing . I 'm going to see it again tomorrow . : - -RRB- If I was a movie critic I do n't know what I 'd say , but I 'm not so who cares ?
 i recently saw a special showing of the film , and even if you do n't like the show , you must see the movie , you ca n't even hear your own laughter over everyone else in the audience . when i left , my sides hurt , my face was killing me from smiling . a must see , anyone that does n't has no personality . must see !!!!
 KNowing what to expect coming in , `` Jackass '' fullfilled all my expectations and also surpassed them . For those who do n't know , they film is a string of short stunts by a group of very brave/foolish skaters who are constantly testing the bounds of their own destruction and torquing unsuspecting bystanders in the process . Imagine the old `` Candid Camera '' show on PCP . Yeah , way cool!The first scene made me fall in love with the concept when Johnny Knoxville with a straight face tries to return a trashed rental car he 's just used for demo derby and ask earnestly for his deposit to be returned.Other highlights are `` mobile roller disco '' , the human mouse trap and some of the stupidest -LRB- but funniest -RRB- destructive and dangerous concepts you will be glad someone else is doing.Editing is great , the director transitions from stunt to stunt without trepidation or hesitation . I could have watched another hour of this without tiring .
 In many ways , Jackass is everything that is wrong with TV and society today . Our voyeuristic ways have made us addicted to reality TV , no matter how lame and how stupid it may be . Jackass is lame , stupid , disgusting ... and downright funny as all get out . I mean , I 'm 40 and still found it funny , as sophomoric as it may be . All the usual cast is here
 Oh yes , I used to be a nay-sayer of the Jackass phenomenon . All i could think was , `` What idiots ! Who in their right mind would want to hurt themselves ? '' Then I acctually started watching the show and realized , these guys love it . It 's just naturally funny to watch people -LRB- who want to -RRB- hurt themsleves , acctually succeed and with hilarious flair . I saw this movie with two of my friends the day after Halloween and we had honestly never laughed so hard , or been so grossed out and we spent the rest of the day re-accounting scenes from the movie . If you are not a fan of blood -LRB- such as my one friend whom i watched it with when it came out on video -RRB- certain parts may be too gross for you . But even I was rocking back and forth in my seat screaming `` Oh my god ! '' , when the paper-cuts scene came up -LRB- blood does n't bother me too much -RRB- . Believe me if you give Jackass a chance and just take it for face value , it 's great . Even my friend who hated blood admitted that she liked it -LRB- and she is definately not the type to like thsi kind of thing -RRB- . As for the DVD extras i reccommend the extra scenes , -LRB- the failed ending was HILARIOUS i did n't understand why they did n't just put it in the movie -RRB- and the commentary by both the cast and Johnny with the Directors -LRB- both are hilarious , and i never realized how many injuries these guys had until i heard them go `` o thats when i broke my ____ '' -RRB- . All around GREAT MOVIE ...
 I know what you 're thinking . `` He gave 4 stars for ` Jackass ? ' This dude has officially lost his mind . '' But believe me when I tell you that I had NO interest in seeing this movie until a co-worker of mine INSISTED that I borrow his DVD and watch it . And , believe it or not , it 's way funnier than it ever has a right to be . Considering that `` Jackass '' has no plot or performances , it 's not really , in the classic sense , a movie and it should n't be reviewed as such . Based on the MTV show of the same name , it 's a random collage of gross-out stunts performed by a bunch of dudes , and they push the raunch factor as far as an `` R '' rating can allow . Some are hilarious , and others just crash the ceiling of good taste . Johnny Knoxville and his cohorts go through a series of wild escapades that are not only extremely dangerous , but also humiliating . Who , in their right mind , would walk on a tightrope above a lake of raging crocodiles and wearing only briefs ? Most of us would n't , but it 's perversely fun to watch these dudes try . Highlights include snorting wasabi at a local sushi bar , applying electro shock pads to various body parts , lighting up huge fireworks indoors at the wee hours of the morning , shopping mall boxing , climbing over literally hundreds of live mousetraps , rollerblading with `` rocket skates , '' and getting a tattoo in a speeding Jeep with Henry Rollins . Let 's not forget the discharge of several body fluids which I ca n't even mention . `` Jackass '' is n't a movie worth analyzing or dissecting
 There are two kinds of reactions that people will have after watching this movie . Some people will be horribly offended and disgusted while others will be laughing close to tears . Now I was n't close to tears but this movie was great . Sure it 's gross , sure it 's disgusting , and hey it 's also a little immature , but who cares ? It 's quality entertainment . This movie goes to show that you do n't need a plot for a movie to have a good time . This movie has incredible replay value and if you like the show , then this movie wo n't disappoint you . Sure your stupider for having watched it , but who cares ?
 I had seen the show `` Jackass '' before and thought it was pretty funny but at times just gross.It 's the same with the movie . Some of the stuff they did were just hilarious such as `` the shoplifter '' and `` butt x ` ray '' , while most of what they did was just plain disgusting such as `` Wasabi Snooters '' and `` the Yellow SnoCone '' . And of course whoever is doing the gross stunts is going to throw up , and i just ca n't stand to see vomit so I was very grossed out by this movie.But there are some very hilarious parts , also .
 This movie is crazy , hilarious and discustin -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . Johnny Knoxville loses his consciousness few times , get 's stitsches in to hes head and get 's shooted by a gun.There is lot 's of other bad injuries by Bam Margera,Steve-o , Brandon Dicamillo , `` wee man '' and the rest of the crew.I am a big fan of jackass and cky so if you are also a fan or just like it then i think you should bye this movie because its absolutely great !!!
 This movie was so funny and gross ! Every skit was funny , but some of the skits should of not been in the movie . However this had to be the best comedy movie of the year and will surely be a classic .
 I really looked forward to seeing this , I was not disappointed . This film is loaded with painful , stupid , and just plain idiotic incidents . Some of the funnier clips were at the end and were not included in the theatrical release . But just like the television series , I laughed histerically at some things but turned my head for others -LRB- ie
 The movie almost killed me ! After hours of trying to coerce someone to go to this movie with me , I finally made the 7:15 showing of it by myself . I was viewing this movie on an empty stomach because I had spent all my time attempting to find a person to go with me . After two hours of constantly laughing , not only had I pulled a muscle but I had exhausted my self from laughing SO hard . I stumbled out of the theater , my head spinning and my gut growling . Luckily , there was a Quiznos that shared the theater 's parking lot . If I had attemped to drive home in that condition , I would have surely died . And it was all worth it ! I ca n't wait for this DVD so I can tempt fate and tease death one again , from the safety of my own home .
 This was by far the BEST movie ever . You will laugh harder than you ever had before .
 The crowd for this movie was enormous , so it was a good thing I bought my tickets in advance . Every seat in the theater was filled , and I could barely hear myself think over the din . When the movie started , everyone quieted down for a moment , and from the first sequence on , I could barely hear the movie over the laughter from the crowd and myself . I found this to be one of the most funny movies I have ever seen -- I do n't think I stopped laughing for more than enough time to catch my breath throughout it . The stunts performed are all excellent , and they are all extravagant enough for the big screen . Knoxville and his crew wreak havoc , and many of the stunts occur in Japan . This was not a low budget film ; it must have cost MTV quite a small fortune . This film is intended for immature audiences only -- I doubt anyone that did not enjoy the show would like it , for stupidity is abundant , but some of the stunts are inventive . So if you liked the TV show , you will definitely love this movie .
 If you like Jackass - the Movie , you 'll LOVE gay porn ! Seriously . If you get off watching an entire movie of young guys naked , shoving stuff up their butt , playing with themselves , defecating , vomiting , urinating , eating their own waste , tying objects to and playing with their genitalia , and otherwise humiliating/degrading themselves its because you are gay - and into wierd fetish sex stuff - or are a closet homo , fighting with your sexual urges and confused about your identity.Take the scene where the guy urinates on a snow cone , eats it , vomits , eats vomit , other guys kick him and beat him up . Hmmmm . Ha ha . Funny . Really ... Apparently this passes for humor these days.What 's really funny is how this movie got by without an X rating . They used to call this stuff gay porn/scat/S & M ; , etc. , and you had to go to the local seedy adult porn shop in the sticky section to find it - now apparently its popular culture and `` Ho Ho , Ha Ha , gut-splitting HI-larious entertainment the whole country will love . '' Just goes to show how low Hollywood will sink to make a buck - and how irrelevant the MPRA is . What 's next - snuff films and kiddie porn go mainstream?A sign of the apocalypse ? Gee , you think ? Uh , Jesus , any time yer ready - do n't think we could get any more debased as a society here ... Anyway , like I said , check this movie out if you enjoy gay porn or latently homoerotic , wierd , masochistic , scat stuff - and make sure to pretend its `` funny '' so that people do n't confuse you for not being `` straight . `` Really , guys - this is the 21st century . Its time for Johny Knoxville and his army of jergoff , pent-up homos to come out of the closet . Society is a lot more open and accepting than you 'd think . The only thing these guys do n't do if bukkake eachother - yet , anyway - but if they do , make sure you pretend its `` funny . `` Being openly gay and having a normal sexual relationship is a lot more healthy than filming your buddies shove hotwheels in their rectum . Jackass the Movie is a case study of what goes terribly , terribly wrong when people with repressed and unhealthy sexual urges and identity , get messed up on drugs and alcohol and lose their inhibitions in front of a camera.Hey , if watching naked men do strange , sick stuff to themselves is what rocks your boat - that 's your bag I guess , but just do n't pretend you like it because its `` funny . '' Better yet , get out of the closet .
 This is my absolute favorite movie ever made ! You definitely need to get your hands on this DVD as soon as possible!The movie starts out with the whole JACKASS crew , Knoxville , Bam Margera , Wee-Man , Steve-o , Pontius , Danger Ehren coming down a hill in a giant shopping cart . It ends in a giant crash into a wall -LRB- when I was in the theater seeing this movie the whole place errupted with lauphter at the crash -RRB- A couple more stunts in the movie involved ALLIGATOR TIGHT-ROPING with Steve-O getting chicken stuffed in his jock-strap , and alligators biting it right out ! Then there was -LRB- my favorite of the movie -RRB- the HORN at the golf course ! Every time a person tried to take a swing , Bam Margera and Johnny Knoxville honked the Horn . The golfers did n't take it too well and chucked their clubs , and even swung a ball or two at the so-called JACKASSES . You can also look forward to seeing the NIGHT PANDAS , ROCKET ROLLERBLADES , EXTREME GOLF CARTS , THE RENTAL CAR , THE SHOTGUN , BOWLING , Dave England taking a dump in a toilete at the store , that was for sale , THE ANAL TOY CAR , and of course...WEE-MAN kicking himself in the head!Get your hands on this DVD as soon as you ca n't , and trust me , you wo n't regret it , and you 'll probably want ' t to watch it over and over again ! - TOM -
 Just got off of knoxville 's web site and it said that Paramount is going to do a Jackass 2 in Dec 2006 ca n't wait !!!!!!!!!!
 Anyone who loves this show is gon na go balistic over this movie . It 's basically the same kinda stuff , only more `` intense '' , not being made for TV and all . Laugh a minute with loads of skits . . The cone one with WeeMan and Steve-o as the old man shoplifter happen to be my favorites .
 I am a big fan of jackass and johnny knoxville ! I think this is one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen in my whole life , no it 's one of the funniest movies in the world ! I had tears in my eyes and running down my cheak , I was laughing so hard . You could watch it again and again and laugh your head off evry time . I love the show too , it 's beyond halarious ! These guys rock and they have one of the hottest guys in the wolrd - johnny knoxville !!!!!
 No matter what you think of JACKASS this is one extremely well-done DVD . Two commentaries , outtakes , deleted sequences , and the works ! If this interests you at all it 's worth the price of admission!Many people criticize the juvenile nature of the show , but face it ... it 's funny ! And jaw-dropping ! You wo n't believe the lengths these guys go to for a gag . Whether they are shooting rockets out of their rectums , boxing in a department store , or running around the streets of Tokyo dressed as pandas causing pandemonium ... these guys rock . They are n't afraid of anything . I 'm well over the target age here , and I find it very funny . Some adults do have a sense of humor . It took me back to my frat boy days ... I was more likely to do the party boy stunts than shove toy cars where the sun do n't shine .
 A Little Controversy Is Nothing . This Movie Is n't That Bad Other Than Some Stunts Where I Did n't Even Look . It Waz Hysterical Otherwise .
 I dont have cable but i 'd heard so much about Jackass from Johnny Dare on 98.9 the rock here in KC that i had to check this movie out . i laughed and winced the entire time and watched it 5 times in less than a week . I totally love Johnny Knoxville .
 I love Jackass the series , and I saw this movie in theaters , laughed the entire time , and knew I hadda get it on DVD . In regards to someone commenting about no female nudity
 I knew I was going to get my money 's worth as soon as I opened the cover and started reading the chapter titles - some of the more attention grabbing of which include `` Rent-A-Car Crash-Up Derby '' , `` Yellow Snowcone '' , `` The Bungee Wedgie '' , `` Ass Rockets '' , and `` Off Road Tattoo '' . It 's obvious that these guys will do anything - and I mean ANYTHING to get a laugh . And for the most part , it works . There are a few less-than-spectacular moments -LRB- Johnny Knoxville getting shot with a beanbag comes to mind -RRB- , but there 's some classic stuff in here -LRB- check out Dave England in `` The Muscle Stimulator '' or Jason Acuna as `` The Big Cone '' -RRB- . As has been said , do n't rent or buy this expecting anything but a bunch of morons performing gross stunts for our -LRB- and their -RRB- amusement .
 dont listen to all these old guys from the academy that say this movie is immature . they dont know anything about entertainment . everyone knows the oscars is a fix anyway . this movie is better than any hitchcock or any shakespeare.this is what a movie should be . please buy this right now , u will laugh for years .
 Im already a huge fan of the show . i watch it every time its on MTV , and i never get tired of it . the whole gang comes up with some pretty outragous stunts that made me laughed until i cried . But this kind of comedy isnt for everyone . You have to have a very srtong stomach for this one ! But worth it !
 I watch jackass on tv sometimes but have gone through this movie about ten times in 3 weeks . Very stupid and funny . Make sure to watch the extras and outtakes . I heard that it was primarily gross and disgusting . Do n't watch it while you are eating and you should be fine .
 Johnny Knoxville and his crew of crazy out of their mind lunatics bring their crazy and at time stupid stunts to the big screen in this feature adaptation of the popular but controversial MTV series Jackass . A crew of young men perform a variety of strange , painful , and often humiliating stunts for the amusement of themselves and those around them . The openning scene is a classic but funny ... with the entire Jackass crew in a huge oversized shopping cart with a gladiator like theme song being played while bricks come flying at them out of cannons at high speed ... it 's a perfect beginning and with Knoxville always saying '' Hi I 'm Johnny Knoxville and welcome to Jackass '' Some of the stunts
 Jackass , as most people already know , is one crazy show !!!! and thats keepin it calm !!! Jackass , and its simply mental frontman - Jonny Knoxville , are regulars on MTV , and it basically a tv show , with a bunch of ... , lets say mentally challenged , people who do crazy stunts , without so much as padding , ropes , nets or anything else you would expect , or hope to see , these guys are all out lunatics , goin hell for leather on anything that could , and usually does , hurt them in any way possible !!! So picture the scene if you will , Jackass - a hit show on mtv all over the world , the mtv boffins and executives , decide to approach paramount pictures to talk about a movie deal , stupid guys , crazy stunts , lotsa money to do these stunts , what do you have ??? a hit movie !! The main psycho 's , i mean professionally trained actors , include : Jonny Knoxville , Steve-O , Bam Margera -LRB- a pro skate boarder -RRB- and Chris Pontius , and a whole heap -LRB- literally !! -RRB- of other crazy kids.So , Jackass
 This movie is an emotional roller coaster !! At one moment you might feel ill because you witnessed something gross , the next moment will be laughing your butt off . Its immoral , disgusting , degrading , profane , BUT I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT !! -LRB- should not be viewed by young children though , maybe not even older children * LOL -RRB- This movie will surely manage to offend many people , including the not easily offend able , that is why I give it high marks . It is also actually funny , no jay leno humor here folks . If you laugh at others misery , like your neighbor stepping on a fiery paper back full of poop , then you might like this . Not for the weak stomached or hearted ...
 I just love these dudes ! They crazy ... white boys ! You will never catch any brothas doing any of the stuff in this movie .
 needed to replace my copy , good price , got it used for cheap , disc was in good condition plays great . no problems .
 For anyone that 's ever watched the show Jackass , the movie series is the absolute best . I think that this movie , the first of three is the very best , and most hilarious . Five stars in my book .
 This movie is as wrong as it is funny . Get a handful of your buddies , who happen to be nigh-fearless stuntmen and film yourselves doing incredibly stupid things -LRB- you know `` guy stuff '' -RRB- , things we -LRB- guys -RRB- all do when we are with out dumb friends , and especially if we have been drinking . From the giant shopping cart -LRB- who has n't wanted to do THAT at one point or another ? -RRB- to the taser -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- , this is almost two hours of fun and gut-busting laughter as we get to be voyeurs of a frat party gone wild . This movie is worse than its reputation . Do n't even bother watching it if you are the `` sensible '' type . It will just give you a conniption . However , if you are having a wild party and need something playing in the background , turn the sound down , the music up -LRB- loud -RRB- and pop this in the DVD . A good night 's entertainment is guaranteed .
 There were a couple of parts of this movie that were pretty disgusting . I think the Jackass crew sometimes trys too hard with the gross out factor . But overall this is hilarious . I little too much sausage for the younger kids though ! But is your 17 or over I highly recommend it .
 The `` Jackasses '' never let me down . They always have something new up their sleeves . I especially like Chris Pontius when he plays as `` Party Boy '' . That is so funny .
 i bought the movie because i needed something stupid to watch and it is just that . i enjoy stupid funny movies at times and so whenever i am feeling down i put this in and it helps me out . there are some gross parts of the movie just like in the show , but you would expect nothing less from the group .
 If you 're not familiar with the show Jackass -LRB- like me -RRB- do n't go into Jackass
 This is a movie that lives up to the tv show it was inspired by . It 's simply a lot of back-to-back gags . The special features are very impressive . I only wish they had re-incorporated some of the deleted scenes .
 jackass is the funniest show ever !! dont ever cancel it off mtv !! i love it !
 If you thought Jackass # 1 was awesome wait until Jackass # 2 comes out . I saw a little trailor on it on the internet and it 's so much funnier then # 1 and it 's much crazier then # 1 . I will tell you some of the stunts right now -LRB- and I swear to god these are all true -RRB- . The first one is when Johny Knoxville is blindfolded in a bullfighting area wearing a red t shirt when a bull comes out and just completely rams him . The second one is when -LRB- this is also true -RRB- when April and Phil 's house turns into a winter wonder land thanks to the cky crew , and Brandon Dicamillo decides to ride down the stairway and breaks through April and Phil 's mosquito door . The next which is weird is when Steve O is getting bit by what I think is a lobster . What 's weird is when Steve O is getting bit he makes this absolutely weird face . Another one is when who I think is Chris Pontius jumps off a trailor with one of those big exercise balls and does a front flip from the impact . Another one is really crazy when some person from Jackass is tied to this fast wire with a parachute on the famous Jackass lake and all of a sudden he just flies right out of the camera 's view . There are at least two more I want to tell you . One is when Johny Knoxville is on a jet propeled bike and flies right off of it in the lake . The last one is so crazy that no Jackass member would do this . The last one features Don Vito -LRB- That 's right the Don Vito -RRB- and he 's hooked on this dentist chair with Johny Knoxville beside him . Now Don Vito has a tooth that he wants out maybe . So they decide to do the old trick which is yank the tooth out with a string wrapped around it . Nothing out of the ordinary right . WRONG !! The twist is Don Vito is outside on a dentist chair and what the Jackass people decided to do is yank Don Vito 's tooth out by strapping the other side of the string on a car . So when the car starts running all you see is Don Vito screaming , and if you can pause it just right you can see Don Vito 's tooth about to fly out . You can also hear from this ripping noise . There are a few more cool one 's but you have to see the trailor for that . The final thing I would like to say is why I 'm posting this on the jackass # 1 movie . The reason is that Jackass # 2 is n't on amazon.com yet .
 i like jackass.It 's my favorite TV show , excuse me if i 'm writing incorrect words because i 'm arabic -LRB- lebanese -RRB- .
 I wasnt too familiar with jackass ... Id seen snippets on MTV ... and last year I was staying at a Hotel and I was like ... what the heck Ill buy this movie . Wow ... just totally outrageous . The stunts these guys pull are just beyond belief !!! So for those of you who like wild outrageous movies ... get this one . Its wild ... its a classic ... its Jackass .
 This is a must see for any CKY fan . -LRB- ... -RRB- I saw this movie in the theater and it was even funnier when the audience is on the same wave length . Buy it and put it in your library .
 A True American Masterpiece of the Generation!One person posted a one-star review below with the title `` If You Think This Is Entertainment , USA Society in Trouble ! `` There is no doubt in my mind it is the same kind of people who enjoy and offer five-star ratings for `` Two Weeks Notice '' or `` Pretty Woman '' kind of films , in which Harvard Law graduate meets billionaire executive and prostitutes look just like Julia Roberts.U.S . society is already in trouble with overpopulation of hypocrites like him , whose pathetic and false sense of reality is completely manipulated by the ignorant Hollywood.This is a film in an era -LRB- most appropriately described by the great George Carlin -RRB- , in which everyone is a germ and/or safety freak , in which children are told to wear helmets for everything except jerking off . Everyone could somehow feel his sense of self weaken to a degree that the positiveness of our value should be that of the views of mainstream media on what is beautiful and what is good . Otherwise , we are not normal.This film is just what our society needs at a time like this . It does not narrowly mean what America is , but it certainly does its part to represent America as the only place in the world where men do not resemble machines and can think and laugh freely .
 One of the top ten shock movies you will see , I highly recommend it for you library . Bam is great in it , just as good as Y2K .
 This is by far the funniest , greatest movie i 've ever seen . The ending actually made me sad because at that moment I new that the Jackass legacy was over . I honestly consider myself the biggest Jackass fan in the world , considering that i have every episode on dvd and every cky movie , although Jackass the Movie is much better than any of the CKY movies . The funniest parts are the golf carts , party boy japan , and the air horn at the golf course . Buy this movie and watch it ofter . P.S. CHRIS PONTIUS RULES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is not a movie ... this is just a really long episode ... & a hilarious one at that . If you like the show , you 'll like the movie , or vice versa , & enuff said about that . Seeing it in the theater reminded me of seeing Beavis & Butthead Do America ... everyone laughed at the same things -LRB- loudly -RRB- , & there was ALWAYS someone laughing . And the audience was mostly my age , 20-somethings . This is NOT a family film , lol , I ca n't believe someone commented about families walking out of the film !! But I agree , these guys are doing this purely for our own entertainment , what other reasons do you need ?? These guys live for shocking people , & just when you thought you could n't imagine them doing anything more crazy , just watch this movie .
 I HAVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THIS BEFORE , IT WAS THE BEST , FUNNIEST MOVIE IN 2002 , I DO N'T THINK STEVEN SPIELBERG COULD HAVE DONE A BETTER JOB . I LAUGHED FROM THE MOMENT I WENT IN TO THE MOMENT I LEFT . I CA N'T WAIT FOR IT TO COME OUT IN THE STORES TO BUY . JACKASS IS A MUST-HAVE . THIS PEOPLE DESERVE AN OSCAR FOR A JOB WELL DONE . SO IF YOU WANT TO LAUGH YOUR ... OFF I SUGGEST YOU GET THIS BABY HERE , YOU WO N'T REGRET IT .
 The problem with Jackass is that it is not your run-of-the-mill comedy . As a result many people write it off as -LSB- junk -RSB- . They do n't think about all the creativity involved . They think Seinfeld is the end-all-be-all of comedy -LRB- i.e. they think obvious humor with little creativity is the best -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , I do actually like Seinfeld . And while this will seem ridiculous to many -LRB- close-minded -RRB- groups , Jackass is way ahead of its time .
 my friends and me were talking and we decided taht Black Curtain Theatre -LRB- the group we formed -RRB- wouldnt be enough to get us noticedc . We 're going to get a video camera and film stunts and prnks we do and sell it to tv . Probably cable . My friedns want to call it HIGHJINX cause they smoke pot which is something i dont ' believe.And if you think this wont help our acting careers it will . Johnny Noxvillea and Ashton got THERE start , Peo-ple doing prank shows on MTV.I keep trying to get acting parts tin locat theatre but my teacher says there arent any for my stile of acting which is methodic like Penn and Denero !! So watch for STUNTZ on tv and see me and then in a few yeras i 'll blow up !!!!
 If you have seen the previews for Jackass and dont want to go see it yet , you have no personality . It looks ten times funnier than the t.v. show that sends me rolling on the floor laughing . My and my best buddy Lyndsey will be there the second it opens .
 When Jackass hit the MTV airwaves , it made waves across all of pop culture . The guys from underground sensation CKY -LRB- Bam Margera , Brandon DiCamillo , Ryan Dunn , etc. -RRB- teamed up with Johnny Knoxville 's group to produce three seasons of one of the most outlandish , outrageous , and hilarious shows of all-time . After their controversial , highly-rated MTV run , the guys decided on a new venture . They announced a movie that , they claimed , featured all the stunts they `` were n't allowed to do on television '' . As frightening as that statement was , it turned out to be true!All the things that Jackass fans wanted to see but knew they could n't during the years on MTV come to life ... uncensored . From renting a car and using it in a demolition derby -LRB- incidentally the FIRST scene of the movie -RRB- to Ryan Dunn getting beat up by a girl to Steve-O firing off bottle rockets from a body orifice that was n't created for that purpose , the Jackass crew goes all out for 90 minutes plus on the big screen . The best sign of how good it is
 you will not like this movie . If the Oscars actually gave awards based on what people really think , this would have won . My face hurt when I left the theater from laughing so hard , and the dvd is better ! If you like the television show and the CKY series , you will love this .
 `` Jackass
 I Ca n't Believe they really did this stuff on tape . These people in this movie truly earn the name jackass . It was sometimes funny and sometimes you would have to look a second time to see if they really did it.TO ANYONE THAT SEE 'S THIS , THOSE PEOPLE ARE REAL IDIOTS , DO N'T TRY THAT STUFF AT HOME ...
 I 'm sorry but Jackass is the funniest show in television history , and this movie takes the cake as the funniest motion picture . What these guys put themselves through to make people -LRB- and themselves -RRB- laugh is unbelievable . ... I 'm glad they 're finally releasing the MTV series on DVD , I 've already watched my VHS dubs to death and they 're still funny .
 Let 's face it , this is a gay soft core porn flick . These guys are cute , nude , a great deal of the time , and are fixated on their anuses . Rip Taylor 's cameo at the film 's end is the clincher .
 This movie was so ... awesome ! I was so bummed when they took the show off the air -LRB- stupid idiots lighting themselves on fire ! -RRB- . I swear , I almost threw up like 15 times watching this movie . The snow-cone ! No !! I do n't think I 've laughed so hard watching a movie ever !
 Being a fan of the show on MTV , I was first in line to see the movie opening day . It made me laugh so hard I almost cried ! A few scenes get a little out of hand , even for me and you very well may have to avert your eyes while one jackass eats a yellow snowcone and another takes a ... in a display toliet at a hardware store , BUT over all , it is the funniest movie you will see all year , maybe ever ! The hilarious factor is off the charts !! See it today , I insist !! Even if you do n't think it is funny , Johnny Knoxville is gorgeous enough to make you forget you just saw a guy snort wasabi up his nose :-RRB- ENJOY !
 I guess that 's all I can say :-RRB- . This was , without a doubt , the BEST movie of 2002 along with Orange County and Austin Powers 3 . So many funny parts I do n't know where to start - I liked the `` Yellow snow cone '' , the `` wedgie '' , the golf carts , the `` toy car '' , and hearing Bam Margera 's mom -LSB- swear -RSB- was a pleasure :-RRB- . and nothing 's more fun than watching Bam torture his dad with fireworks in the middle of the night . :-RRB- And of course , watching Johnny Knoxville get beat up by a Japanese female wrestler , HAHAHAHA , never laughed that hard in a theater since I first saw the South Park movie . PLEASE , see this movie - This is WAY better than any of the CKY movies -LRB- I like CKY too , but this outrules em big time ! -RRB-
 Lord this was a hilarious movie . I see a lot of mixed reviews on it , and I think I understand the problem . People who do n't like the TV show , should NOT be watching the film . The fact is that it is stupid , gross-out humor , and if you do n't like it , do n't watch it . Do n't think of this as a film , but more of a joyride for an hour and a half with a few of your buddies , out for some hilarious hijinks . People are so appaled by the content of the film , and I just do n't understand why they 're even there in the first place . I saw families with kids stand up and walk out of the theater . WHY WERE THEY THERE IN THE FIRST PLACE ?! The point of this movie is to get a laugh in any way possible . If you do n't think it 's funny to see people get hurt , then do n't watch it . If you do n't like gross out humor , then do n't watch it . If your friend wants you to see the film , and you think the TV show is sick , then for GODS SAKE , DO N'T SEE THE MOVIE . But , if you 're like the rest of us , and you think it 's funny to see what the Jackass guys will think up next , then go see this movie right away ! It was well worth the money , and I 'd gladly see it again .
 I pride myself on being a cinephile , yet , despite that , I love this film . It 's hilarious . It 's just a 90 minute version of the TV show , and it 's brilliant . No effort is made to connect the stunts with some lame story , and I think that 's the best way to make a film like this . Can you imagine if they tried to tie in a love story or something lame like that ? Ack ! My favorite stunt is the golf course airhorn . Being a very crappy golfer myself , the few times I have ventured on a golf course , I was met with derision and contempt by my fellow golfers . I slice terribly , usually into other fairways , pissing off the other golfers . It 's so much fun annoying golfers . Golfers are such pricks ! Screw them ! They 're all like Ted Knight 's character from Caddyshack . I thought Johnny and the boys were too nice to them ! The rest of the film is great , too , but I adore the golf course scene . Could watch that every day for the rest of my life -LRB- and beyond -RRB- . Go Jackass !
 Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts !!!!! It really hard to describe this movie , but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection !!!!!!
 OK , if you 're bracing for me to claim that `` Jackass '' belongs in the company of `` Schindler 's List '' or `` Godfather , '' you can relax ... But this movie -- and the show that led up to it -- is far more important and meaningful than its surface would indicate.First off
 THIS MOVIE IS FOR ANYONE WHO NEEDS TO LAUGH ! NO OVERPAID ACTORS IN THIS FILM , JUST A GROUP OF GUYS THAT ACCOMPLISHED WHAT THEY SET OUT TO DO . . MAKE THEMSELVES LOOK -LSB- stupid -RSB- WHAT A GREAT TIME WE HAD , I HAD CRAMPS FROM LAUGHING ! ...
 What can you say , if you like CKY , Steve-o , Jackass , Viva La Bam ... your going to love this.I think the giant cone w / WeeMan was one of the funniest things I 've ever seen in my whole life .
 If you thought the TV show was outrageous , wait 'til you get a load of the movie ... Yep , the outrageous MTV show now has its very own movie . `` Jackass
 Perhaps this is a sign of the end of Western Civilization , but it is one funny sign ! Of course , all the `` serious '' critics are wringing their hands at such low-culture slapstick , and saying it has no redeeming value . But then again , low-culture slapstick does have redeeming value . IT 'S FUNNY ! Frankly , when Charlie Chaplin , The Marx Brothers , and the Three Stooges were making their movies , they were n't trying to make high art , they were trying to make some money and make people laugh ! And so are the folks at Jackass . Yes , it 's dumb , but damn , it 's funny . It always makes me laugh out loud , especially because I grew up with guys who would do stupid things like that to themselves . Get over yourselves , folks , just watch it for fun , not for a social message !
 Jackass
 I rented Jackass-The Movie having only seen a few random stunts on MTV . I really was not into Johnny Knoxville 's brand of humor , but my son insisted that it was one of the funniest movies he 'd ever seen . He was right ... sort of . Some of the stunts had me laughing like I had n't laughed since high school , while others were looked so painful or repulsive that I cringed.I liked the rent a car demo derby sketch , the golf cart stunt was hilarious , and the part where the guys shoot bottle rockets out of their rectums was insanely funny . On the other hand , the scene where the guy eats a yellow snow cone made in part from his own urine was something I could have done without.As I might have expected , the reviews of this movie run the gamut from completely offended to totally loved . One reviewer who trashed the picture made a reference to Tom Green -LRB- who is not in this picture -RRB- which makes me believe he had n't bothered to take the time to watch the movie before panning it . Personally I thought it was for the most part interesting and funny although it does feature some totally repulsive scenes that will offend most viewers in my age group -LRB- I 'm 46 -RRB- . My advice is to watch the movie with an open mind ... and a finger poised over the fast forward button on your DVD player just in case .
 I had heard about Jackass the Movie and just never got around to seeing it . I 've seen most of the episodes on MTV and thought it was hilarious . Well , the movie is 10 times better , mainly because it 's uncensored . At roughly 85 minutes , I did not stop laughing at any point during Jackass the movie . Some of the stunts in this film are somewhat crude but hey these guys are willing to do whatever they have to do to get you to laugh . Airhorn Golf is friggin hilarious , as the guys hit an airhorn as unsuspecting golfers are in their backswings . Knoxville takes a nasty spill on a golf cart and is knocked silly which is fun to watch . That is n't the only time that Johnny gets knocked unconscience because later in the film during the shopping mall boxing skit he gets pummeled by Butterbean , gets knocked out and is in his own words `` slightly concussed '' . Alligator Tightrope is pretty funny as Steve-O tries to walk a tightrope over a pit of alligators with a piece of raw chicken dangling from his loin cloth . Yellow Snowcone is just plain foul , but funny . As is the sketch where one of the guys is holding in his bowl movement but finally craps himself in the car on the way to take a dump in a hardware store display toilet . The best sketch of the whole movie is probably when Ryan Dunn sticks a matchbox car up his heine and goes to the proctologist complaining of pain . He gets X-Rayed and you can actually see the car in his rectum . Now more then ever America needs renegade comedy and Johnny Knoxville and his crew of maniacs are writing the bible of extreme comedy before our very eyes . Highly Recommended .
 When all is said and done , Jackass is something that either appeals to your sense of humour , or does n't . It 's as simple as that . If you loved the TV series , you 'll adore the movie . If you did n't like the TV series , do n't even bother watching this . It 's exactly the same , although the movie stunts are a little more extreme.If your sense of humour revolves remotely around intelligence or your films to challenge and engage you intellectually , forget this . Do n't even bother with it . On the other hand if you are prepared to put your intellectual pride to one side for an hour or so and engage the same sense of humour you had before you got a responsible job , mortgage , kids and all the other outlook changing responsibilities of life , do yourself a favour and see this movie . Not everyone in adulthood can still laugh at the puerile and stupid things that would have had them howling as kids , but for those of us that can , this movie is a treat.When I first saw the movie , the golf cart scene had me literally rolling around on the floor in tears . I have n't laughed so hard for years . It 's one of those rare Jackass stunts that clearly goes wrong at the end , but that just makes it even more amusing . Other personal favourites are the scenes involving the `` old guys '' including Shoplifter and the guy falling asleep on his electric cart in the middle of the busy intersection . Puerile and stupid , but if your sense of humour extends to that , you can not go wrong.As with the series , some of it is hilarious , some of it makes you cringe , and some of it is just plain sick . However , it is a breath of fresh air in our litigious society where people are increasingly shrinkwrapped in cotton wool for fear of personal injury lawsuits . These guys went against the grain and made a lot of money , and gained international recognition by enjoying themselves , acting like total idiots and entertaining others . Whether you like them or not , it 's impossible not to respect them for it.Good , unpretentious fun . Well worth it .
 They say on this DVD a lot that it is really different from the tv series , when it really isnt . but i still think it is really funny , its really worth buying . it has a lot of footage and a lot longer then a half-hour show . it has some input from bam margera himself and a few other people . Buy itif your a jackass fan !!
 I bought this movie without ever seeing it and I was glad I bought it . It made me laugh so hard I could ` nt breathe . This movie is just a lot of short stunts that will have you laughing every time you see them . I recommend this movie for any fans of the show or MTV . You will never stop laughing when you see this.SPECIAL FEATURES ON DVD : - Commentary by Johnny Knoxville , director , cinematographer-Commentary by Cast group -LRB- commentaries are very informative and funny also , I can watch the whole movie over again with same commentary , they tell you a lot of why and how they did some stunts and a couple of secrets too -RRB- - `` MAKING OF '' - -LRB- 24:35 -RRB- - outtakes - -LRB- 7:11 -RRB- -19 deleted segments - -LRB- 27:51 -RRB- -9 promo spots - -LRB- 5:03 - trailer - -LRB- 1:11 -RRB- - `` If your gon na be Dumb '' music video - -LRB- 3:12 -RRB- - `` We Want Fun '' music video - -LRB- 4:10 -RRB- - Cast biographies-photo and poster gallery
 I think it 's pretty safe to assume that we all know the general theme in the show/movie Jackass . It 's just like anything that 's offensive . If you do n't like seeing things like people throwing up or being generally stupid , you wo n't like this movie . Do n't try and fool yourself by watching it thinking , `` I hate the show , but maybe I 'll like the movie . `` For those who can read all the reasons why this movie was rated `` R '' and feel they wo n't be offended or grossed out seeing such things , you 'll love this movie . Unlike the show where they occationally take a short break to show skateboarding clips , the movie never takes a break . I found myself slightly nautious at times , not because of the content , but because I laughed so hard my stomach went from hurting to nautious.For those who do n't own TV 's and have never seen Jackass , the general concept is this . Have you ever been sitting around and thought to yourself , I wonder what would happen if I ________ ? Or , have you ever said to your friend , I dare you to ________ ? Jackass is a bunch of guys who fill in the blanks and do them . Why ? Because the get paid a ton of money to act dumb , laugh , and not work regular jobs . Also known as what most people refer to as a `` dream job . `` Unlike the show , this movie has very little repetition . You do n't see the same joke done about 5 times throughout the show , making the movie only that much more better.Jackass is hilarious . No way around that fact . As long as you 're not easily offended , you 'll agree . The only stupid thing about the Jackass phenomenon are the -LSB- people -RSB- who know what the show is about , see it , and then refuse to shut up about how horrible it is . It 's like anything offensive . If you do n't like it , do n't watch it . If you claim you did n't know it was going to be offensive ... Move to France .
 The reviewer who wrote that it 's only funny the first time does n't really know what comedy is becasue I 've lost count of how many times I 've watched this movie and it still has n't gotten old . This is one of the few DVDs where I 've watched every bonus feature . Some of the deleted scenes should 've been in the movie because they are so funny . If you love stupid comedy then Jackass The Movie is right for you.The movie is basically just an extended uncensored version of the show but it has some parts that are so much funnier than the show . Watch out for the uncensored picture of Chirs Pontius 's Playgirl shoot in the documentary because I had the misfourtune of seeing it . The movie makes you laugh out loud countless times and you really wonder how far will these guys go . I 'm amazed that Ryan Dunn shoved a toy car up his butt but I guess the money was worth it . The rocket skates and the Rent A Car Smash Up Derby are just a few of the great skits in this movie . It 's a great send-off to the show and I hope its not the last Jackass movie .
 Film critics everywhere either refused to see this or abhorred it , but we all know most film critics like to touch themselves while watching worthless , boring `` art '' like L'AVVENTURA or MY DINNER WITH ANDRE . In the scheme of what is inventive and truly enjoyable , I 'll take Jackass over Akira Kurosawa or Jean-Luc Godard any day.Sure , maybe I 'm a little immature , but I know I 'm not a complete moron . The creativity and sheer audacity of the Jackass performers -LRB- Johnny Knoxville , Steve-O , Bam Margera , Chris Pontious , Preston Lacy , etc. -RRB- had me sick with laughter for 80 straight minutes , causing me to pause the film numerous times just to catch my breath.They total a rental car in a demolition derby and return it to the rental agency refusing to pay for the damages . They blow airhorns at a golf course just as the golfers are about to hit the balls . Chris Pontious terrorizes the people of Japan in a g-string and a bow-tie . Steve-O walks a tightrope over an alligator pool with raw chicken stuffed in his pants . Johnny Knoxville gets shot in the abdomen with a riot-squad `` less-lethal '' beanbag . There are bottle rockets tied to penises , experiments with electronic muscle stimulators on genitals , and some guy even craps his pants.It is , quite simply , one of the funniest things I have ever seen . And no , I 'm not going to justify my enjoyment with some haughty , multi-syllabic , sociological examination in a pathetic attempt to prove myself to other pretentious film critics . Taking a dump in a display toilet at a hardware store is funny . End of story .
 I sat down and watched this movie and found myself saying ... what a Jackass ! The name of this film is so appropriate that I could not stop laughing . It 's a one trick pony but , it is extremely funny and disgusting at the same time ! I found this DVD for under $ 5.00 and it was worth every penny with all the extras included . I give it 31/2 stars for making money out of being a total Jackass !
 I remember a book my father had , dating from the end of WWII , titled , `` Why Am I Laughing At This ? '' - and this movie left me with the same feeling , except that I really WAS laughing , sometimes to the point where I was crying!Some of the very best parts of the movie are the reactions of the people around these guys!My own favorites scenes were the snow cone ; the merry-go-round , the golf course airhorn -LRB- which is destined to be one of the all-time comic classics ! -RRB- and the falling-through-the-ceiling-at-the-office scene which follows immediately after ; but the tour-de-force is the toy car x-ray -LRB- be sure to catch the reaction of the nurse when she reads the x-ray ! -RRB- . I bought this , used , for $ 1.99 . It 's easily worth two bucks ...
 i love these , but am grateful i do not have a son to stop from trying any of the stunts . I love all the guys , think they are crazy-but they have brought me to tears from laughing so hard .
 These guys are just plain crazy ! Great movie to watch on depressing rainy sundays !
 This is a GREAT movie , but I have a question . If I download this , can I put it on my iPod video ? PLEASE answer this . You can just post a review here . PLEASE !!!
 In the Jackass tv show it seemed like a bunch of CKY footage from Bam mixed with the Dave England footage , mixed with Knoxville footage . This brings them together as a group and the thrills are much larger . I highly recommend this dvd , so buy two , and Dave England rules !
 I watch this movie any time I 'm feeling down and just need a good laugh . Sometimes it 's just fun to watch grown men doing dumb and crazy things that you 'd never have the guts to try yourself . The guys are very likeable and there 's a certain cleverness to the show in the way that they are always trying to one-up the stunts/make them more dangerous . A lot of thought goes into it.My personal favorite skit in the movie is `` Roller Disco Truck '' . I love the costumes , music and the whole set-up . Of course the skit goes totally wrong -LRB- nobody can skate in a moving truck -RRB- but that 's pretty much the point.Good stuff . I hope the sequel rumors are true .
 This movie is sadly the finale of Jackass . This is the last time we see Johnny Knoxville do those crazy shenanigans . Since he 's in Hollywood now starring in movies such as MIB2 . At least Jackass retires with style , it 's a laugh from beginning till end . I think it 's the funniest movie of all times.Jackass still lives on with this DVD and of course with the MTV shows Viva La Bam which stars Bam , April and Phil Margera , Ryan Dunn , Raab Himself , Brian Dicamillo and new to the faces of Jackass fans Don Vito and Wildboyz starring Steve-o and Chris Pontius .
 I am so happy that they are finally putting the greatest show , Jackass , on the big screen . Johnny Knoxville , Steve-O , Bam , Pontius , Wee-Man , and the other jackasses are going to make one of the funniest movies ever . Wheher its riding a shopping cart into a sidewalk or piercing your -LSB- body -RSB- together , this movie will make you pee your pants because IT IS SO FUNNY !!!!! If you like Jackass or CKY YOU MUST SEE THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie is what you will expect it to be and only a little more . I thought they would do more that could not be done on tv but not really . mabey 7 out of the hour and 37 mins of this would have to be taken out to put it on tv.But it was still GREAT ! Sure they showed some male nudity . but who needs to see that?This is REALLY REALLy funny , I hope some one who sees this movie and has seen landspeed would take the time to review it and compare the two.Thanks and enjoy your day.PhiPPs
 This is the best movie of the year . Buy it .
 Some tips for enjoying this movie . Guys do n't take your girlfriends to see it ; unless they 're drunk or blind . Girls , do n't go see this movie unless you enjoy the tv show or are drunk or blind . -LRB- if you are blind , get someone else to drive . -RRB- As for me personally I laughed VERY HARD . I wish the tv show could be more like this . But thats me Im into that sort of thing . I predict huge sales for this movie on DVD.There is no plot and the academy wo n't even blink at this movie -LRB- but oh if they did ! -RRB- It basically runs like an hour and a half long version of the TV show with stuff that tv censors wo n't allow . -LRB- which makes it more fun . -RRB- Oh and for those people who like sno-cones DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE !! You 'll thank me ...
 Oh my god ! I just got back from seeing this movie , and it 's all I can think about ! I loved the Jackass show on MTV , and still watch the repeats ! The movie is the show , but so much more . Crocadiles , thongs , muscle stimulators , men in make-up , golf carts ... the list goes on ! These guys are absolutly crazy ! Jackass is so fun to watch , because you get to see the things you ar n't stupid enough to do ! -LRB- At least I hope not , the reason the show was cancelled was because a stupid kid lit himself on fire -RRB- Anyway , go see this movie , unless you have a weak stomach , you 'd probably hurl from laughing , or from being grossed out within 10 minutes !
 Do NOT drink anything before you see this movie . One , you might-no , WILL-miss something funny if you go to the bathroom . Two , you will not want to get up anyway , and will laugh so hard that you wet your pants.I have not seen a film twice at the theatre since I was 12 -LRB- now 23 -RRB- . I do n't care if this was nervous or sympathetic or obnoxious laughter , there was quite literally a steady stream of it . It felt damned good . It is the zenith of prank humor , chock full of yellow snow cones , bungee wedgies , and using display toilets in hardware stores . Just choose your date with caution .
 This was hilarious . Its a good theater flick regardless of what people say . Nothing like watching it and cracking up along with everyone else in the theater ... good stuff .
 Yesterday was the opening day for the movie I had been waiting for for over a 1/2 year , Jackass
 OK , if you are reading this and havent seen the movie , it was amazing , go see it now . You 'll laugh your ... off , I know i did . This movie was so damn funny , some things were really sick , others were unforgettable -LRB- the car up the ... -RRB- . The whole snow cone thing was really disgusting . From the opening credits to the end , i could not stop laughing . If you love the show , go and see this , its so much better than the show . Steve-O 's tattoo 's are really great . With that , im done . It was an amazing movie , i hope they put it back on MTV .
 I 've seen Jackass on MTV and that was funny , but the Jackass movie is more than 100 times funnier ! I was laughing throughout the entire movie . I liked all the stunts they were doing including the shopping cart scene and the rental car bash . If you like the Jackass that is on TV , you 'll LOVE the movie ! I rate this movie a 5 + out of 5 because of its content . I want the DVD if it comes out and I want to see this movie again ! This is a highly recommended movie !
 I saw this movie with a friend last night , and I had the reaction I knew I would . I snickered some , and just laughed out loud as well . It begins with the whole Jackass crew riding a giant shopping cart down a highway , with cannons blowing concrete or something at them . From then on , you can tell you got your money 's worth.This movie has everything you see in the show , and more . It 's uncut ; cuss words includes -LRB- no big deal really -RRB- , and `` more man ... than you should ever see in a life time '' . Some of the scenes involve Johnny Knoxville & the Jackass crew renting cars and having a `` destruction derby '' time thing , then returning them , Steve-O and some other guy -LRB- I ca n't remember all their names -RRB- launching bottle rockets out of their -LSB- butts -RSB- , and from around their delicate little weiners , Bam setting off fireworks in his parent 's bedroom at 5:00 in the morning , and my two personal favorite parts in which the Jackass crew hide behind trees or bushes and blow horns at people trying to golf and when Bam , once again , attacks his parents by letting loose a LIVE alligator in their kitchen , and there 's still so much more.This movie also has many cameos from famous celebrities , like Henry Rollins , Tony Hawk , Mat Hoffman , Rric Koston , and some other guy ... sorry , ca n't remember his name ... Anyway , I was not disappointed with this movie , and I suggest you go see it , and see it with a friend , 'cause that makes it all the better . And stay after the credits for `` Son of Jackass '' ... it 's one of thr funniest parts .
 I used to watch this all the time and liked the soundtrack.If you 're somebody who does n't mind seeing people get hurt and/or sick , see Jackass the movie . This is different from the tv show dvd -LCB- volume 2 -RCB- and has nudity and locker language in it . When I first watched it , the `` rent-a-car-crash-up-derby '' was pretty rough including many others like the `` whale shark gummer '' and `` hardware store crap '' with `` yellow snowcone '' . One of my personal favorites was the `` rockets '' skit . It does tell you that you should n't try anything in this movie before it starts . -LCB- IT DEFINETELY IS N'T EVERYDAY WHEN YOU SEE A MOVIE LIKE THIS -RCB- . 5 STARS .
 Sometimes the stupidest things do the trick when it comes to entertainment . Jackass is a feature length version of the MTV show , but without censorship . The guys do some crazy things , some of which made me want to vomit or fear for their lives , but in the end , I really enjoyed watching this movie.The one stunt , where the guy eats a `` yellow '' snow cone almost made me gag . Being a biology major , I know about how much force different animals like stone crabs and alligators can deliver , and these guys were letting the animals bite them ... crazy . There are about 100 other crazy things that go on in this movie , so check it out , it will blow your mind .
 This is worst movie I have ever seen but I have to admit that is also one of the funniest!The movie contains a bunch of pranks conducted by a group of `` Jackasses '' who will try just about anything as long as it inflicts pain or can kill them . It sounds absolutely stupid but I could not stop laughing and I consider myself a mature , educated and conservative adult . You will wince in pain , feel a few disgusted gurgles in your belly , and feel totally offended but you will still watch the antics of these crazy dudes!So sit back and remember those old days of insane fun just because you believe your young and invincible . Everyone has been a jackass at some point just be happy these dudes are doing it for everyone to see and not you !
 This is the funniest film of 2002 , whether uptight cinema snobs admit it or not!All the Jackasses you love from the MTV series are back performing stunts no one would let them pull on television.The special features are great on this DVD ! The 27 minute additional footage is halarious !! I recommend this to anyone who loves a good laugh or just loves the show Jackass all around !! *** Check it out !! ***
 Words really ca n't explain how I feel after I watched this movie . I laughed so hard I thought I was going to collapse on the floor . The MTV show was great but very limited to what they could show on national television . The movie was a great way to let them do what they wanted . After bringing home I popped it in and surprisingly my parents got the biggest kick out of it . These guys went to EXTREME measures especially the stunt with the little toy car . They practically do wjhatever pops into their head . They can turn the simplest thing into the wackiest stunt and you will lose 10 pounds laighing so hard.I am not giving away anything from this movie you just have to see it for yourself . Need to brighten someone day , show them this movie and that will change them around .
 When I saw this in theatres I could n't stop laughing . I knew that I was going to buy the movie and I am so glad that I did . It is one that I plan to watch many , many times . It is stupid but that is pretty much the point .
 I had never heard of Jackass until a friend told me about it so I went and saw the movie . It is without doubt THE most incredible , hilarious and absolutely amazing film I 've ever seen . If someone asks you about it ... do n't even bother trying to tell them about some of the skits ... they wo n't believe you anway ... just tell them to see it for themselves . Impossible to point out a highlight because it was just hilarious from start to finish . The cross-country tattooing with Henry Rollins at the wheel was hysterical and will have you shaking your head in disbelief . If you only see one movie this year ... it has to be Jackass : The Movie . If you do n't get a laugh out of this , you 're already dead !
 I was laughing so hard that I was literally slapping the back of the total stranger sitting in front of me in the theater ... that 's how hysterical this movie is . From the first scene to the last , you 'll be laughing . I am hard pressed to come up with another movie that made me laugh continously through the entire movie ... and I 'm talking `` no chance to come up for air '' kind of laughing . I will OWN this movie and watch it over and over and over . If you liked Jackass on MTV , you 'll absolutely cry laughing when you see the movie . Trust me , you 've never seen anything like this on the `` big screen . '' ENJOY !
 You ca n't say there has been any other film that has made you laugh so hard your stomach hurts , pee your pants , and almost puked all of laughter ! There is no other movie that will make you laugh harder , see it . One piece of advice though
 ... this the funniest movie I have ever seen . Like when party boy and steve-o humped a whale shark with shrimp in their pants or when Jonny rents a car and totals it in crash derby then reuturns it with 2 blow-up dolls in the back and runs off or oh well I could go on for days but i just like to thank the good people at jackass for helping me laugh.If you havent seen this you have never laughed .
 Let me start off by saying after I saw this movie in the theater I was blown away by what I had just seen , this is the greatest movie I have ever seen . I bought the DVD a few days ago and watched the movie again , unlike most movies , I could watch this movie a billion times and it would still be great . Favorite skits include `` the shoplifter '' , `` the gong '' , `` golf course airhorn '' , and `` golf cart antics '' . The extra features are awesome too . There 's 27 minutes of extra footage , some of which are funnier than some of the skits in the movie . There 's outakes , a making of , and commentary by the directer , cinematographer and Johnny Knoxville , and another by the rest of the cast . Buy this movie .
 Call it Truth in Advertising . Nobody who sees this movie can claim they were n't forewarned as to the content . This is humor reduced to its most crude and basic level as a gang of complete jackasses resort to a series of stunts , gags , and practical jokes that accept no bounds when it comes to bad taste in pursuit of a laugh . A typical scene is one where two of the Jackasses find new ways to play with bottle rockets . One , wearing only a thong , inserts the stick end into his rear -LRB- this distinction being worth pointing out inasmuch as , with this crew , it 's entirely conceivable for them to insert it to fire in the opposite direction -RRB- and lights the fuse while the other stands waiting nearby , the rocket tied to his , uh , member with some dental floss . Needless to say , you wo n't see stuff like this on PBS , and if your tastes in humor run more toward Woody Allen or Garrison Keillor , you might want to give this movie a pass.As for the rest of us , it 's really a question of how high your threshold for watching humiliating , disgusting , or painful behavior happens to be . My own reaction was mixed . Some of it was too much , most notably the Yellow Snow Cone and the Hardware Store Toilet scenes , the latter was so gross that the cameraman started barfing -LRB- all dutifully recorded on film , of course -RRB- . Others , like the Riot Gun Ammo and Paper Cut scenes , seemed to `` celebrate '' the ability to withstand pain as opposed to actually being funny . Some struck me as just dumb , including most of the Japan footage . Still , there was plenty of good stuff , my favorites being the Golf Course Air Horn , the Alligator in the House , and Tropical Pole Vaulting . Some stuff , like Waking up Dad at 1 AM with a barrel of exploding firecrackers , then doing a repeat a few hours later in his van as he 's about to leave for work , succeeds by virtue , not of cleverness but sheer , mindless audacity and others , like a five second shot concerning a Jackass , a mini-trampoline and a ceiling fan , work because they 're completely unexpected . It must also be noted that the DVD offers up real value , both in the form of deleted scenes , many of which are better than the ones that were left in , and in the two accompanying commentary tracks featuring the filmmakers and the Jackasses themselves . The bottom line is this movie is all about reveling in pure mayhem and wretched excess , so do n't look for any Oscar worthy acting or direction , since the only awards these guys are likely to qualify for are the Darwin Awards.RatingJudged by `` normal '' movie standards
 With the series cancelled because of moronic senators , brainless parents , who find it easier to blame others than themselves for their kids lighting themselves on fire -LRB- seriously is it that hard to teach little billy that lighting yourself on fire is a bad idea -RRB- they decided to take it to the large screen with stunts even funnier and more outragious than the show . Jackass the movie is really a split down the middle . You either love it or hate it . I found the movie was as funny if not funnier than the show , -LRB- although the cky video 's are even funnier -RRB- . With stunts like the rent-a-car smash up derbie , and the golf carts , it made me laugh and repulsed others . Even the urine snow cone had it 's charm , -LRB- even though it still haunts me -RRB- there is also a lot of stuff that is so outragious that you will not believe how crazy those guys are . Anyway I highly reccomend Jackass the Movie , and you should also check out the cky video 's .
 This movie was funny plain and simple but there were parts for example the part when one of the guys -LSB- defecated -RSB- inside a plumbing store , Steve-O 's ... rockets and the ... snowcone were the funniest bits I had ever seen ! This is a must have dvd with outtakes and behind the scenes footage to keep the laughs rolling for nearly an hour after the main feature . Great for after party gags !
 I loved it ! Not much makes me laugh out loud !!! This did!Always a Jackass fan ... I 've been somewhat disappointed at times in the past by the picture quality . NO MORE ! There is a comment by Knoxville in the special features on how they `` Choose '' the film they used . Seems to have paid off , the clean crispness of the film rocks ! The crue all rock and the music is great!The uncensored insanity is as nauseating & offensive as always and then some , everything I hoped for . I was most impressed with the original cast all being there , and loved seeing Preston chase WeeMan ... I NEVER get enough of that -LRB- 0
 First off , let me say that I laughed so hard that I gave myself a migrane headache ! Although there were a couple of segments that were rather boring , the rest of the movie more than makes up for it . I was about an hour into the DVD when my girlfriend got home and she watched the rest of the movie with me . Although she * was * not a huge Jackass fan , she laughed so hard at the last 20 minutes or so of the DVD that she insisted I start the DVD over so she could watch it from the beginning.I think I laughed the hardest at their golf course antics . But I must say that watching Party Boy dancing around that department store in Japan was an absolute riot . Let 's not forget that the look on Johnny Knoxville 's face after Butterbean knocked him out in that department store was priceless . Oh , and what about Ryan Dunn getting the x-ray ? I know I will never look at Hotwheels cars the same way again.This is a must see for any Jackass fan . Or better yet , this is a must see for anyone looking for a really good laugh .
 haha this movie was funny ! unless you dont have sense of humor and take everything serious dont watch it other then that watch this when your high !
 I have been awaiting the day for this movie to arrive !! My money is saved , and ready to buy it when it comes out ! Im a HUGE fan of Jackass , and a huge fan of the movie ! I wish they would 've never taken the show off MTV ! ...
 Have you ever had a really good laugh at a movie ? Well if you have do read on and if you have n't do read on . `` jackass the movie '' is a movie that is not for the light hearted but it is guaranteed to make you laugh . If you do n't laugh at least once during this movie then you have no real sense of humor . All of it may seem stupid at some points but it is really really funny . Even though this is a comedy , people should still get the widescreen DVD because it will show you every single aspect of the movie . See this movie now , it is really really funny .
 jackass is the funniest movie I have seen in years !! Be warned - you will not enjoy this film if you are an uptight , haughty or aloof pogue who can not unwind your mind for a few minutes . Lighten up , go see it with an open mind and you will be howling with laughter . Think of Super Dave Osbourne on amphetamines . Johnny Knoxville and team are absolute physical comedy geniuses . Henry Rollins has a hilarious cameo . Not recommended for the squeamish . Be sure and get a sno-cone before the movie !!!
 I ca n't remember laughing this hard in a movie . Those guys are crazy , yet equally brilliant . It takes a lot of creativity to do what these guys do and I enjoyed watching them perform these wacky and hilaroius stunts . I am still recovering from the papercuts scene and the golf coarse airhorns , that was priceless .
 well , now you can . quite frankly , jackass is the funniest movie i have ever seen . and if you ask anyone who 's seen it , measuring funny by laugh-amount , they 'll say the same thing . the intro to the movie alone is worth the ticket price , the rest is icing on the cake . granted , most of the jackass stunts revolve around self-destructive and reckless behavior . but what are you worried about ? you 're not going to dislocate your shoulder from your movie chair . just sit back and enjoy . seriously , after this movie all of the jackass members deserve worldwide celebrity . they are all total heros . no spoilers here , just go see it . trust me !
 This is a great movie . A movie that shows you everything you wanted to see in a comedy . Dick and Fart jokes rule ! See this film because it rocks . Give it a chance and you 'll love it . Trust me :-RRB- lol
 WOW i have never laughed that hard in my life ! It was better than super troopers ! If you enjoyed the Tv show you will LOVE the movie !
 a lot of people are just not going to like this movie . too bad for them . because for the rest of us , the insane stunts and willingness of the cast to completely humiliate themselves for a laugh will remind you of the funniest class clown from your high school , with all inhibitions removed and amplified by the power of media exposure . it 's not high brow . it does n't compromise itself by even trying to be . but it 's certainly creative . the challenge was to create the most ridiculous , insane and discomforting stunts ever , and these guys more than met the challenge .
 This movie is wall to wall laughs , definately not for the faint of heart or kids . This hooked me right out of the gate with rental car crash up derby . That has to be one of my favorite bits , along with the waking bam 's parents up intermissions , and the Visit to the Radiologist sketch . These guys do the things that others just talk of , so that no one else really should do it . Check this out , it is funny . Of note , this version is the same as the Collectors DVD release , except the deleted scenes on are not edited back into the movie as in the unrated collectors edition , and there is no preview for Jackass two . So check this out , you will be happy with either version .
 Just rented this recently after seeing Jackass 2 in theatres . I never gave Jackass a chance 'til now because I thought the show/movies would be stupid but they are HILARIOUSLY funny ! I just ca n't get enough of these guys ! I 'm hooked ! The fact that all these guys are still alive just amazes me.After seeing Jackass 2 I 've purchased their box set & other DVD 's that they offer . Give me more Johnny Knoxville PLEASE !!!!! I want more Jackass ... when does movie # 3 come out ?!?!?!
 ok not only does this movie bring together the cky crew like bam margera and ryan dunn but they add steve-o , wee-man , and jonny knoxville . They pull the stupidest crazyiest stunts i 've seen . they have crazy reactions from the people around them and there 's life threatenting stunts that no one can do , and there hillariouse you 'll be laughing for the full two hours non stop it lived up to its expectaions and then some like the toy car where they stick a toy car up his ... well you 'll have to see but its def worth your time and money
 Mostly everyone by now has heard of or seen this movie . Most by now know whether they loved or hated it . I loved it . Yes they do incredibly stupid stunts but they are also incredibly stupid funny stunts . You see these guys walk a tight rope for the first time over some alligators , destroy a rent a car , and shoot bottle rockets out of their butts . Is it funny ? Yes . Would I try it at home ? NO.Also this DVD includes some great extras . The outakes , promo spots and deleted scenes are a must see . The commentary is great and provides some laughs . All in all , a must buy DVD for fans of the show or the movie
 Even if I had no idea what Jackass was -LRB- because I do n't see it on our local edition of MTV -RRB- , I just loved the movie totally . It 's like a gag comic movie that 's main purpose is to make the audience laugh . Unfortunately though , some of my friends did n't really appreciate seeing Johnny Knoxville and his friends hurting each other . But that 's the fun of it right ? I 'm sure that they know what they 're doing and I 'm sure that they 're earning a lot from it . This DVD edition is totally a must keep . I ca n't recommend it to everyone though because not everyone appreciates this kind of humor .
 The Jackass movie is like one really really long episode of Jackass , but better -- complete with swearing and nudity . Watching this movie I laughed so hard I almost threw up right along with the Jackass crew !! It was so funny , my stomach muscles hurt afterwards from laughing . Among my favorite stunts
 If you liked the TV show , you 'll love the movie . Funny , funny , funny . The extras are great too . Tons of footage not included in the movie , a making of featurette , cast commentary , filmmakers commentary , music videos ... It goes on and on . If I had one gripe about the DVD it would be that there was not a CKY performance or video included . You ca n't have everything and that is all I felt was missing . Please buy this movie . It is worth every penny .
 Jackass is the kind of movie that you really should n't like . Every time I watch Steve-O jumping headfirst into a rotating ceiling fan , I know I really should n't be laughing . But the Jackass stunts -LRB- most of them -RRB- are just plain hilarious . The movie has no real plot line , just a bunch of insane , sometimes gross , stunts all strung together by the ten or so guys who pull them off . The Jackass bunch walk around Tokyo in panda costumes , hang off trees by their underwear , pole vault into trees and lakes , and give themselves papercuts . Among many , many other things . They are , quite simply , eight-year-old boys . But they 're eight-year-old boys you love to laugh at . And the whole movie , they 're laughing right along with themselves . If you like a good laugh and do n't mind watching people hurl themselves into large objects and the like , I highly recommend Jackass . If you have a weak stomach for that sort of thing , do n't go near it.The DVD has tons of great bonus footage , by the way . Check it out .
 If you are a fan of the tv show , this is the movie you have been waiting for . It 's no-holds-barred ! None of the curse words has been bleeped out , and the fellas perform stunts that are just insane -- and that 's really saying something ! If you 've never seen the tv show , you will become a faithful viewer after you see this movie.The very best , not-to-be-missed stunts
 JACKASS THE MOVIE speaks volumes more than the film AMERICAN BEAUTY ever accomplished but it will never win a best picture award or even get a nomination for that matter . This film accomplishes what it sets out to do and that is to entertain and make you cringe . Not for the squeamish , and definitely not for children . A group of masochists -LRB- from the popular MTV show of the same name -RRB- perform a series of self-inflicted pranks and gross out humor that only the average person can only think about in their utmost horrid dreams and nightmares . These guys would have probably made the crowds watching the mayhem at the ancient Roman Coliseum aghast in horror . From eating `` yellow '' homemade snowcones , to papercuts on the tongue , to defecating in a display toilet in a plumbing supply shop etc. etc. , these so-called actors , stuntmen , or whatever you may call them manage to be entertaining in sick perverted way . In one scene , even the camerman ca n't take one of the stunts he 's filming and vomits while holding the camera . Somehow these guys manage not to kill themselves and a lot or if not all these stunts are sickening . However , we are relieved when they are triumphant but in the back of our minds we think `` one of these days . . ! '' . We are the most advanced society in the history of modern man , and yet we have the capabilities to come up with `` entertainment '' of this sort and people are willing to pay to see it . JACKASS comes through as an honest if not painful film and the decadence of modern civilization .
 Jackass the Movie3 .5 out of 4There is little doubt that Jackass the Movie will have some of the most mixed reactions of any film in recent memory . Some may even claim that it is one of the worst theatrical releases of all time ; a pointless parade of bizarre antics no better than trash talk shows or adolescent home movies . True , there is hardy a hint or artistry or good craftsmanship in this movie . Picking up where the television show left off , Jackass the Movie is a crudely directed series of short stunts and gags that are often dangerous and quite disgusting . Purists will wonder what the hell is going with American film when something like this gets the backing of a major studio.As usual , the purists will have missed the point . First of all , the raw stupidity portrayed in Jackass has been hilarious since the dawn of man . Is there any doubt that Shakespeare got a good laugh when he witnessed someone hurting themselves a wee bit as the result of their own stupidity ? Second , many of the stunts and gags performed by the crew of Jackass -LRB- led by American Hero Johnny Knoxville -RRB- are nothing if not highly innovative . When Knoxville , for instance , boxes the legendary freestyle boxer Butterbean in a department store , and loses miserably , the camera pannes to stunned onlookers . Equally stunned will be the audiences for this film . Why would a skinny man with no fighting experience want to fight a monster like Butterbean ? For our entertainment , folks . Innovative scenes like this give the folks their money 's worth ; the film never gets dull.Ultimately , however , what makes this film so memorable is that it is a celebration of friendship and good times . The fun and laughter caught on this film rubs off on the audience . What does this film teach us ? 1 -RRB- Stupidity hurts a lot , and these stunts should not be imitated . 2 -RRB- Life is too short to be taken too seriously . Loosen up and enjoy yourself , for Christ 's sake .
 I was n't really that keen on Jackass the series . I could take it or leave it and when watchiong the movie I really did n't expect much . I was wrong , I had n't laughed as much in ages.Sure , it would be easy to dismiss Knoxville and the others as mere idiots but , despite the MTV formula , the ideas are classic and recognisable to all who love slapstick - this is mearly a modern take on the Three Stooges , or Laurel and Hardy -LRB- though more painful ! -RRB- My favourite parts are when the kid sets off fireworks in his father 's bedroom or when Knoxville takes on tank-built boxer ` Butterbean ' in a department store -LRB- and gets stitches in his head as a reward -RRB- .
 I bought this movie about three months ago and I saw it three times that day . I loved it so much ... I think thi movie will keep you in your chairs for almost two hours . But ... why did I say alost two hours if the movie is one hour with twenty minutes ? It 's because there are special features and one of them are about thirty minutes of deleted scenes !! That 's longer than one episode . The deleted scenes are great and very , very funny . You should see the last one , a big ending , but is faild . But even though they should have put it in the end of the movie . The next day I saw it twice again , but one time was with the audio comentary . There are also two music videos , one by ANDREW W.K. who plays great melodic hard rock and the other one with Roger Alan Wade I think he 's called . Buy this one . NOW
 You know I do n't care what anyone else says about Jackass
 This movie is really really Funny ! granted , they do alot of STUPID things , but it 's just so funny anyway , the whole jackass crew is a HUGE LAUGH!Don ' t miss this one ! it 's SO FUNNY !
 Whether you 're a fan of Jackass or not , this is an excellent comedy film . The lack of extras on the dvd version suprises me , but if your looking for a good laugh , this is definatly the right movie to watch . My thirteen year old daughter , Natasha , has been a fan since day one ! All of the nudity is of course , blurred , but unlike the mtv version , the bad lanuage is uncensored , so I honestly wouldnt reccommend it to kiddies under 12 -LRB- unless you want them to grow up demented -RRB- ...
 We 've been watching Jackass re-runs forever on MTV and still laughing at them . Problem is though , is that they could n't do what they wanted to . So , they had to edit the show . But , here , we have a 1 hour and 28 minute unedited episode of Jackass put into a movie.Johnny Knoxville,Steve-O , Chris Pointius A.K.A. Party Boy , Bam Margera , Ryan Dunn , Wee Man , and the rest of the crazy comedic stunt cast bring you a movie that will have you laughing from beginning to end.The beginning was great with the huge shopping cart in slow motion with the whole cast in it hitting each other and getting hit by bursts of rubble going down a road.From there on in its outrageously funny.Besides tons of hilarious crazy stunts , you also have the toilet humor and your gross out eating things and puking them back out . Ex . Steve-O snorting wasabi . GROSS !!! But , its still funny watching them do these things.The only thing I found wrong with this movie though , was some of the stuff they did in it , was kind of boring . They could 've thought of alot more better things to do than some of the stuff they put in there . But oh well , I was happy when I left the theater.Overall this is a very funny movie for the teenage and college frat group.Adults probably would n't like it due to the fact they think its degrading and terrible to hurt your body in ways unimaginable.Hey they state a warning before the movie .
 This movie is very funny . Some parts of course are very gross , but what can you expect from these guys .
 I read many of the other reviews and I understand many thought the name is misleading and maybe is somewhat so , but that does n't detract from the spectacular performances by Robert Taylor and Dana Wynter . What 's so amazing is they capture perfectly and insightfully portray what it was like to experience the fear and lonliness many experienced in World War II . In all their emotional complexities of being away from home and family -LRB- Robert Taylor -RRB- or that of a loved one being off to war -LRB- Dana Wynters -RRB- , these two heroes begin by finding comfort in their friendship . As time progresses and the pain of war begins taking it 's toll on them , they find solace in each others arms . This romance is worthy of the classic movies like Casablanca and From here to Eternity where the same dilemma plagued Ingrid Bergman
 6JUN44 ... No doubt about it ... the greatest day in modern/world history -LSB- then -RSB- ... this movie depicts the lives of a few who lived in that momemtous moment in world/history ... Capt Robert Taylor , an officer and a gentleman but ever-so-lonely away from his wife and family like all GIs ... Richard Todd , a loyal Colonel in the British Commandos serving King and country with a maximum effort in combat ... Dana Wynter , the daughter of a stern English Brigadier , beautiful , feminine and in love with Todd ... and the guy who steals all of his scenes when the camera is on him -LSB- self -RSB- ... Edmond O'Brien ... his rakish portrayal as a blood and guts Lt. Colonel of a Special Service Unit to hit the D-Day beaches in advance of the enormous amphibious landing on that fateful day in Normandy ... getting back to O'Brien 's character which adds much to the military aspects of a egotistic loud/mouth and always looking for a headline that mortal combat is his rite of passage for his existence ... his bedraggled/return to a safe harbor after the debacle at Dieppe was totally real ... in a horse blanket for clothes and walking like he was on eggs/shells with that eternal thousand yard stare on his stunned kisser for having been blown out of his craft into the drink where he felt every German gunner was doing their utmost just to kill his lame-butt ... he never got to the enemy shore !! ... that 's classic combat , I kid you naught ... there are a zillion sweet romantic moments when Taylor ca n't get enough of Wynter -LSB- a torrid mutual cohabitation -RSB- is enchanting , yes , and even an enduring love ... it is wartime England as bombs/rockets rain down on most of the port cities facing France ... one must understand the frailty of human emotions to cram all the love and what it means to be love before one dies suddenly ... which , is very heady existence , that only here and now is all that matters is conveyed so wonderful between Taylor and Wynter ... even the officer
 I love this movie - always have . I guess I 'm more interested in the entertainment value than combat scenes -LRB- after all , `` From Here to Eternity '' is considered a classic and there is only a very small amount of combat at the end in that one as well -RRB- . Of course , I would probably like any movie that had Dana Wynter , Robert Taylor and Richard Todd in it . Do I think this movie is Academy Award worthy ? Of course not , but this movie is reminiscent of the old Hollywood love stories that I have enjoyed so much throughout my life and it has a wonderful cast .
 It was a good drama about what could have happened during the buildup and eventual invasion of France . I had hoped for a better ending , but that was the way things happened back then .
 I was myself surprised how much I liked this film . I expected an average war film with an average love story , both made in 50s style - and what I discovered was in fact a bitter-sweet war time romance , with the war itself being just a -LRB- rather well done -RRB- background to the story of a star-crossed love triangle ... Robert Taylor is excellent in this film , although at 45 he was maybe a little bit too old to play a young American captain just recently discharged from the airborne troops because of a serious injury in training . His character , Captain Brad Parker , is supposed to be still a young man , happily married since some time but as yet not having children . As he was affected to US Army Headquarters in London he left his wife behind in USA . I always liked Robert Taylor -LRB- `` Quo Vadis '' , `` Quentin Durward '' , `` The knights of the round table '' -RRB- and in this film too his talent made me forget pretty quickly that the actor is maybe a little bit too mature for such a role ... But the real star of this film is the lovely and talented Dana Wynter , who in 1956 was at the summit of her career , after having just played the role of her life in Don Siegel 's `` Invasion of the body snatchers '' . In this film she is stunningly beautiful and her character , a young British lady Valerie Russell , is simply charming ! Valerie is very intelligent , very well spoken , very distinguished but also in the same time quite adventurous and almost totally fearless . And she is a complexe person - she says at one moment in this film `` You see me as an angel - but I am really not ... '' - and this is a great scene.Valerie is more or less engaged to a distinguished young British gentleman John Wynter -LRB- this film being based on a novel , the coincidence of names of this character with the name of the actress playing Valerie was completely accidental ... -RRB- , who is a captain -LRB- later lieutenant-colonel -RRB- in British Commandos . John Wynter is played by British actor Richard Todd , who incidentally really took part in the D-Day , jumping other Normandy with his fellow British paratroopers ... This character is particularly likeable and quite impresive - a genuine leader of warriors and killer of enemy warriors , who in the same time is a very decent , gentle and a rather shy man in private life.But well , life is complicated , love is complicated and people are complicated . And by separating people for long periods of time and reminding them constantly how fragile and short is human life , war complicates things even more ... And therefore Brad , Valerie and John -LRB- and Brad 's wife , whom we never see , but who is very much present nevertheless -RRB- will find themselves in the middle of a very complexe equation , which will find its solution , in one way or another , on the D-Day , when both Brad and John will participate in the invasion . As if things were not already enough complicated , Brad will fight that day under John 's orders ... I will not tell you any more details about the story and I would advise against searching for them before watching this film . The final solution is , in my modest opinion , the best the scenarist could find and it is important to ignore it , as it is revealed only at the very last minute . The love story or rather love stories are very touching and wonderful . The lack of scrupules with which some characters are ready to betray the trust of their loved ones , combined with the charm of a newly born love are an interesting combination and in this aspect this film is NOT completely faithful -LRB- pun very much intentional -RRB- to the style of the 50s . Sideshow elements are also pretty good . Valerie 's father , an aging general who watches powerless as the country he once knew and still loves is changed both by the war and the arrival of powerful and wealthy Americans , is a particularly tragic character . And Brad 's superior , overambitious colonel Timmer , who absolutely wants to make general before the end of war gives to this film some delicious comic moments.I really liked this film a lot and I spend a very pleasant evening watching it . It is not maybe a masterpiece , but I had such a good time watching it , that I simply can not give it less than five stars . Enjoy !
 The title `` D-Day the Sixth of June '' is somewhat misleading in that this movie does n't center on D-Day . There is indeed a battle near the ending of the movie that involves a joint Anglo-American raid on a German position that precedes the main landing . The main theme in this movie centers on a war-time romance in London between an American officer -LRB- Robert Taylor -RRB- and a lonely English wife -LRB- Dana Wynter -RRB- . Their meeting begins innocently ; however , war-time circumstances , i.e. , he is away from home and wife and her husband is a high ranking officer that is heavily engaged in fighting battles . The friendly `` dates '' evolve into to affection then into a love affair.While all this is proceeding the American officer -LRB- Edmond O'Brien -RRB- that was to lead the joint operation cited above becomes incapacitated and has to be replaced . The new leader an English Colonel is the husband -LRB- Richard Todd -RRB- who has figured out his wife has been involved with the American Captain -LRB- Robert Taylor -RRB- who will be his second in command during the raid.How this plot unfolds is the crux of the movie . I will not divulge the ending other than to say only one of the married couples will have a happy reunion .
 This DVD includes three movie `` pick-ups '' from Troma , `` Blood Hook '' , `` Blades '' , and `` Zombie Island Massacre '' . Alone , none of these films is among Troma 's best , but now that they are all out on a single disc , with a brand new introduction by Lloyd Kaufman , the president of Troma Studios and the mother of the Toxic Avenger , the whole is much greater than the sum of the parts.The first film in this non-trilogy is `` Blades '' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , a very entertaining and funny tale of a killer lawn mower -LRB- ! -RRB- on a golf course . This I had never seen until getting this DVD , and I was quite surprised by how enjoyable it was . -LRB- I am not a fan of golf . Sorry . -RRB- This was made by and with many people who 's names will be familiar to Troma fans , including John P. Finnegan , Peter Cosimano , Kara Callahan , and Alan Smithee . Directed by Thomas Rondinella . `` Blood Hook '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- is possibly the greatest movie about fishing , or more exactly a sociopathic killer who uses fishing equipment to kill his victims , ever made . This not enough to recommend it , but it is a very good movie , with many interesting characters and events . This movie does tend to get a bit silly at times , but is full of laughs . It stars Lisa Todd , Mark Jacobs , and Christopher Whiting . Directed by Jim Mallon.The weakest of the three is `` Zombie Island Massacre '' -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , a very tedious , boring , uninteresting , repetitive film that does n't employ any actual zombies as actors . This is not much of a horror film , it 's more of a mystery , and I do not like mystery movies . It involves a bunch of Americans running afoul of a group of `` zombies '' while vacationing in the islands . This motion picture is not all bad , though , as it does have some entertainingly gory deaths . It stars Rita Jenrette , Tom Cantrell , and Debbie Ewing . Directed by John T. Carter.The true joy of this DVD , though , is getting to see all of the movies in a single sitting . This easily outweighs any of the shortcomings that the actual movies themselves may have . This is a great way to spend a day off , relaxing while watching a trio of entertaining , low-budget films .
 THIS DVD IS GREAT . BLOOD HOOK IS WORTH THE MONEY IT SELF . HOW CAN YOU GO WRONG WITH A CRAZED KILLER WHO HAS A FISHING POLE AND MUSKIE LURE AND HE IS LOOKING TO CATCH HIM SOME TEENS . BLADES IS ANOTHER CLASSIC , KILLER LAWNMOWERS AT THERE BEST . AND ZOMBIE ISLAND MASSACRE IS ANOTHER CULT FAVORITE . THIS DVD IS WORTH THE MONEY AND IT MAKES A GOOD ADDITION TO ANY HORROR COLLECTION .
 Blades is my favorite out of this . I bought it because I could remember seeing Blood Hook when they used to play B-movies late on saturday nights on a local station . There are some extremely hilarious moments in all of these . I particularly like the endings to Troma movies .
 A good way to spend a 100 minutes or so . Certainly not to be taken too seriously but the superb acting by some of these kids combined with a fanciful plot wo n't leaveyou upset about how you spent your time . Emma Kinghorn is going to be a star , see her now .
 A good way to spend a 100 minutes or so . Certainly not to be taken too seriously but the superb acting by some of these kids combined with a fanciful plot wo n't leaveyou upset about how you spent your time . Emma Kinghorn is going to be a star , see her now.Published on August 23 , 2006 by Justin J. KlugSounds good to me !
 I attend a day camp with jonas and he is the best ever !!! He tells me a ton about the movies and what he 'd like ot do with his life . I hope everyone will buy this movie , because I know the day it comes out I am going to rent itCATIE
 Really , it wo n't serve you well to think too much about this movie . If you can think of it as a fun teen slasher , then you 'll be happy.There are a couple of inconsistencies , when you think too hard about it . 1 -RRB- Why would you even want to play a game that killed your parents 10 years ago ? 2 -RRB- How did Sean and Karim get to be good friends ? 3 -RRB- What is the added value of Rutger Hauer in the movie ? -LRB- none !!! -RRB- 4 -RRB- How is it that the killer can kill a ton of kids at a party and never seemingly get tired?There is a little bit of a plot twist that does make sense , so I give them kudos on that . But generally , just enjoy the kills . They are fun . And Brian Hooks gives a pretty good performance as Marcus . I am kinda bummed I did n't see Jodie 's fictional death . I could n't wait for her to die.Happy viewing !
 good slasher about a prank call gone wrong . the story starts with kids playing a game of prank calls and they call the wrong person who end up being a crazed psychopath and murders everyone except the kids , years later it starts all over again with the killings , could it be the same person bent on revenge or is it someone else bent on revenge . Its not a bad movie , good acting , good kills , and has a pretty good twist ending . Check it out .
 and it has the beautiful and talented aimee garcia starring ... she 's one of the leads in nbc 's `` Trauma ''
 Originally titled , SE7ENTY-5IVE , this film is part urban legend - part classic , slasher film . The kill scenes are intense and full of great FX work . The film actually has `` suspense '' if you can believe it . Yes , suspense is finally used in good fashion as well as giving gorehounds what they want , too . Now , as I have yet to see this re-titled form of the film -LRB- it may have a new edit -RRB- the only downside the film had when I watched it over a year ago was that I had to think harder about the ending twist than perhaps I should have . Do n't get me wrong ... I love a psychological film that makes me think , but in this case it was just a lack of clear understanding in the first viewing . I had to watch it a second time right away to catch what I missed because it was so quick . Aside from that one detail , nothing can be said negatively about this film , and it is one I 've been patiently waiting to add to my collection ... and I am very , very picky . I 'm a filmmaker , author and FX tech , too ... so being such a film study and one to focus on story structure , characters you care about , above average dialogue , editing , etc. . . I am probably pickier than I admit to.One last thing - for whatever reasons per distribution the filmmakers have finally released this under the Flavor-Flav 's Nite Tales moniker . I think some people will be second-guessing taking a chance on it because that sounds a little out of leftfield . Well , do n't worry about it one bit . That guy had nothing to do with the film getting made . In fact , the film was wholly produced by known sports celebrities -LRB- seriously -RRB- , and after researching this information , it was cool to find out they are such avid horror film fans . They wanted a film to be proud of and made sure the script was worthy in the first place , of course . I have to agree . It is more a solid effort into worthy slasher film status than the poor remakes of F13 , My Bloody Valentine or either Halloween film.My name is Duane P. Craig - I do n't promote crap - I do n't like to waste my time or my money - this film is worthy .
 When I ordered this movie from Fios on Demand I had nothing to go on but blind faith.It payed off.This was quite a suspenseful gory little Slasher with an interesting storyline.Brian Hooks was the lead in the cast of good young twenty something actors.Rutger Hauer also stars as a detective on a mission.I had seen Brian in several urban comedy 's and liked them but was a bit skeptical when he was part of production on this slasher film.What happens is years earlier some kids play a game called 75 where you have to keep a stranger on the phone for 75 seconds without them laughing or hanging up.You have to pitch something scary or stupid , anything to keep them on the line.Well a psycho intercepts one of the calls and comes to the home and murders all the adults during a party and one of the kids sees his parents butchered in front of him . . now it 's 10 years later and the kids are grown and having a party in a mansion so they decide to play 75 again . . one of the 20 somethings forget to dial * 67 before one of the calls and mayhem and murder begin in the shape of an axe welding maniac wearing a parka.It was somewhat your usual slasher fare but there were elements of it that made it seem fresh.I went ahead and bought it because It 's one I will watch more than once.It 's low budget but does n't give you that cheap look , the effects are well done and the lighting is very effective.I say give it a go .
 SUPER SCARY MOVIE , HAS YOU ON EDGE TO THE END . IT ALSO HAD A SHOCKING ENDING , WHICH I DID N'T EXPECT .
 i ordered this movie after seeing the beginning of it on tv , i wanted to see how it ended . it wasnt the greatest movie ive ever seen , but i do like it a lot . lots of silly teenagers doing dumb things , with a few good twists . all in all , i think its worth watching .
 This DVD is highly recommended , since the film has yet to make it 's appearance in the US in any format . The print is an excellent one
 The Roots of Heaven is generally regarded as minor John Huston and remembered , if at all , for the tales of its nightmarish production as the cast and crew dropped like flies -LRB- sometimes mid-take -RRB- in the 130degree heat in French Equatorial Africa , while the director got into a brief punch-up with Errol Flynn -LRB- Huston won by a knockout -RRB- before showing his dedication to the material by going off and hunting some big game . Which is ironic because the subject matter is the very antithesis of the White Hunter , Black Heart image of Huston , a big-budget shot on location CinemaScope adaptation of Romain Gary 's novel about an animal rights campaigner -LRB- Trevor Howard -RRB- obsessed with saving the African elephant who gives up on trying to change things legally and takes direct action a bit far when he starts hunting the hunters . Although he never actually kills , along the way he becomes a folk hero and worldwide media celebrity , attracting a ragtag band of followers with various motives
 It seems that most people do n't know what makes a great film -- John Huston did . If you know where to look you can find it in this one . Great story , perfect score , fantastic cinematography , elephants , Orson Welles , elephants , Trevor Howard and Errol Flynn . Great film . Elephants . The Twilight Time blu-ray looks and sounds terrific . Shot on location in Chad , the scenery is incredible ... you can feel the heat and taste the dust ... this is a truly wonderful film which most people today -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- could never enjoy . Errol Flynn makes every scene his , while Orson Welles does what he does best . This one needs to be remembered ...
 This is the ultimate movie . My favorite movie in all my 62 years . The only movie that counts.We ARE the roots heaven and we are dying quickly with our greed and lust for power . We do n't deserve to survive .
 I went to a screening of Neighbor this weekend in the suburban Philadelphia town of Lansdowne Pa. . This film was shot two towns over . I was interested in seeing a film that was locally made . I knew going in , that the movie was going to be in the slasher genre and expected another low budget , silly , fake blood , snooze fest . I left however , feeling that I had just seen a gem . I can see this movie being a future `` cult '' sensation.I find in many movies in this genre there always seems to be a lack of talent in the acting department . I was pleasantly surprised that Neighbor left me actually caring about the characters that normally seem to be an annoyance in any slasher flick . In this case the acting and screenwriting was way above my expectations and the character development was such a welcome break from the `` do n't go in there '' throw away characters you normally expect . You really actually do not WANT these characters to `` go in there '' because they seem like real people!America Olivo was the perfect actress to portray `` The Girl '' with her easy control of seemingly `` teasing '' the people around her to instantly open up to her inviting them to their doom . Her timing and delivery was spot on when she `` did her thing '' making you not sure why you hated her and somehow felt for her . Her eyes seemed to try to give away just enough pain and emotional scarring she had buried deep into her personality to create the knowledge it was there but , they never quite did tell the whole story making the movie that much creepier.Christian Campbell did an excellent job portraying the tortured -LRB- in so many ways -RRB- victim and his character was so easy to root for . Surrounded by his best friends throughout the film , he is sent on a rollercoaster ride in and out of his perception of reality making this movie a psychological thriller with twists and turns that keep you on the edge of you seat.All that being said , the movie Neighbor , even with the great story and acting is THE Sickest Goriest movie I have ever saw . If you like Gory , You MUST SEE this movie . It should IMHO be given a top award for goriest special effects . If you do n't like Gory , do n't even be within a mile of it ... It might reach out and getcha!My brother , who also went to this film with me , summed it up perfectly . He said , `` Neighbor was Alfred Hitchcock meets Quentin Tarantino '' . He was so right.Neighbor will be out on DVD on July 27th and I highly recommend the Directors cut simply because the gore is way beyond rated R.
 I rather enjoyed this little film . It has a different twist than the usual slasher type movies . The woman on the cover does n't have anywhere to stay . So she picks out certain people , then goes and lives in their house or apartment . She also helps herself to their groceries , showers , beds etc. . This way she can live a pretty good life for free ! Now , while she is living like this , she feels she must torture and eventually kill the people that really live there . Our home sitter gal has a wonderfull sense of humor , however she is the only person in the film with a sense of humor because everyone else is getting violently tortured by her , and they just do n't see any humor in it at all ! She comes up with some really unique ways to torture , using various household items . So watch out what you have in the kitchen drawers or basement workbench area . She can think outside the box when it comes to interesting ways and means to torture by . Some scenes are quite gruesome and have a good cringe factor.If you like slasher type movies , this one is a `` cut '' above .
 Gory , scary and a lot of fun . I 'll never look at swizzle sticks the same way again . Plus the scenes with the dog were truly inspired ...
 Do n't understand the bad reviews on this movie . I loved it . check it out !
 If a psychological , slightly bloody gore , thriller is on your menu then you will find your self tuning your head a few times in this one ; unless you have an excessive amount of sadism in your genes . Somewhat close to `` SAW '' level for a , and you could n't tell , low budget film . A slightly satirical and comedic portrayal of the neighbor you do n't want to have . Also reminded me of the Hong Kong movie `` Dream Home '' where a young girl , growing up in a slum , does not lack for imagination in getting the Condo she 's dreamed of having.What makes this movie a little different than countless others ? The script was creative and novel in that the victims all were likable and the killer had a unique darkly comedic personality and her methods were a bit unusual . The special effects -LRB- props , prosthetics -RRB- were first rate and you could see that the care they took in creating them was so realistic that even the actors were cringing when viewing the editing scenes . Kudos to Vincent Gugstini for his efforts . My only criticism here would be that the blood was n't quite the right viscosity and color . What really carries the film is the acting by America Olivo -LRB- as the Neighbor -RRB- who created a unique character - maniacal and darkly diabolical yet insanely charming and comical . Hard to believe she 's a classically trained singer.This neighbor is on the loose and I 'm sure she show up in a sequel - perhaps in your neighborhood .
 I liked this film a lot ... of course it 's not something I 'd recommend if you plan on eating while watching it ... or soon there after.This is a great film which manipulates time , and the perception of the `` fairer sex . '' America Olivo is despicably awesome as `` the girl , '' and will make you think twice if you 're in the dating market . Think Fatal Attraction meets Hostel ... with a bit of the ultra violence thrown in for good measure.Great date movie , as long as it does n't give her any ideas!I enjoyed the simple storyline of boy meets girl , and girl breaks boys heart as well as some other important boys parts .
 When I first saw this movie on Comcast On-Demand about a year ago , I figured this movie was going to be laid out well with a good plot and everything . But man oh man was I ever wrong . This movie has no plot whatsoever . The characters in this movie do n't even have names with the exception of our poor victim , who I will get to shortly . This movie is just about a young psychotic adult girl -LRB- America Olivo -RRB- who comes to a town and goes to different doors murdering people in all sorts of ways . Among her list of victims is an elderly lady who 's cup of tea she had been poisoning for weeks , an adult man -LRB- I forget how he dies but she uses some sort of unique way to draw blood from him into a wine glass -RRB- , a teenage girl who she attacks and kills by electrocuting her in a bathtub . However her biggest target is this guy named Don whom she tortures for what seems EVER ! Once he lets her into his house , the fun begins for her . I wo n't say how she tortures him and his unfortunate friends , but among the instruments used are a hammer , a pizza cutter , fishing hooks , a drill , acid , fire , needles , a hacksaw , antifreeze , an instrument that will leave male viewers cringing in pain , and so much more ! This movie really takes it TOO far in terms of extreme and gore and just goes to show what horror movies of today have become . If you want to see a horror movie , then look for Jason/Freddy movies but if you want to witness a near hour of an all out blood fest with never ending painful torture just for the sake of your sick please , then take your chances with this film and let me see if you want to watch it again when you finish it
 Neighbor is the kind of film that defenders of the so-called `` torture-porn '' genre have been waiting for . It would be very easy to be dismissive of a film such as this because of all that have come before it , but `` neighbor '' requires a deeper analysis.First is the inclusion of character development . Whereas any previous entry in this genre have discarded or ignored any kind of depth in their characters , `` neighbor '' has gone out of its way to make three likable protagonists in its small-time band mates . Christian Campbell plays the lead , and his everyman good looks and charm can easily lead an audience member to grow fond of him within his first few moments of screen time.The characters are not given the amount of depth that the characters on LOST have , but they make sense , and that is all that matters . You grow to like these characters even with their flaws -LRB- Don does drugs , Sam can be kind of creepy at times , etc -RRB- . And then you feel so so SO horrible for them as they go through their unfortunate circumstances throughout this film . This is n't Hostel , where one barely gives a rats behind over what happens to any of the three womanizing and boorish American tourists . This is n't SAW where you have an ensemble of unknown entities being tortured one by one.What writer/director Masciantonio has done is craft a movie where you want to reach into the screen and SAVE these characters . And he has also created a shift in time/consciousness in the film that may confuse those who are not giving the movie their full attention . I found it very easy to figure out what was going on , however I can understand that some people may be thrown on a first viewing.One of the main reasons there are so many bad horror movies out there is that they are very cheap to make -LRB- relative to other films -RRB- and they make their money back easily most of the time . Any idiot can make a horror film , but when somebody with a true vision has a reason and a drive to make a good one , it can transcend the genre and become something better . Masciantonio 's work on this film reminds me of David Cronenberg in many ways . You have the cerebral story element mixed with pure body horror . This is Masciantonio 's `` Scanners . '' It is low budget and it is n't very polished , but it may be a sign of good things to come.Finally , America Olivo might just play the scariest serial killer since Hannibal Lecter .
 Unusual mix of horror/slasher/psycho bitch . Gore is over the top . great movie for pizza and beer movie night . if you can get it cheap pick it up .
 I understood what was happening by the end and thought this was a fun ride . It has it 's problems but it 's better than a lot of the junk out there .
 Neighbor is a hard film to nail down . This is one of those film 's that you either really like or really hate - evidence of this is that -LRB- at the time of this review 's authorship -RRB- there are no 3-star reviews . Being that you see how many stars I have given it , you know which side of that equilibrium I am on so I 'll jump right to the key points : Neighbor seems to be explicitly for gorehounds or fans of the not-so-new anymore torture genre and so a lot of attention is paid to creative tortures and special effects . A gorehound myself , I was pleased with all I saw which includes drilled off toes , the back of a hammer shredding a shin , a mouth meeting a hacksaw , and the unpleasant meeting of a glass tube and a penis . If intense visuals are not your thing , you are probably not going to find much of value in this feature.The first 15-20 minutes of the film are what I would call -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- the requisite character exposition though the characters are basically one-dimensional and their lives are bereft of anything that would make them very interesting or endearing . That lack of development or a more thought-out plot did hurt the film as none of the characters are memorable and the reasons for ... well , anything in the movie are not explained . That question -LRB- Why ? -RRB- is even explicitly asked of the villainess and she replies with a very vague and uninformative answers then trails off . That being said , I was able to find enjoyment in the film by not getting upset over this point and just accepting it for what it is . Not every killer has a motive , not every victim finds out why they 're victims , and not every villain seeks to go to great lengths to explain themselves - so it is in that spirit that the film can work as a snapshot of a day in the life of this killer.The film does give a great attempt at trying to pull away from 90 minutes of simple torture as a point will come in the film where you wo n't be sure what has happened . In the absence of clear explanation , you are forced to draw your own conclusions until it becomes evident what is real . I know that sounds contrived but there is n't a better way to explain it . Moments like this elevate the film a bit from simple sadism.Bottom Line : You will not see acting deserving of an Academy Award nor will the characters or plot be all that memorable . However , this does have some wonderful moments and some even better effects -LRB- particularly for a low budget horror film -RRB- . This film is a sincere attempt to make something that is gut-wrenching to watch but unique among the films in this subgenre . I applaud the efforts and forgive the shortcomings because it is entertaining in the end . Again , if you DO NOT like torture films you will NOT like this , so I 'd pass . If you DO like torture films or you love gore , this one is worth at least a rental - and even then , it may be too much for some , not enough for others -LRB- ca n't please everyone -RRB- - and I recommend it to you.Neighbor is worth a look .
 I dont like him , but she does so I guess thats all that matters . Thank you for making HER happy !
 amazing story , interesting boy , great future , and I look forward to his career as he gets older . This guy is an extremely talented young man . Good job ! Oh , and I am almost 50 - never liked his music and once I stopped snubbing it and listened , I fell in love with his voice and attitude .
 I am in Ontario , Canada and already bought this in Wal-Mart , here , a few weeks ago ! Any fan NEEDS to have this in their collection ! Great story of the Biebs !!! : -RRB-
 This movie was so great and inspiring about justin bieber 's life and how it began . I think that all people will love this movie exspecially my daughter !!!!!!!!
 This movie has been one I 've wanted to see for years , but it seems it was buried in the vaults of Hollywood for some reason . Along with it 's too fine stars -LRB- Fred McMurray and Polly Bergen -RRB- , it boasts superior production values . It 's set of the White House is very accurate . It did n't do gangbusters at the box office , no doubt because the 1960 election introduced the exciting Kennedys . I 'm glad that Warner has given it a second life on a remastered version via DVD . Both interesting and harmless . Check it out .
 I found `` Kisses for My President '' a thoroughly delightful comedy . Of course it 's dated , but that 's part of its charm . This is a perfect , fun movie to while away a few hours while enjoying a cool drink and a box of bonbons . -LRB- - :
 I love this movie ... . The First lady is actually the First Guy ... . and the President is A WOMAN ! It 's a Must see !
 All the girls ... -LRB- and guys - Warning : Male frontal nudity , no female -RRB- ... seem to be having more fun than the audience as they crawl , dance , shake , fight , stab , and hyperventilate for the camera . The film features several up and comers , the most notable is professional dancer and model Andrea Lin , and actress Emily Wahlund , who is on a new Sears Ad with a red washer/dryer combo . You 'll love the way that these girls demonstrate proper safety techniques , while using their `` talents '' as teaching aids . Bottom line
 I was turned on to this by one of the actresses in the movie , Delotta Brown . I actually did learn a couple of safety items as well . The movie was classically cheesy and &#34; B movie &#34; for the most part but it was also quite funny -LRB- in a twisted way -RRB- in quite a few parts . If you want a sophomoric and juvenile laugh-fest , try this one out !
 `` It runs in the family '' is a good movie , not a great movie , but a good movie . It traces the love lives of 3 generations of one family through four different story lines . From grand parents , to Parents , to two Grandchildren . The movie drags at times , and the storyline is full of holes . The problem with the movie is that they chose to cut away from the relationships of each pair in the movie and go with something a little too off beat -LRB- for example
 this movie is awesome . If you have a close knit family you will probably like it . Its right up there with `` my big fat greek wedding '' and `` while you were sleeping '' . Its just real family drama for 3 generations . My favorite part is when they are fishing , like the cover shows . 1st and 3rd generation are awesome . And the little brother make this movie . Just buy it used and its worth the money for this oldie but goodie .
 Hey what can you say when you have 2 icons related and alive in the same movie . It was great !!
 `` It Runs In The Family '' takes both a candid and panoramic view inside the lives of three generations of one of Hollywood 's most famous families - the Douglases . According to the -LRB- entire -RRB- film 's storyline , Dad Kirk is a senior citizen trying to cope with both retirement and a somewhat `` hectic '' home life , including a stern , yet loveable wife trying to keep her head above water . Son Michael is a crusty , tough-as-nails lawyer trying to balance both career and family , with a son in college - who 's not sure about himself , let alone what to make of his surroundings . Most of the time , the family seems to have it all together , with most of the clan displaying a close-knit relationship , all except for father and son in certain instances . These two squabble about even the most petty of things , but who said a familial relationship has to be free of disagreements and strife , especially between father and son -LRB- in certain cases -RRB- ? It is these particular moments that draws the viewer into the scenario of `` IRITF '' . Seeing father , son and grandson -LRB- together -RRB- out on an uninhabited lake in a canoe out in the middle of nowhere is priceless , and is just one of this movie 's many tender moments that can not be bought or sold . But , if you want to see good cinematic relations up close and sort-of personal , you 'll have to purhase a ticket -LRB- or video -RRB- to become an `` adopted '' member of the Douglas family . So , get in line at your theater -LRB- or video retailer in the near future -RRB- and sign these important papers today !
 This movie combines fiction with reality , since it a family dramar peopled with seveal generations of actors from the Douglas family . Mitchell Gromberg , the family patriarch in the movie is played by Kirk Douglas , and Evelyn his wife is played by Diana Douglas , Kirk 's ex-wife . Their son Alex is played by Michael Douglas , who also produced the movie . As you watch the film you wonder howe closely it mirrors the complex and sometimes difficult real life relationship between the Michael and Kirk . Michael 's son Cameron makes his very effective acting debut as the older grandson Asher . The movie seems to convey real depth the relationships of the film 's characters ' ; this was undoubtedly aided by their shared personal experiences over several generations . The remaining family members are Eli , Asher 's younger brother played by Rory Culkin and Alex 's wife Rebecca portrayed by Bernadette Peters.The movie basically portrays the family life -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- and problems of a NY household dominated by Mitchell , who founded the law firm where Alex now works . Mitchell is frustrated by a speech impediment and some physical inabilites that are the lingering results of a stroke ; his son and grandsons all bear the unspoken burden of living up to his achievements -LRB- after all , IT RUNS IN THE FAMILY -RRB- . Meanwhile , Rebecca and Evelyn act as the calming influences attempting to maintain the normalcy of family relationships . However , several incidents collectively threaten the family 's stabilty . Among these
 It Runs In the Family is about a family with their own personal problems that they must work out on their own . The best way to describe this type of comedy is that it takes a while to get going and there 's several dry periods when you can probably walk away for a few minutes and not miss anything special , but the second half is a dramatic improvement and worth sticking with it until the end.Michael Douglas and his father share the role of lead character . Michael 's character finds himself involved with a girl he works with which prompts one inappropriate but really hilarious sexual-related scene while a homeless man watches . The father begins his performance in the doctors office after suffering from a stroke . Meanwhile the two sons have their own issues . The oldest one likes to flirt with the Liv Tyler-resembling Michelle Monaghan but struggles to find a connection . Seriously , I thought it WAS Liv until I did a google search . This part of the story does n't receive much attention and is sort of pointlessly integrated . The youngest son however , has a more compelling portion of the film . He has to work up the courage to not only ask a girl out that he likes , but find a way to stand up to a skateboarder kid that continues to pick on him and his friends.However , the father is the best and character by * far * and the reason I 'm giving the movie 4 stars . After suffering from a stroke , he goes about his daily routine more cautiously with the realization that his life could end at any time , and he 's always hanging around his son -LRB- Michael Douglas -RRB- as a way for the two of them to figure out their relationship . Michael seems to think he 's never good enough to please his father . This portion of the movie is really well-told . It 's not always serious drama here however - several comedy bits occur as well . Sort of disappointing that the mother is n't utilized much . She 's always around to make sure the family remains functionable -LRB- for the most part -RRB- but that 's about it for her performance.A type of comedy/drama comparable to the hit TV show Parenthood is what you can expect here . The humor does n't always work but when it does -LRB- especially during the more storyline-focused second half -RRB- that 's what makes It Runs In the Family such a compelling combination of drama and comedy .
 I had seen &#34; It runs in the Family , &#34; several years ago , and really enjoyed being able to see it again . thank you .
 NO SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW
 I know that Kirk and Michael Douglas had looked for a long time to find a project on which they could collaborate . Frankly , although I think they might have done better ; once in awhile it 's reasonable to judge success by a different set of criteria.This film is a study of three generations of a well to do family , and this family 's inability to deal openly with years of unspoken conflicts . This certainly is n't the first movie to tackle this subject , and it wo n't be the last . There is n't a great deal in terms of plot twists , surprises , astonishing performances or writing . It 's look and feel are on a par with a high quality made for TV movie . Many of the non family members in the story are not well developed , and do n't really contribute very much to the story.However ... it would be difficult to think of a father and son who have contributed more to the film industry than have Kirk and Michael Douglas , and it is highly unlikely that this pairing will ever be seen again . This is , in and of itself , a good enough reason for me to see this film . But there is something else that this film does extremely well . It depicts the pain of an elderly man who is facing the kind of losses that are to be expected as one ages , and in doing so , Kirk Douglas makes it abundantly clear that he is still a substantial force on screen . I hate to fall back on the old sports analogy , but I am reminded of the last few years that Louis Tiant pitched for the Red Sox . Sure , he was past his prime , yet he was able to offer perspective , experience and a positive mind set that only years in baseball could provide . In other words , his value to the club what about more than statistics . It was about character.Kirk Douglas invests this film with just this sort of extra ingredient . If you are someone who has paid close attention to American cinema for the last 50 plus years , you understand what I am trying to describe . Whatever its shortcomings ; I could n't have missed this film .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It was sent very quickly and in great condition . I will buy from this company again .
 Excellent movie with a valuable story to tell . A must-see movie for all families .
 wonderful wonderful movie ! Hilarious and at the same time poignant . What talented cast ! God Bless you Kirk ! and Michael too !
 Even after the reading the mostly negative reviews , I still rather like the movie . Sure , it may be cliche-filled and lacking a clear plot as some of the critics have suggested . But , I feel it 's realistic . How of many of us can say that we live our lives without uttering cliches or colloquialisms ? How many episodes in our daily lives have clear and dramatic storylines ? There are elements of the dysfunctional family living in this movie that we can all relate to . I celebrate this movie , because it does seem like real life to me .
 It was a very enjoyable movie , excellent from beginning to end .
 For some filmmakers , the will to create is so compelling , almost nothing can prevent them fromcompleting their movie . When newcomer Justin Calen Chiang found that his small crew was unavailable to work on his debut feature , THE WAY OF SNOW , he resolved to continue with just two people . Justin ended up writing , directing , starring , producing , shooting , and editing the film single-handedly and perhaps , unsurprisingly found the work taking a toll on his health . `` I suffered a severe vomit-inducing neck injury as well as a skin infection and a knee and a hip injury . I could barley walk at times . `` The true indie spirit shines on then , and THE WAY OF SNOW is crafted with an integrity that never waivers . It 's fitting that this is a very personal story
 This movie surprised me even though a friend had recommended it and given me an idea of it 's content . Not for the faint of heart and perhaps more difficult for males to watch than females ! Ellen Page does a great job as a young girl looking for revenge on a suspected pedophile .
 I 'm typically disappointed in movies shot in limited locations , but I can truly say this was no disappointment . I 'm sure it was a small budget , as it had limited loca ' and cast . But I was interested , intrigued , and captivated the entire time . I thought this was Ellen Page at her best and was very proud of her in this role . Love this movie , great script , great concept , great execution .
 This is a little film that seems to have made a name for itself in the `` Underground . '' It has a great story , well directed , and even better with the acting . Ellen Page is amazing in this film . Patrick Wilson conquers a role that most people would have fallen short in.The film is just great all around . I can say that it wo n't be a film that everyone will like . But , if you want to see the tables turned on a pedophile , this film will do what we all wish we could!Hard Candy
 The Bottom Line : Though I 'm still not sure the ending works , I am sure that for the majority of its running length Hard Candy is a tense and interesting 2-character thriller with excellent acting by the leads .
 Kinda creepy movie with definitely disturbing undertones . And overtones , for that matter . At the same time , though , it 's not the most plausibly presented story , which really affected my ability to get into it . It was just too difficult for me to believe that a kid weighing 114 lbs or less could keep a grown man captive . Even with drugs , that 's not likely considering that he could probably have picked her up with one arm . Aside from that , it had some real moments of suspense - and the psychological games being played were original and intense , even though we 're somewhat left to wonder about the characters ' histories and motives . Worth watching .
 Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page turn in haunting yet rhapsodic performances as a 32-year-old photographer and a precocious 13-year-old in this disturbing flick about a grown man with dirty secrets and the child whose genius and intuition bring about lethal punishments.Wilson 's performance is powerful in that he manages to balance depravity with just enough charm to leave you feeling a bit sorry for him , even though he deserves what he gets at the hands of the clever little girl who confronts him with his illicit deeds.Ellen Page does n't miss a note in her portrayal of an avenging angel in a Little Red Riding Hoodie . She 's one of the most terrifying antiheros in film.Hard Candy is a new form of horror film , one that will have you wondering about the secrets of your neighbors both young and old .
 Patrick Wilson shows his absolute astounding acting talent in this 2006 thriller and is 180 degrees different than the role he played as the viscount in Andrew Lloyd Webber 's 2004 masterpiece , Phantom of the Opera . Both Wilson and Ellen Page could not have played their parts better . Just when you think you know what is about to happen , there is a twist and this continues to the very end . If you like thrillers , if you like fantastic acting , directing and screenwriting you will love this movie . Note
 A Death and the Maiden or Extremities for the pedophile generation . This still packs a punch , however . Wilson and Page are both great in this vicious cat-and-mouse thriller about a supposed pedophile and a young girl . Some very tense , squirm-inducing scenes and some sly direction come together for this satisfying thriller . Madonna and Guy Ritchie at play ?
 This is an exciting and exceptional movie that will keep your nerves on edge from start to end . And speaking of endings , this one will come as a complete suprise .
 Have you ever seen that internet video of bird getting eaten by the -LRB- ninja -RRB- turtle ? Or the one where the octopus eats the shark ? In nature , we all have preconceived notions about roles of weakness and strength during confrontation . The same holds true for humanity , which is why we love an underdog . Hard Candy flips that concept on its head , sociopathically displaying that the concepts of predator and prey are interchangeable.When Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- , a 32-year old photographer , begins chatting online with precocious 14-year old Haley -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- , the interaction has every indication of something creepy ; the situation is just wrong . When they meet up for coffee , an uneasiness exudes from every table , chair , and fiber of their surroundings . After some conversation in which Haley displays a maturity and intellect rivaling Jeff , the two make their way back to Jeff 's apartment ; it 's difficult to ascertain who persuades whom.Foreboding and disturbing , the setting quickly illustrates how easily an adult could take advantage of a child ; and when alcohol becomes involved , it becomes very clear that despite Jeff 's seemingly clean-cut image , he definitely fits the mold of a pedophile . Little does anyone know that young Haley is not quite as vulnerable as first impressions indicate.The rest of the movie is a battle of minds and will-power , as Haley transforms into a scalpel-slinging psycho , while Jeff attempts at psychobabble only dig his hole deeper and deeper . The emotional range each displays is mesmerizing . Haley 's actions grow more and more sadistic ; at more than one point she admits to being insane . Meanwhile , Jeff ping-pongs between bleak denial , hopeless sorrow , and fiery rage while under the tormenting teenager 's control.Amidst exploitation , asphyxiation , and castration , Haley 's glee dances on Jeff 's growing despair , and the audience must attempt to weigh the merits of vigilante justice against its inevitable depravity . Whereas Miike ` sAuditiontreated it as an afterthought , the justification for Haley 's actions is a common theme in the dialogue - but only a small part of the overall captivating script . The suspenseful , mental sparring , where Jeff 's witty pleading is consistently met with clever repartees from the erudite Haley , is something to behold . The pacing , camera-work , and directing are minimal , accentuating the feeling of isolation , heightening the psychological maze slowly woven between the two characters - who are responsible for carrying 99 % of the movie - and allowing for the exposure of countless emotional layers.This is the epitome if what psycho-thriller should be . It 's clearly the Americanized version - not nearly as much build-up , and quite a bit more `` interaction '' - of Audition , and aside from a questionable resolution -LRB- better choices are available for Jeff -RRB- , it 's highly recommended ... on an empty stomach .
 This movie is a great big surprise , one of extreme vengeance and really quite horrible at that . Of course , this little Page girl is terrific , but she is quite deliberate and scary in this movie . Frankly , it was recommended by my son and I do not know whether or not I would recommend it to anyone else .
 Expert performances supported by equally well structured script . Very tough movie to watch , but worth it if you can get through to the end . Had many deep discussions about justice afterwards , the mark of a movie that stays with you , perhaps even changes you .
 It 's a great movie but , this imported disc loads and then all you get is a black screen . Amazon lists no region or coding info about this disk on their product information page . I ordered a replacement hoping that it might just play but I 'm sure that it wo n't work . Followup , the replacement disc did n't play either .
 I 've seen this movie twice so far and it 's even better the second time around . There 's lots of foreshadowing in the beginning of the movie that was fun to notice again -- the `` missing child '' poster at the cafe , the playful questioning each other if faces can lie , and the toast where they announce they 're going to `` take it all '' . There 's definitely a creepiness factor in this movie . The movie starts out with a close-up of a computer screen and you see two people sending very sexy instant messages to each other . You get the feeling that one person is a young teenager while the other is a much older adult . When the two decide to meet at a cafe , your worst fears are confirmed . A 30 something male is meeting a 14 year old girl . ICK.Ellen Page was perfectly cast for this role because she has such a baby face and small physique . As an audience member , you feel protective of her as she flirts lolita-style with him at the cafe . Other details that highlight how small she is add to the creepiness of what this man is doing -- like when he buys her a shirt in size small or when she puts on his very large jacket.There are two main themes I noticed in this movie . One theme is innocence . An obvious example is that she 's young , but there 's also the innocence of guilt . Throughout the film , the man , no matter what he does , keeps insisting to himself that he is a decent , good man . The story he tells in the kitchen also pulls at your heartstrings a bit . This movie definitely messes with you!Another theme has to do with deception . As mentioned before , there was the deception of faces lying , but there 's also the deception of the internet . When you go on the internet , you can transform into anyone you want to be ... but how honest is that image ? Also revealed are the deceptive means pedophiles use to lure their victims as well as the deceptive means victims use to free themselves from their captors.I was impressed with the imagery in this film . I just like little details here and there , like the way the window blinds moved , kind of like the shutter of a camera . A real good scene was when he stabbed the photo of a young woman he photographed ... but most telling was WHERE on the picture he stabbed her.I also like the scene that 's the first turning point in the film . He 's sitting on the couch , the scene goes a little blurry and you see something you 're not quite sure if you saw right ... and then the plot twist comes and you 're taken on an edge-of-your-seat roller coaster ride.The audience will need to practice some suspension of disbelief to enjoy this movie and if they can do that , this movie wo n't disappoint . The performances are fair on Ellen Page 's part -LRB- she tends to overact in some parts -RRB- and excellent on the male lead 's part . I was extremely impressed with his performance.Overall , loved this diabolical , clever and twistedly funny movie .
 So often in movies it is the female that is vulnerable and victimized . If that bores you too , then look no further than this flick.This dialogue heavy film is amazing and because it is set in just a few rooms , I can imagine it could work very well as a play . On the surface , its a revenge drama where an * innocent * teen makes a suspected murderer pay for what he may or may not have done . It just sucks you in and takes you on a ride . Throughout the majority of the movie , nothing is really certain ... it brilliantly toys with audience expectations as to whom we should be rooting for.This movie proves that Juno was not a one time lucky fluke for Ellen Page as her performance in this was nothing short of brilliant . She totally dominates the screen with an allure . You instantly believe her as Hayley and her transformation from what Jeff believes she is to who she REALLY is . Ellen Page should 've won an Oscar for this
 In `` Juno '' , Ellen Page played the quirky , independent music loving girl , and I have to admit , I have a soft spot for that sort of thing . I was crushing on her a little bit . After seeing `` Juno '' , the first thing I did was come home and IMDB her . This is how I found out about `` Hard Candy '' . `` Hard Candy '' is disturbing . Let 's just get that out of the way . It 's the anti- `` Juno '' . This is not the lighthearted independent comedy where you leave the theater giggling . I bet that when the movie is over , at least 50 % of people say the same thing I did , which was `` Oh my God . '' It takes the revenge film genre and turns it on its head , much like Carrie did in the ` 70s . In most revenge movies , it 's a big strong man who has something taken away from him and he spends the rest of the movie getting it back . Rarely ever is it a barely pubescent girl who is putting the fear in people , and when it is , they have super powers . `` Hard Candy '' begins with Haley -LRB- Page -RRB- playfully flirting with Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- online . It is clear from the beginning that we are watching a blooming pedophilic relationship . They agree to meet at a public place . Within the first minute of their encounter , Jeff wipes a bit of chocolate off of Haley 's mouth and then licks his finger . He is not shy about what he wants from her and it is pretty damn uncomfortable to watch . Throughout the scene we see Jeff vacillate between treating her like she 's a peer -LRB- giving the child a feeling of adultness -RRB- and treating her even younger than she is -LRB- letting her know who holds the power in the relationship -RRB- . It 's classic child predator behavior.Haley passively gets Jeff to invite her back to his house , the whole time Jeff trying to make her feel more comfortable about leaving with him , but it is not necessary . She obviously wants to go with him and she is not at all worried about her own safety . The direction of the movie takes a sudden turn when they get to his home and Haley drugs him . He wakes up tied to a chair . For the rest of the movie , Haley terrorizes him while he begs for mercy and tries to explain why he is the way he is . She threatens to reveal to his ex-girlfriend that he 's a pedophile . There is a scene where she shaves his pubic hair , numbs his crotch with a bag of ice , pulls out a scalpel , and let 's just say it gets a little uncomfortable to have a penis and watch what she does.Even though the tone of `` Hard Candy '' is so much different than that of `` Juno '' , Page still delivers a dissonant charm while horrifying Jeff . The dialogue is almost always clever and I found myself giggling in spite of the darkness of the movie . The tone of the movie is pretty damn unique.There are some people that are not going to like this film because of how upsetting it is . Others will hate it because of how cold the Haley character is and this coldness makes them dislike her in spite of the fact that the man she 's terrifying is a pedophile and possibly a murderer . This is the point of the movie . There is supposed to be an internal conflict within the viewer about whether what Haley is doing is moral . The film maker does not seem to take one side or the other.I really liked this movie , but I need to disclose that I 'm a sucker for witty banter and revenge , something that few movies are able to combine -LRB- although `` Lucky Number Slevin '' and `` Memento '' both pull it off -RRB- . If you just saw Juno and want more of the light-hearted fluffy goodness , try her newest film `` Smart People '' . `` Hard Candy '' is not what you 're looking for .
 HC delivers suspense in a minimal setting . You can gather the plot from other reviews and synopsis but the two leads carry bulk of this film in a manner that recalled Farrah Fawcett 's `` Extremities '' . If you seen that and liked it you 'll probably rave over this . Though the ending may lead viewers to think it 's highly improbable this guy would carry through with his fatal choice . Also , if this is the man guilty of the crime he 's being tortured for it seems more likely he would have done away with this girl early on during one of several escape episodes . Still , Definitely worth a look and a thought .
 ` Hard Candy ' is seriously one of the best films of 2006 . If you have not seen this little wonder I highly recommend you do immediately . Director David Slade has done an extraordinary job in delivering a mesmerizing two person act that plays out so smoothly despite it sporadic and at times harsh direction . That 's the real beauty of ` Hard Candy ' , its delivery , which imbeds itself inside your skull and stays with you throughout its full running time , and then still . The film rarely sees a face other than those of the two leads , but those leads are more than up to the challenge . Both Patrick Wilson and the young Ellen Page -LRB- who 's receiving quote the attention for her upcoming comedy ` Juno ' -RRB- are phenomenally cast in this dramatic thriller , but I 'd be hard pressed to admit the real star is not David Slade . I was so enthralled with his direction of this film and the risks he was not afraid to take . In the end this film would have been nothing without him.The storyline follows a young 14-year old girl named Hayley who meets a 32-year old photographer named Jeff on the internet . The film strategically opens with their chat screen so we can see their interaction before introducing us to them at a local coffee shop . Hayley is the immediate flirt , as is Jeff , and they soon take their meeting back to his place . Jeff thinks that everything is going according to plan until Hayley reveals she 's not the sweet young thing he thought she was . She has a secret agenda , a score to settle , a dark secret to unveil and she knows exactly how to do that.The film is a brilliant look at the drive of pure vengeance . Hayley 's character is driven by this inner power , this overwhelming need to exact revenge on a criminal who has apparently gotten away with it all . She 's one smart young girl and this catches her victim off guard . The fact that I refer to Jeff as a victim is another reason why this film is so amazing . It allows you to rationalize with a pedophile . I 'm not saying that that is something anyone in their right mind would want to do , but this film allows you to judge for yourself whether or not the punishment fits the crime . I know that this is not the perfect analogy , and I 'm sure people are going to complain about this , but it reminds me a little bit of ` A Clockwork Orange ' , at least the feeling I got the first time I read it . When you finish the novel you sit back and wonder if the means of justice were just as criminal as the reasons for it . The same is here . When Hayley is done the audience is able to sit back and wonder whether or not her means of action were just as horrific as Jeff 's initial crime.This film would not have been nearly as effective if it were not for the brilliant performances by the two leads . Patrick Wilson had such an amazing year , and while ` Little Children ' was his more popular film , his performance here is milestones ahead of it . As Jeff he is so incredibly creepy in his charm but he is also pitifully heartbreaking in the eventual breakdown . He 's upstaged though by Ellen Page who gives my favorite performance of the year . As Hayley she is so in tune with her character 's motives and objective that she disappears within her character . Beings that she was barely eighteen when she shot this film further goes to impress upon us her brilliance . I really ca n't say enough good things about her performance , it 's that flawless.With a top notch script and excellent acting and direction the film elevates itself into one of the best of the year . The script for ` Hard Candy ' was actually conceived after producer David Higgins read reports of Japanese schoolgirls who were ambushing older men who were surfing the web for underage dates . So this type of thing has happened before . I highly recommend this film to anyone wanting to watch something separate from the normal media fare . This is intriguing and entertaining and compelling . In the end ` Hard Candy ' tastes utterly amazing .
 I did n't like the coloring of scenes , `` red '' wall scene change shots . Why were the pictures removed from the walls and then replaced ? Did n't like cover.BUT These are minor points . The Most Emotional , movie I 've ever seen ! Please make Sequel and Prequel . Totally different . like Silence of the Lambs/Better than Hannibal ... could have been called `` SHannibal Rising . '' Vengeance is mine . says ... Ellen Page
 ... to pedophiles and would-be pedophiles
 Deeply disturbing and yet topical film for today . jeff , a man in his early thirties , and hayley , a 14 year old girl , chat with each other on line , and decide to meet in person . they meet at a coffee house and eventually end up at jeff 's house where hayley seems especially interested in jeff 's career as a photographer of teenage girls . after sharing drinks with each other jeff becomes drowsy and passes out . when he comes to , he is in restraints and realizes he 's been drugged . hayley has dropped her innocent veneer and reveals her true purpose , `` play time is over '' indeed . she begins her inquisition of jeff and searches his home for evidence of wrong-doing she 's believes he 's involved in.the give and take of predator and prey in `` hard candy '' is intense and chilling to watch . the horror here is pyschological , with minimal physical violence , but just as terrifying . she manipulates and terrorizes jeff throughout the movie , despite his protests that he is innocent . great performances by both actors -LRB- patrick wilson and ellen page -RRB- and an excellent indie film . david slade has a bright future as a filmmaker . probably too intense for some . the subject matter alone is enough to scare people away .
 I first heard of Ellen Page when I saw JUNO -LRB- Which is also a fabulous movie -RRB- . My friend told me about this movie , so I decided to buy it . And I am really glad that I did . The whole movie consists mainly of only Hayley and Jeff . You might think that a movie with only two characters for an hour and a half might get boring , but you do n't . You stay intrigued.Ellen and Patrick are fantastic . I highly recommend this movie to any and everyone .
 Just when you thought you could figure out a movie plot ... comes this movie . A friend told me about it . It 's for the dark humored person . It 's very intense . It 's a keeper !!!!
 May be one of the most intense movies I 've ever seen . Plot is slightly implausable but the acting is supurb . Ellen Page is one amazing young actress .
 Ellen Paige is AMAZING !! Dialogue is witty and provocative . This movie will keep you at the edge of your seat . Get ready for a rough ride . You have no idea what you 're in for .
 People either love this movie or hate it . I love it . I had to watch this movie about a dozen times before I could come to peace with it.There are only two main characters and two main sets in the entire movie . Both characters are fascinating . The dialog is brilliant and darkly comedic.Hard Candy takes a really hard and twisted look at a topic that has worked its way into our collective unconscious . Internet stalkers are the monsters of our time . 14 year old Haley Stark takes on an internet stalker head on and punishes him . How ? She drives him over the edge until he finally sees himself for what he is . It takes desperate measures and determination to force him to that point.Could a real 14 year old do something like this ? Probably not . Haley Stark is as much a comic book hero as any X-man -LRB- Ellen Page played a young superhero in X-Men 3 , her next film after this one -RRB- . Jeffrey Kohlver -LRB- Patrick Griffith -RRB- , on the other hand , is frighteningly realistic . I firmly believe that he is an accurate portrayal of an internet stalker , and that some of them really think and operate the way he does . The man enrages me to hatred and breaks my heart at the same time . In the end , he simultaneously gets what he deserves and earns forgiveness .
 My take on Hard Candy is different from most . I see it as an exploitation movie , and a terrific one at that . If you think about it , HC is a much more sophisticated take on what Hershell Gordon Lewis was turning out 40 years ago . -LRB- Interesting that Lewis is referenced in Ellen Page 's Juno -RRB- . As soon as I saw Jeff `` tasting '' the chocolate on Hayley 's trembling lips , I knew this was not a movie to be taken seriously.There 's no `` message '' HC . It is not a `` teaching moment . '' It just uses pedophilia to amp up what is essentially a movie about an exciting showdown.The movie is about verbal sparring -LRB- the comparison to `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf '' is right on -RRB- , mind control , psychological terror and suspense . He insists on his innocence . She is determined to drag a confession out of him . The tables keep turning.The `` castration scene , '' I thought , was pretty funny -LRB- and I 'm a guy -RRB- . Another funny scene is `` tasered '' Jeff coming at her with a knife . On his knees.The end seems solemn , but is really a joke . Listen carefully to the last two words Hayley speaks . Cracked me up.I chuckled all the way through HC . Maybe I 'm just a sick pup .
 Ok this is gon na have major spoilers for the end of the film , soSPOILER ALERT ********** This is just for everyone who 's confused as to Hayley 's motive and maybe views her character as hollow or not fleshed out enough to their liking . In the movie it is heavily implied that the `` missing girl '' seen on a flyer at the beginning of the film , the girl Patrick Wilson 's character witnessed being killed , was a close friend of Hayley 's . Thus , as she admits on the roof at the end , she formulated this idea and killed the man who murdered her friend , but before he died he told her there was another person involved , and now she 's come after him to finish the job . So , her intention is basically to avenge the murder of her friend . Get it now ? ********* SPOILER ALERT
 This is a fabulous gem of an independent film and applaud the acting , screenplay , originality , and very little if any special effects!I thought I had this movie pegged within the first ten minutes in to it ! Glad this movie was not a typical Hollywood , big budget movie and that it was filmed the way it was . Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page do an excellent job of acting ! This movie addresses a lot of different issues and will having you thinking about it long after it is over .
 Hard Candy is one of those movies that are n't really made to be big blockbusters . Viewers probably wo n't want a bucket full of popcorn and no one will pronounce it the `` thrill ride adventure of the summer ! '' , however , it does deal with subject matter that is eminently relevant to the current time and will undoubtedly develop a serious following and cult status as one of the best films to be released in recent memory . The idea behind Hard Candy is at first very simple . A thirty something photographer is chatting with a fourteen year old girl online . Eventually they decide to meet , and it 's assumed the man has dubious intentions . The producers of this film put it out at the perfect time . MSNBC 's series about pedophiles , `` To Catch a Predator '' is currently on it 's seventh running , and thoughts of priests molesting boys is always just at the back of the collective memory.Hard Candy deals with the subject of pedophilia in a fairly mature manner , and takes things to a completely different level than any film previously has done . Shortly into the film the audience 's preconceived notions of what is going on will be completely shattered and the film takes a very dark bent , filled mostly with verbal sparring back and forth . Viewers with weak stomachs should know beforehand that there are a few graphic scenes , surprisingly not of nudity or sex , but of violence . The violence in the film is generally done much differently than in other movies as well , with much of it being psychologically torturous in nature , rather than out and out physical abuse . The psychological nature of the violence does n't lessen it 's impact in any way - there are scenes here just as brutal and unrelenting as those in the likes of Hostel , The Hills Have Eyes , or Wolf Creek . The cast does a superb job of acting . The actress who plays the little girl Haley is on top of her game , doing everything almost perfectly . The viewer will develop an emotional connection with the characters , and will definitely have very strong feelings towards Haley - but probably not in the way that would initially be assumed.The movie presents several viewpoints on the subject of pedophilia , alternating between condemnation and revelation , and even attempts to give a few answers to the tough questions surrounding the issue . The only problem with Hard Candy is the ending . The audience is led to believe throughout the entire film that a certain fact is true , and then that fact is suddenly turned on it 's head in the last five minutes . The way in which this is done seems as though the director wanted to give the audience 's anger that has been building throughout the entire movie a conduit to be extinguished by providing meaning for the seemingly meaningless acts of violence that have occurred . While this gives some closure to the story , it unfortunately lessens the effectiveness of the film as a whole . Other than the ending , Hard Candy is nearly flawless . Highly recommended !
 I love this movie . No matter how many times I rewatch it , I just want to die from happiness . Ellen Page is adorable ; the camera loves her , her freckles , her perfect nose . The colors are beautiful in this movie and Patrick Wilson looks like a Mormon AND The Big Bad Wolf , just unforgivably evil like Philip Seymour Hoffman in Doubt . You just want to go Nun on both of them .
 Fourteen-year-old Hayley has been chatting online with Jeff , a 32-year-old photographer . They meet at Nighthawk 's , have some coffee and cake . Jeff suggests they go back to his place , so he can take pictures of Hayley for his portfolio . Hayley agrees , and Jeff is delighted ... until he realizes that he 's bitten off a bit more than he can chew ... `` Hard Candy '' features some of the finest acting and dialogue ever to appear in a horror movie . Ellen Page and Patrick Wilson are spectacular ; you ca n't take your eyes off them , even in the scenes where you desperately want to look away -LRB- and yes , there are a couple -RRB- . The humor -- there 's a surprising amount of it -- is appropriately dark ; it 's the kind of humor where you laugh , then stop once you realize what you 're laughing about . The movie flows along briskly ; only two people for most of it , yet you never once get bored . None of the movie seems extraneous ; Sandra Oh 's presence is n't at all necessary , yet as director David Slade explains in the extensive making-of featurette , it does n't matter -- everything is made to fit into the movie , so you never really care if it NEEDS to be there or not.I came to `` Hard Candy '' after reading reviews that praised the hell out of it . I was skeptical ; we all know , a good review does n't necessarily mean a good movie -- I 'm sure somebody somewhere called `` Coyote Ugly '' the best film ever made . I 'm not saying `` Hard Candy '' is one of the best films ever made , no ; but it is certainly one of the best original horror films of the past few years . In fact , it 's such a good horror film that people will deny that it IS a horror film , because the label `` horror '' has quite a few -LRB- unfortunate -RRB- negative connotations . But never fear -- `` Hard Candy '' is an exquisite horror film , and it will terrify you . And once these fine performances are no longer immediately in front of your eyes , once your disturbed heartbeat has slowed to a more normal pitter-patter , you will have time to think . And yes , you will think . Sorry if that prospect frightens you ; if so , go elsewhere . `` Hard Candy '' is a thinking man 's horror movie . Or , rather , a thinking girl 's . Do n't wan na leave the women out -- not after watching this .
 I ca n't do better than the lengthy reviews already done so I wo n't try . But I felt the need to say `` amazing . '' And great acting , I mean there are only 2 actors , but they 're both great and it 's fantastic .
 The movie Hard Candy blows my mind . Even though you are painfully uncomfortable throughout the entire film , you wo n't be able to stop watching . It 's a whole new brand of suspense that I highly recommend .
 5 stars for Ellen Page her acting was fantastic this is a keeper . This younster have the spark and talent to keep movie goers wanting more . I was impressed by Ellen Page . Teenagers rock
 when I saw the cover I knew this movie was good ... but this is probably one of the best movies of ' 05 ... very orignal
 I watched this and was very entertained . If I would have made it I would have left the story open , as in , you never found out who was the bad ` guy ' . I imagine when it was wrote , this was the idea.One probably would n't want to suggest anything but what the movie does though , so that 's what it is . If you ca n't figure out what you 're suppose to think about the movie . The bonus features will tell you what to think .
 Ellen Page has just made herself a new fan with this movie . It 's very rare that you find a movie where you find yourself rooting for the main character the whole time . The only complaint I have is that it did start off kind of boring for about the first 20 minutes when the film just shows them chatting online , and then meeting , and hanging out for a while . However , the fun starts after she drugs him after telling him `` Never drink anything you did n't mix yourself '' he did n't listen so he woke up tied to a chair . Again , I think that Haley is the hero of every little girl who has been targeted , taken advantage of , stalked , of preyed upon by a pedophile . On the Internet or otherwise . Jeff got everything he deserved , and then some . Do n't get me started on the casteration scene ... THAT WAS CLASSIC ! I had to watch it again just to see him beg . To make this review short , I think you 'll really like this movie . It probably become a cult classic later , but for now I think it 's one of those films that fell through the cracks .
 David Slade 's `` Hard Candy '' is one of the few films of the recent past to truly deserve to be called an `` indie . '' An intimate -LRB- only five speaking roles -RRB- psychological thriller , for most of its running time , it dares to implicate the viewer in the misdeeds the two main characters engage in . Thirtysomething photographer Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- talks to smart , precocious teenager Hayley -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- over the internet , and soon arrange a meeting . They go to Jeff 's apartment and have a few drinks . Jeff falls unconscious , and upon waking up , discovers that Hayley has drugged and tied him to a chair . She intends to expose him as a pedophile by any means necessary.Is Jeff a pervy predator or just a lonely guy ? Is Hayley driven by righteous vengenance or psychosis ? The razor sharp dialogue by screenwriter Brian Nelson asks provocative questions about morality , sexuality and justice . It 's unfortunate that by the end , the film decides for us who the real villain is , and thus answers many of its own questions . Also unfortunately , what the viewer is mainly left wondering about are the nuts-and-bolts who/what/where / why/hows of the backstory . Finally , `` Grey 's Anatomy '' actress Sandra Oh is wasted in a tiny role that 's purely functional.Nevertheless , there 's an overwhelming amount of evidence to strongly recommend the film . Even though the action mainly takes place in Jeff 's apartment , Slade keeps things moving at a brisk pace , and the script is so alive with twisted energy that to say the least , one is never bored . The setup is so simple and provocative , it 's a wonder it has n't been done before -LRB- okay , films revolving around pedophilia are kind of a tough sell -RRB- . Best of all , Page 's performance is near-revelatory -- she creates a character that is both convincingly righteous and completely insane . No matter how frustrating the resolution , you know you 've just seen something you wo n't soon forget . If you 're a guy who 's ever pitched a tent while watching a Britney Spears video and instantly felt sleazy , `` Hard Candy '' will scare you limp .
 Wow , this one really came out of nowhere . Read as little as you can about the film as possible before seeing it . This is one of the most challenging , intelligent , well-acted thrillers in years , and it contains one of the scariest scenes put to film ever . A great film that does n't tell you what to think , but rather asks you to think on your own . 5/5 stars !
 I enjoyed this movie . I also watched it with several friends and they all watched and liked it . They did say that it was n't anything that they expected and they said that it was as equally funny as disturbing . I enjoyed the young girls performance as Haley . He mannerisms were just perfect when she was doing the young girl part . The guy who played the photographer/predator was also very good . It was one of those movies where you just loved seeing this guy who is a real scum get tormented.Good flick
 I never heard of this film until two days ago when I looked at the new DVD releases for this week . After reading the reviews on this site and at -LSB- ... -RSB- I headed to the video store , they had five copies but only one in stock . I asked the clerk if she had any feedback , she said yes , she saw it last night and was the best film she watched this year . Needless to say , I rented that copy and watched it last night.Since the other reviews deal with the storyline , here 's my general impression . It 's a gritty film with superb acting , probably just a notch below films like `` Taxi Driver '' or `` In Cold Blood '' . It will keep your attention for the entire 105 minutes even though the film is mostly dialogue and is filmed indoors at one location . The female lead is a 14 year old who I believe was 15 in real life , she gives a performance that if the world was fair , she would win best actress.For young filmakers the bonus features are really nice since they deal completely with movie making and are about an hour long . The producer talks about how the basic story idea came about , finding a screenwriter and working out a first draft . Next came securing the right director and holding auditions , especially for the young actress . The film was shot in 18 days for under a million dollars and was finished about July 2004 . They secured a prime screening slot at Sundance , a midnight showing . However , they were late starting because the Dolby Sound went out and then people outside waiting in line realized there was too many people for the number of seats . The Sundance people became perturbed , but eventually everything was fixed and viewing went off . However , as soon as the film ended all of the studio people immediately left the theater , they soon learned it was because they all wanted to call their studios for permission to sign the film.Within two days of the Sundance showing they had sold the international rights and later after pitching the film to ten American studios , six wanted the film . The studio had to agree not to change a single frame of the film , which was the case . However , once it was in the hands of a studio they were concerned about the trailer , which is included , and if they would giveaway too much of the storyline . They were completely happy with the trailer.The director also talked about the film 's technical aspects , digital coloring , the work of the focus puller , and the music score , background colors , etc. . How music in a drama is used mostly to heighten a situation or to hide something , and in this film there is only nine minutes of music including the opening and closing credits . They wanted the dialogue to be uncluttered so they used a lot of ambient sound instead of music . Also , they shyed away from pulling in on the actor 's face to add drama , but instead they used lighting to highlight the intensity . They chose to darken the actor 's face but without darkening the background , however to accomplish this required a lot of trial and error . Many of the techniques used actually went unnoticed by me and it was n't until seeing the bonus features and the director bringing them to my attention did I realize what they had done.The film opened in the U.S. fifteen months after Sundance , April 14 , 2006 premiering in New York and Los Angeles on 50 screens . It did better than any other limited release for that number of screens . This explains why I never heard of it , I do n't believe it even played in the Baltimore area . Anyway , the DVD is now available and it 's a film any serious movie goer should see , I also highly recommend the film for parents of teenage daughters , but it should be a must for their daughters to see as well .
 `` Hard Candy '' is a perfectly titled movie . With patience , the director and actors set up the premise -- deceptively simple on the surface . A thirty-something photographer agrees to meet a fourteen-year-old female at a local shop . She plays coy , curious , and sophisticated to his standoffish , yet asking-for-trouble behavior . On the wall , we spot a `` Missing '' poster for a young woman . Soon , Jeff and Haley head for his home in the rich hills of L.A. And the fun begins.I knew beforehand that the movie dealt with a man and a teenager . I expected her to become the victim who fights back . She is that . But she is one step ahead . With skillful dialogue and clues , the script refuses to give things away too soon . Is Jeff a kidnapper , a molester , a killer ? Is Haley merely caught up in adolescent hormones and fantasy ? Despite an R rating , `` Hard Candy '' shows respect for the themes and ideas it explores , never objectifying young women . We see no skin . We are pulled into this vengefully-seasoned tale , wondering who is guilty and what punishment is justified.In a world where films often go to extremes , feeding us poison to warn against the use of poison , `` Hard Candy '' sidesteps that mistake and stays almost myopically focused on its purpose . The acting is superb on both parts . There are some loose ends -LRB- a nosy neighbor who has nothing to do with the outcome -RRB- and some psychological ploys a little too edgy for a young teen . We do get some final explanation , few answers , yet just enough to give us food for thought in this double-edged cautionary tale .
 I love this movie . It really makes us ask ourself some hard questions , and many different answers can come depending on your personal beliefs and life experiences . Is it realistic ? No , of course not , that 's why it 's fiction.I 've seen this movie compared to other movies , such as Fatal Attraction . Ignore these comparisons , as a movie like this has simply not been made . I DO NOT reccomend this movie for children . I 'm pretty liberal with what I 'll allow my 12 and 14 year old daughters to watch , as I enjoy having in depth conversations with them after difficult movies , but I draw the line at this one . One reason for this is that a child predator did strike our family , but I still doubt I would allow this for a child or young teen . I would definately reccomend that parents watch this long before allowing their kids or teens to do so .
 We all know that cyberstalkers belong in prison , but `` Hard Candy , '' directed by David Slade in his feature debut , tells a riveting tale about a 14-year-old teenager named Hayley Stark -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- who takes justice into her own hands by seeking vengeance on a cyberstalking pedophile , a 32-year old fashion photographer named Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- who may have tortured the teenager 's friend , although the teenager is a somewhat unstable person herself , and it 's unclear whether her story is accurate . The great aspect of this movie is the amount of second-guessing it asks of the viewer , and the general feeling of moral ambivalence . The cyberstalker is hardly a sympathetic character , having threatened innocent people online , and is made to suffer in one of the most chilling torture scenes ever committed to celluloid . Page offers one of the most riveting performances of the year , and it is heartening to see she has been well recognized for this role . She has a promising acting career ahead of her .
 Hard Candy is a film that takes many risks . And more often than not those risks pay off big . Without giving too much away , this film tackles timely societal taboos and stereotypes that likely rendered it unmarketable to mainsteam theaters , thus preventing a wide release . But do not allow those factors to deter you from seeing this film . Hard Candy is at once original , thought provoking , intense and riveting . It is the sort of film that grabs your attention immediately and DEMANDS that you keep watching no matter how difficult the journey promises to become.The plot is quite simple really . It involves a 32 year old fashion photographer and the 14 year old girl he has been chatting with on the internet for several weeks . They hit it off well enough and agree to meet at a coffee shop to `` get to know each other better '' . Now if you 've seen Dateline NBC lately then you know this creepy scenario is all too real to life . For the viewer , their first meeting is a very unsettling yet very effective scene where in fact they do nothing more than talk to one another . Hard Candy is the rare film that culls its intensity more from what it chooses not to show rather than from extreme graphic content.Which brings me to an important point . Those who may be apprehensive about the film 's content ... rest assured that Hard Candy handles the subject matter wihout gratuitousness or graphic sexual content . Much to it 's credit , Hard Candy is n't out to shock us with glimpses of extreme sexual perversion . As such it never devolves into a `` by the numbers '' depiction of the anatomy of a sexual predator . In fact I ca n't recall so much as a single kiss that takes place in the film , nor a single example of nudity , partial or otherwise.The film promises and delivers an emotionally charged , gripping story that does n't let up in the least until the end . It is superbly acted and shot with vivid colors and crisp images . Stylistically , I was reminded of a Hitchcock style thriller when watching Hard Candy . In my book that 's high praise indeed .
 For those who gave this film a poor review , I suggest you make time and watch it again . It provides a much needed message to both young girls -LRB- and boys -RRB- and would be pedophiles alike ... think your actions through and know the possible consequences prior to moving forward.Yes ! The film was a bit drawn out , but that 's reality . Sometimes , communication goes on between a victim and the preditor for a long period of time , before opportunity presents itself . Which only adds to the down play of the dangers the youths of today face , when interacting with complete strangers over the internet . Everyone feels as though it could happen to them , when in reality ... everyone is at risk !! I would -LRB- and have -RRB- recommended this film to others .
 amazing movie !!!! really creative and you never really know whats going to happen next ... . loved it !!! it is a little weird though but i loved it
 Ellen Page and Patrick Wilson power this suspense thriller through its paces . Hold on to your armchair and beware of popcorn lest you spill it all over your chest . This movie answers the question what if the pedophile predator is the prey , and it does so in convincing , tension-filled scenes . While the cast is small , and the action mostly occurs in a few rooms , Ellen Page dominates the screen with her relentless motivation , meticulous planning and the exquisite torment she puts Patrick Wilson through . A real knuckle-biter !
 Whether you love it , or loath it , one thing that I think most people can agree with is that `` Hard Candy '' signals the arrival of a major new talent ... Ellen Page , co-staring as `` Hayley Stark , '' alongside Patrick Wilson 's `` Jeff Kohlver . '' For someone so young - only 15 or 16 when she made this - Page 's performance is astonishing . One minute she 's a fumbling and embarrassed teen almost out of her depth on her first date with an older man , the next , a terrifyingly twisted and disturbed angel of vengeance , determined to visit bloody retribution on a man she accuses of being a pedophile , and possibly even a murderer.This basic scenario is given to us up-front in the film 's marketing material , and in the Amazon review above ; I 'm guessing that the filmmakers thought they HAD to give away the old-switcheroo at the outset , otherwise , how many people would go to the theatre to see a film about a pedophile stalking a 14yr old girl ?! The initial meeting between Hayley and Jeff at the Nighthawks Caf&eacute; - a kind-of Starbucks knock-off but without the Internet access ! LOL ! - is masterfully handled , especially by Page . It 's almost as if she is n't acting at all , in an extraordinarily nuanced performance , the body language , the flickering and uncertain expressions , the fumbled gestures and words are so natural that you really believe you 're looking at a young girl barely into her teens . And that 's quite a trick , considering that we KNOW she 's going to transform into the teen-psycho-slasher-babe-from-Hell in a very short period of time!And lest you think this review is turning into a fully paid-up member of the Ellen Page fan club - LOL ! - let 's NOT forget Patrick Wilson 's performance as Jeff . Wilson has an incredibly tough job to do here ; we the audience suspect , we think we know , that he IS the monster Hayley will soon accuse him of being , but we ca n't be sure , so we have to be able to sympathize with Jeff , at least to a degree , and Wilson 's performance compliments Page 's beautifully . In this initial meeting , after weeks of on-line chatting , Jeff is smooth , urbane , cultured and sophisticated , as Haley says , `` You really just do n't look like kind of guy who needs to meet girls over the Internet . '' In fact , Jeff , a successful fashion photographer , is so hip and so cool that he even drives one of those funky new Mini Coopers around town . But something dark and edgy hides just beneath the surface , and we get a glimpse of that in his reply to Hayley 's previous compliment , '' ... When you work as a photographer you find out real quick peoples faces lie . '' `` Does my face lie ? '' is Hayley 's guileless response.After this initial set-up the action quickly moves to Jeff 's house in the LA hills via a vaguely unsettling scene where , at Hayley 's urging , Jeff gets down on his knees and `` worships '' her in the parking lot . There 's also a nicely edited sequence where we see Hayley 's steely resolve peeking out for the first time from behind the `` cute '' exterior in a self-satisfied smile to herself as they wind their way through the hills . To say that Jeff AND Hayley both harbor secrets is putting it mildly!Once they arrive at Jeff 's home , which doubles as his photographic studio , things take a very serious turn for the worse - for Jeff ! - and it 's here that the film really takes off , and spends the majority of its 100 + minute running time . To say that things become intense is an understatement ; the majority of the film is just Hayley and Jeff on screen together , figuratively and metaphorically tearing each other to pieces , the camera follows them around , prowling through the house in extended takes reminiscent of Hitchcock 's `` Rope . `` Jeff finally understands that things are n't going as , he planned , when he wakes up from one-too-many Screwdrivers tied to a chair with a shirt over his head . His oh-so-cute and beguiling ingenue is nowhere to be seen , having been replaced by a brittle and explosively violent whack-job stridently accusing him of being a child molester!I wo n't go into what happens next as many other reviews have already covered that , some , in fact , appear to fixate on Hayley 's proposed act of `` preventative maintenance '' as if that 's all there is to the film , but once again , just as in the opening scenes at Nighthawks , what makes this work for me are the masterful performances.Hayley veers , frighteningly , between barely controlled anger , sneering contempt , feigned concern , and seething rage that boils to the surface repeatedly . One of the most telling scenes for me is one where Jeff almost escapes , and after barely managing to subdue him , Hayley turns her rage and anger at losing control of the situation , against herself ... ouch!When Jeff is initially faced with Hayley 's accusations of pedophilia and maybe even murder , he reacts in the only way he can , blustering self-righteous denial and outrage at the very suggestion . But as his situation becomes progressively worse , as Hayley digs ever deeper into his secret world , and lets him know what she intends to do , he desperately tries to find a way to `` get through '' to her . As a professional photographer he 's used to being in control of situations , of communicating his ideas and wants to the models he shoots , of getting under their skin , to see what makes them tick , so that he can draw that ever elusive `` something '' out into the open and capture it on film . But Hayley is more than a match for him , she contemptuously throws his attempts at empathy back in his face , 'til he 's reduced to whining , blaming others to justify his own past actions , and ultimately begging her not to destroy him.These scenes are strong meat , emotionally draining , and lead , via the much-talked about `` maintenance '' sequence - which IS squirm inducing ! - to an inevitable and nihilistic ending . I 'm not saying that the resolution to the film is telegraphed or easy to spot - I did n't see it coming 'til it was too late , as it were - but given the set-up and the situation the characters find themselves in , there was no other way to finish the story , and to that end it is , to my mind , eminently satisfying.Mind you , as much as I obviously thoroughly enjoyed `` Hard Candy , '' the film is not without its flaws ; one particular scene of Hayley manhandling an unconscious Jeff had me thinking `` No WAY ! '' and some of the situations do feel somewhat forced and contrived . Ultimately though , and whatever its drawbacks , the two stellar central performances by Page and Wilson , as the terribly damaged Hayley and Jeff , are what bring me back to this film again and again . If you 're anything like me those performances will keep you riveted to the screen , unable to look away , 'til the last image fades to black .
 This movie is n't what I would say shocking . I have seen movies quite a bit more voilent . I would n't consider this a horror but a suspence , it 's more so a gigantic mind game . This is a very tense film , the castration scene had me sitting on the edge of my seat . All I can say is this is brilliant , and the acting is phononimal . I see the chick playing Haley really going places . Do yourself a favor if you are into the whole Hitchcockian theme ... GET THIS !
 I remember seeing a trailer for this film at the movies awhile ago , but I do n't remember it ever being released at theaters near me . I had forgotten all about it . Then the other day I was at the video store and they had a copy left . I rented it still not remembering the preview I had seen until well into the film . All I could say was WOAH ! This film is fierce , smart , and intense . Not for the squeamish but SEE IT ! It 's worth it .
 Occasionally a piece of cinema pushes boundaries and hits its audience with issues pertaining to choice , judgement , and morality . These are the type of films that divide audiences and add heated comments to after dinner discussions . One such film in recent memory was THE WOODSMAN , starring Kevin Bacon , a story about a pedophile trying to integrate himself back into normal society after being released from prison . It pushed us beyond our normal comfort level and forced us to view the world in a somewhat more empathetic manner regarding these people -LRB- a pretty uncomfortable thing to even think about -RRB- . And HARD CANDY asks the viewer similar disturbing questions but ping-pongs us back and forth between doubt and certainty about what 's happening between the two main characters . . The story opens with two people in a chat room on the internet , typing suggestive comments to each other . A face-to-face meeting is arranged and when the two come together , it is obvious there are issues here
 I ordered this movie on a thurs. with regular shipping and it arrived within less than 5 days . great service and exactly what I wanted !
 The DVD arrived as good as new . It was safely wrapped and in good condition . I would purchase from the same seller again
 Welcome to the candy store . That 's what the Internet is , a candy store . You can get your candy from were ever you can imagine , like magic.The Internet is a wonderfull thing , but all wonderfull things turn wicked quite easily.A Thirty something man has been chatting up some young thing for three weeks now . It 's perfectly legal for a grown man to correspond with a child , it 's when they try to meet that things get sticky.Lensman319 -LRB- Jeff -RRB- and Thonggrrrl14 -LRB- Haley -RRB- decide they want a face to face , and meet up at a coffee shop.The scene opens with the young girl deeply enjoying a piece of chocolate cake . He comes into the scene as she groans with delight of the smoothness of her Boston Cream Pie.The two slink back into a more secluded part of the coffee shop , so they can talk more privetly.She is sweetness , as would be expected of a forteen year old girl . He is the experienced older man , bruteing with his smile.He woos her with talk of her maturity and brilliance . Upon hearing about a burned MP3 of a concert Jeff has back at his place , Haley insists upon comeing over.They unwind a bit with a few drinks , once there . But being the wise honor student Haley is , she insists upon mixing the Screwdrivers herself.Haley coos and fawns over Jeff as he tells her about his work , and his life . Haley mixes another round of drinks for them , and decides it 's time for him to take her picture now.She dances around a bit , noticably intoxicated , and begins to strip , but not down completely.Jeffy starts to get less patient , and a little woosy . After a brief sputter of , `` I dont feel so good . '' Jeff passes out.He wakes after a pause of darkness , and shortly realizes some one has strapped him to a chair ... Want to see more ? Then get this movie , its a keeper . Hard Candy is a wondefull thriller about Pedefillia and a much needed pay back.Aside from the extras , the only cast characters are Ellen Page -LRB- Haley -RRB- , Patrick Willson -LRB- Jeff -RRB- , and Sandra Oh -LRB- Judy -RRB- . One of my favorite rants is about thirty minutes in : ... -LRB- Haley -RRB- `` She was so sexy . She was asking for it . She was only technically a girl . She acted like a woman.It 's just so easy to blame a kid , is n't it ? Just because a girl knows how to imitate a woman , does not mean she 's ready to do what a woman does!I mean , your the grown-up here . If a kid is experimenting and says something flirtatious , you ignore it ! You do n't encourage it.If a kid says , `` Hey lets make Screwdrivers . `` You take the alcohal away , and you do n't race them to the next drink ! ''
 I knew this film would be brutal , but the level of edge of your seat frightening was unexpected . Wow , Ellen Page was this normal , cheerful kid one minute and a calm quiet , borderline psychopath the next . It was like her level of evil against his , and I could n't determine who was worse . The movie was well done , but very dark and wo n't be for everyone .
 WARNING
 Hard Candy starts out looking poorly written , with stronge innuedoes of sexually language with a 16 year old girl , but when the plot opens up to the real reasons of her being with him , it draws you in to her sick world . You will find yourself rooting of her success and her pity all in the same scene . Overall this movie stay in my must see list of Great Plot Twist ever . ... Look out for actress ELLEN PAGE .
 Hard Candy is spectacular . I had no idea what it was about but saw the little girl in a red hooded sweatshirt and decided to see it -LRB- very educated guess , I know -RRB- . It turned out that this is a great film , with superb acting . The acting , more so than the incredible story is the strength of this movie . Ellen Page -LRB- Mouth to Mouth , I Downloaded a Ghost -RRB- plays the protagonist marvelously . Patrick Wilson -LRB- Running with Scissors , Angels in America -RRB- 's anguish and creepiness are in tune with where they need to be throughout the entire movie . Any further review will be a spoiler for the plot and this movie deserves to be seen without preamble . It deals with a hard topic in a harsh way but true to its title , it also contains sweetness too - the acting by the cast , particularly the two main characters -LRB- there are only five actors in the entire movie -RRB- .
 This edgy psycological thriller will keep you riveted to the screen . The acting is first-rate and the story will stay with you for a long time .
 `` Hard Candy '' is not an easy movie to watch . The beginning starts off with Ellen Page , a 14 year old tomboy wise beyond her years meeting a 32 year old man for coffee and going back to his house with him . You know that nothing good can come of this and nothing does , but not in the way you expect . Few films can build psychological tension the way this one does , the bantering between the two leads , Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page is disturbing because it is so realistic . You imagine that this his how predators pick up on young girls , playing to their interests and vulnerabilities.After the tables are turned and the predator finds himself a victim the movie becomes truly disturbing , not because you sympathize with Wilson 's character , he 's a charming , amoral scumbag , but because of the intensity of Page 's character . You ca n't help but wonder what she 's been through and what has driven her to behave in such an extreme fashion and the revenge she serves up is not at all satisfying . The expression on her face in the last scene will stay with you long after the movie ends.The last film I saw that had me on the edge of my seat like this one did was `` Death and the Maiden '' . Like `` Death and the Maiden '' this film does n't take the easy road of a morally clear ending and instead ends on a morally ambiguous note .
 Does anyone know when this movie is going to come out because I really want to see it ?????????
 This is the best little chestnut of a movie . It 's about a 14-year-old girl -LRB- played by the amazing Ellen Page -RRB- who wreaks some most-righteous justice on a 32-year-old pedophile who made the mistake of chatting her up online . Although I was a bit disappointed that the film was n't as brutal as it could have been -LRB- you 'll know the scene I 'm talking about when you see it -RRB- , and it is pretty unrealistic that a 14-year-old could pull off some of the stunts , it is still the feel-good film of the year . -LRB- Unless you 're a pedophile , I suppose ... -RRB- Scores extra points for having the most realistic chat sequence I 've ever seen committed to celluloid .
 Ok so at least 2 months ago I went on fear net so I could browse some movies and I came upon this movie and im like `` Hard Candy '' ? What is that ? Well I decided to watch this flick and was extemley impressed . It was somewhat simalair to saw except not cheesier or cgi . This movie shocked me a lot but I was not fascinated with how the movie is set on a sexual predotor and him getting beat up . Now a lot of people probably and most likely do n't like this flick but if you ask me this movie was worth watching because it has suspense and thriller a lot of stuff you do n't find in thrillers these days . Its really worth it .
 This is a very interesting plot . You are drawn into what is going to happen next . Would not recommend this to a preteen .
 This movie held my attention the entire time . Two of my favorite actors . It 's nice to watch a movie surrounding this topic with the prey coming out on top .
 If your wifi is good then you 'll have no problem viewing this movie . It was a great production , Patrick Wilson did a phenomenal job at acting as a pedophile .
 Great ... . This is an Excelent Product ... 100 % Recommended ...
 I have a very selective taste when it comes to films and Hard Candy is definitely now one of my favorites . I 'm disappointed that I did n't know about it until I saw it on Amazon . It precedes Juno , which Ellen Page got a lot of recognition for , but I think she should have gotten more attention for this film than Juno , Hard Candy is just that good ... her performance in the film is that good . Very convincing and believable.The movie is exciting , it keeps you interested at all times . I wo n't go into details because any little bit would spoil the plot , I 'm actually disappointed that I watched the trailer , I feel the trailer gives too much away.Again , this is not for overly sensitive individuals that get offended easily by certain subject matters , it requires a higher level of intellect and open-mindedness to appreciate this excellent work of cinema .
 FINALLY A MOVIE ABOUT REVENGE ON A PHEDOFILE , ABOUT GETTING EVEN WITH ONE AND I AM ON HER SIDE , I THINK SHES AWESOME AND THE ONLY MOVIE I WOULD WATCH .
 If you like/love this movie -LRB- or if you 're just a fan of Ellen Page -RRB- then you 're sure to enjoy it in HD .
 This is an awesome movie . Ellen Page does a wonderful job . It will keep you on the edge of your seat and reeling with questions for days after .
 I wish I never saw this movie , but once started I could n't stop . The film was bleak and dreadful and the manipulations of the two characters back and forth were exhausting . The acting was superb . The scenes were gruesome and the tortures used made me realize that this kind of thing can happen easily if one wants to ambush and torture another person and there are many ways in order to do this that are inexpensive and the items are your everyday household items , really simple . Watch this movie and you will never lightly walk somewhere with an acquantance that you hardly know , male or female to their car , apartment building , a normal walk and you most likely will not speak to anyone waiting in the movie line next to you . Maybe this movie is a good reality check . I started feeling real regret that women are taking defense classes , kick-boxing , karate , getting themselves strong and muscular and using these skills to beat up , torture and worse , men and women . I realize that most women however do n't use their defense skills to torture men or anyone for that matter . This is a disturbing and unpleasant movie with great acting and a good storyline , very unpleasant .
 So many films follow stock plots , have uninspired dialogue , and let you know what the ending is either in the first five minutes , or even earlier , in the trailer . Hard Candy , on the other hand , has a wonderful plot , absolutely brilliant dialogue , and keeps you guessing until the very last moment of the movie . It does so , rather surprisingly , * without * resorting to cheap gimmicks.Not a word in this film is unnecessary . In a heartbeat , you could side completely with one character , and in the very next , be questioning those very sentiments . Each character is playing each other , and in turn , the audience.The film 's realism makes the horror-like scenes truly disturbing to watch . One of my friends simply walked out , not able to take any more , even though almost nothing was really shown . The implied horror plays terrible games with your own fears , and you find your self cringing at the tiniest , yet unmistakeable sounds.Hard Candy is not for everyone ; but everyone should see it . Even if you do n't enjoy it , the film is never uninteresting . It 's an experience you wo n't soon forget .
 This review is for the Australian import Blu-Ray Hard Candy , as of today there is no US Blu-Ray release of this film . This Blu-Ray is region A/B/C but the disc was encoded at 1080i/50Hz and will not play in many US Blu-Ray players including the PS3 -LRB- I tested it on my fully updated US PS3 and got a black screen 1-9-2010 -RRB- . The movie itself looks and sounds great on Blu-Ray and this release includes absolutely zero in the extras department .
 For its relatively short length and somewhat minimalistic setting , `` Hard Candy '' is a film that contains more depth and complexity than I could ever touch on all of in this review.The story centers around two main characters , a young girl named Haley -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- , who meets an older man on the internet -LRB- Patrick Wilson , not to be confused with the drummer from Weezer -RRB- whom she suspects to be a sexual predator . At first , it appears that she is falling for his act and taking the bait , and as they go back to his house , it is apparent to the viewer that bad things are on the horizon . This is true , but not at all in the way that you 'd expect . Haley soon reveals herself to be an extremely angry and vengeful person who was plotting all along to take her deep-seated rage out on this guy . I wo n't go into the specifics , but things get quite unpleasant for this fellow.What ensues is a very interesting and horrific ballet between the two , in which you see a dizzying array of different emotional layers in both characters . One of the most brilliant things about this movie is that there is really no designated `` hero '' or `` villian '' here , and it 's almost like your sympathy is meant to shift from one character to the other . Jeff -LRB- the male character -RRB- is indeed revealed to be a pretty bad person , but we also see numerous moments in which he appears sympathetic , and you almost feel sorry for him , even knowing what kind of person he really is . Likewise , Haley , while an obviously intelligent person with largely good intentions , is so driven by her vengeance and rage that she frequently comes off as frighteningly psychotic . The lines of `` good '' and `` evil '' are so heavily blurred between them at times that there almost seems to be no protagonist at all.One of the biggest themes , obviously , is the irrational justification of depravity . Haley talks about being disgusted by the ways in which pedophiles attempt to justify their actions , but ironically she is doing the same thing herself . In her own twisted way , she feels that she is doing what has to be done , even though her actions are just as horrific . We see these two characters that are both sick and twisted , albeit in very different ways , and neither can see their own hypocrisy , even if they can recognize it in each other . There is so much more that can be discussed here , but I think I 'll leave it at that.Now it is time to once again praise the incredible Ellen Page . Many know her as the lovable title character in `` Juno '' , but here she proves her amazing versatility with a nearly polar opposite type of performance . Her performance is dark , venomous , and downright bone-chilling , and even with her small and unimposing stature creates a truly terrifying character . But again , she 's not a complete monster , and Ellen does an incredible job of bringing many different levels to the character . Likewise , Wilson does the same for Jeff , in the sense that he is never completely a villian or a victim . There is so much complexity to both characters , and both actors do an amazing job of bringing all those different facets together in their respective roles.The cinematography is awesome as well . David Slade -LRB- who more recently did `` 30 Days of Night '' -RRB- is characteristic for using this sort of jerky camera effect , to give the sequences a sort of nightmarish surrealism . The whole thing almost feels like a frightening dream , and entirely taking place between two characters in a small setting , it is all the more nightmarish.This is definitely not an easy film to watch , nor is it recommended to the faint of heart , but it is a brilliant examination of the dark side of human nature . Whether you love it hate it , it will definitely stay with you long after it 's over .
 I was not expecting this movie to be so GOOD , but was I ever surprised!Excellent acting all the way across the board , too.This story is about the revenge of a young girl , against a pedophile who she believes has taken advantage of young women by raping , molesting , and even murdering one girl.By acting like a young , sweet , and innocent girl in a chat room , she lures this man to his apartment , and once there , and drugged , and with no one around to hear him - The games begin !!! This young girl is such an excellent actress , she had me believing for a minute that this was not a movie !! and the games continue , until the shocking climax of the movie ... There is a casteration scene on his kitchen table that you will never forget.Although not the best movie I ever saw , this is way at the top of my list!I have wondered why this movie is called `` Hard Candy '' and I think it is because , to a pedophile , this young girl is as they say ` Eye candy ' - Candy for the eyes , Yet she is wise and tough and hard beyond her years , therefore
 I really enjoyed this movie , in the fact that it totally disturbed and got to me . It was SO DIFFICULT to watch . Any man over the age of eighteen will be `` touched '' by this movie in a weird way . It is a thriller to its most basic elements ; and its clear what the message of the movie is.It was unbelieveable how well the acting was -LRB- for new-comers -RRB- , and using only one set was crucial for the tension of the movie.If you think you are tough , try and sit still , throughout this masterpiece of terror.Not for the faint of heart or anyone interested in someone younger than them .
 First of all , I want to say that it is completely ignorant of Pete Hammond to call this film `` Fatal Attraction for a new age . '' Sure , `` Fatal Attraction '' was a good film that asks many questions . However , nothing , in any form , can compare to what this film does . Secondly , for those of you giving this film a bad review , you knew , by reading the back of the box , that this would be about pedophilia , and the extreme measures of one girl trying to teach him a lesson . You ca n't discredit the film for that reason . Many reviewers , including Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper , have highly reccomended this film , but they have also added a warning that this film would be extremely uncomfortable . And boy , is it.The beginning of this film is not too out of the ordinary of the context of the plot . Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- is a thirtysomething fashion photographer , with a thing for younger girls . Much younger . He talks to Hayley -LRB- Ellen Page , in an extremely Oscar-worthy role -RRB- in an online chat room , and she agrees to meet him at a local coffee shot . After discussing various things , Jeff tells Hayley of his profession , and she agrees to go to his house and let him photograph her . In the beginning , we feel nothing but disgust for Jeff , as we should , but later in the film , we get caught in a limbo . More on that in a second . Jeff and Hayley arrive at his -LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- house , and Jeff offers Hayley a drink . More disgust . Hayley tells Jeff that she learned in school that a person should n't take any drink they have n't mixed themselves . Hayley proceeds to mix drinks , and Jeff should have taken a lesson . After more small talk , Hayley turns on the music , and starts getting rowdy on Jeff 's couch . By this time , Jeff is feeling a bit under the weather , and soon passes out . When he wakes up , he finds himself tied to a chair . He first dismisses it as a `` sex game '' but soon realizes that Hayley means business . For most of the film , we feel the base feeling of contempt and disgust for Jeff . But what follows , at least from a male perspective , draws sympathy towards Jeff . I do n't want to say that I feel bad for what happens next , but ... yes , I do . I did feel bad for Jeff . Before you call me a pedophile , let me explain . Nothing on the face of the Earth could have prepared me for what was about to happen . Jeff get 's knocked out again , and the next time he wakes up , it 's like we 've been drawn into `` Saw '' -LRB- except so much better -RRB- . He wakes up on a cold table , pants down around his ankles , and an icebag on his privates . Hayley comes in with shaving cream and a razor . Jeff asks what it 's for . Hayley tells Jeff that she needs to shave him if she 's going to castrate him . Are you serious ? She is , and , as if to give Jeff some relief , she tells him that she has a medical book to help her . Whew , that would take a load off of my chest . What follows is one of the most dramatically intense scenes that I have ever encountered in a film . I ca n't even begin to describe it . If I told you anything else , I would be giving it away , but just know this . The climax of this film is one of the most suspensful climaxes I have ever seen.In reading Roger Ebert 's review of this film , he posed a question that never even crossed my mind . `` Still , what precisely is going on here , and is it anywhere near as clear as it seems ? Is -LSB- Hayley -RSB- perhaps getting some pleasure of her own out of the situation she has created for Jeff ? Are there two perverts in the room ? '' Brilliantly said , and I think there is a sound argument behind it . I think I 'll leave that question unanswered . I like to leave things open-ended . The fact is , this film is brilliant . It 's suspensful , terrifying , and knows how to push taboos . The performances are brilliant , especially Page 's , and this is one of my favorite -LRB- with a warning -RRB- films of the year . This has serious top-ten contention .
 TiVo thought I 'd like it . My collection has 400 DVD 's . In the best movies , there 's a moment where I say to myself , `` That just made my DVD List ! `` That moment on Tivo came fairly early in Hard Candy . Bought the DVD -LRB- my brother does n't have BluRay , yet .
 this movie was sick and crazy . I loved it because you can never guess what was going to happen next . This movie has a lot of suspenseful moments and those wtf moments . You have to watch this movie ! The turn out is so good !!
 This is a well crafted psychological thriller with a very sensitive theme . Great cast and writing . It definitely held my attention . I highly recommend this movie if you like edgy films .
 This movie is surprising ... dark , thrilling and unexpected ... obviously this movie would never reach a huge mass market ... but like may other specialty films , this one will not dissappoint those who like the following movies
 I love this movie it 's sooo suspenseful and she had her proof cuz she said she took care of the guy who did that to the girl he told her it was Jeff I just love this movie < 3
 This movie was so suspensful , the ending was n't what I expected in any way , but it was a damn good movie . I love Ellen Page .
 Page 's performance put her on the map . You 'll not forget her if you see this flick.This movie is intense . It is unsettling . And it is terrific .
 `` Hard Candy '' is a 2005 horror-thriller film that is directed by David Slade , written by Brian Nelson , and stars Patrick Wilson , Ellen Page , and Sandra Oh.The movie is about a 32-year old computer predator named Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- who works as a fashion photographer for a living . He 's a single person who lives alone in an apartment . When he 's not working , he enjoys spending his time on the internet . One day , he meets who he thinks is a 14-year old girl named Hayley -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- in an internet chatroom . Jeff spends weeks grooming Hayley.For the unaware - `` Grooming '' is a term that is used to describe what perverts do when they chat with who they think are teenagers online . See , some pedophiles love the anoymity of the internet . They may be too scared to flirt with teens in real life because they could get caught , so they go online to find their victims . They go into chatrooms , IM people who identify themselves as teenagers in the chatroom , and the pedo starts off as being a stranger online to a teen , but after weeks of chatting and compliments , this child molester is no longer a stranger , but now a good friend.These adults act real sweet , funny , and friendly with a teenager online because they know some teens are very insecure , and that being a teen can be a tough age , thus they can be easily tricked by people who appear to care and `` understand '' them . Their parents and teachers and even their friends may not `` get '' them , but this person they are chatting with online does.Little do these poor kids realize these grown-up 's are only interested in one thing , and are only looking to earn the teen 's trust so they can then make their move.This stuff has gone on for years , and goes on all over the world.In the case with the film `` Hard Candy '' - After three weeks of pleasantly chatting online , both Jeff and Hayley decide to meet at a local coffee shop in real life.Jeff and Hayley have great chemistry , and you would think with the way the two communicate that this was the start of a blossoming new romance , and the film has the makings of what could have been a good romantic film.Except there 's a big problem that both Jeff and we the audience are aware of : Hayley is a 14-year old girl , and while Jeff does n't appear to be a sexually graphic pervert in their online chats and in real life , the way he speaks to Hayley in such a flirtatious way is still creepy because we the audience know she is only fourteen , as does Jeff.He buys her chocolate and a t-shirt , and he gives her all sorts of compliments that any insecure 14-year old girl would appreciate such as `` Well , you look older then what you are , and you certainly act older then what you are . `` Fourteen is a very emotionally-charged age , and being told you look and act older then what you are by an adult you respect is something that a lot of fourteen-year old 's would love to hear , and Jeff and men like him know that , and they groom so many young women with the hope that they will score with them , not at all caring that having sex as such a young age -LRB- especially with a grown adult -RRB- can damage a person mentally forever.It 's also disturbing just knowing that in too many cases these men only like these girls because of their age , and do n't really care about them . It 's just a fetish for them , so what happens to a girl that they have sex with after she grows up is of no little interest to them.Jeff is also not an ugly man by any means . Far from it - He 's very handsome , he 's young , he has money , is very giving , and is the type of man any woman of any age would love to be with . Sadly , Jeff has a few dark secrets . One of them clearly being is he likes his women young . Too young.As the film plays on , we the audience learn Jeff has a few more disturbing secrets.However ... Hayley has a few dark secrets of her own.That 's all I 'll type because I do n't desire to spoil the movie for those who have not seen it . I watched this movie knowing very little , so everything was a surprise for me . This film has all sorts of twists and turns that will leave your head spinning . I found this to be one of the most darkest , disturbing and shocking films I 've ever seen ! It 's a horror film for computer predators and their victims ! It has a real creepy , dark , and depressing atmosphere.There will be times this film will just make you feel miserable , but it will keep your attention , and entertain you.It also has an artsy , indy film feel to it . It 's a very well made film with wonderful writing , directing and acting . The instrumental music is great and the color on the screen is just beautiful.This is a movie that makes you think and does not tell you who the good guy is or who the bad guy is . It 's not about telling you what to think . It 's about making you think for yourself and you may be able to find out a lot about who you are based on what you think about this movie . I also think this is the type of movie you could end up watching a few times and may discover some things you did not notice the first time.Overall , this is a pretty stressful film that will most likely upset you . I 'd type that this is a great film for parents to show their young teenagers IF it was not so disturbing.However , if you really desire to show some tough love and let your children know this kind of violence is out there and that they better be prepared for it , then this is actually a good movie to watch with them , but I 'd watch it yourself first before deciding . It also would not hurt to watch it with them . That way you can censor this movie the way you see it if you like . You should talk to them about it between scenes maybe or after the movie . But please remember , this is not some kid-friendly after school special . It 's raw , it 's real , it 's sick but you may end up saving your children 's lives if you 're bold enough to show them this . I think it 's a lot better to watch pretend violence on a screen then be a victim of real violence.Be careful out there . It 's a real jungle we live in outside of our doors and sometimes the internet is n't any safer .
 this movie was pretty good in the aspect that it is an independent film but it came out with professional qualities like the acting and camera work . And for any scorned young lady this is the movie you should see to make yourself feel cozy at night after you watch what she does to this poor guy . . lol Enjoy !!
 Ok let me tell you upfront that i never write a review for a movie . But `` Hard Candy '' is one of the most SCARIEST movie EVER CREATED!It is Completley terrifying and psychologically harrowing !!! Ellen Page was phenomenal ! You 're jaw will be dropped and wo n't be able to stay shut throughout the whole movie !! and hours before i still could n't stop thinking and being totally engrossed in what i had just seen . `` Hard Candy '' is a complete horror MASTERPIECE !! Forget about the menatlly instable guy movies running aroung with an axe chasing that one blonde chick who takes one too many showers and who-just-happens-to-be-an-all-out-hornball . HARD CANDY takes terror to NEW HEIGHTS of incredible CALIBUR !
 Great movie ! It did keep me on the edge of my seat , I still want to know her motives behind everything .
 Ellen Page is charming in this role , as she later proves again in `` Juno '' . From here I 'd like to see her diversify . Will she be best suited as the teen aged hip-talking girl or can she evolve into more sophisticated parts ? `` Hard Candy '' is a smart mind f. . k film that shows how someone can take a situation into their own hands , literally!It plays like a play & it works.Patrick Wilson is also good as the possible pedophile.We want to know , is he ? Is she over exaggerating?Well worth a watch & you wo n't forget seeing this .
 Good movie ... if `` good '' to you means a movie that commands your attention from start to finish . It 's interesting how one 's sympathies shift back and forth between the stylish bachelor photographer -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- and the young girl -LRB- Ellen Page of `` Juno '' -RRB- . Of course , viewers ' sympathies are never totally with the guy , because at best he 's someone who forms disturbing and inappropriate associations with young teens . And , of course , he might be something much worse . But that 's where one 's personal politics come into play
 Hard Candy is what I would call the perfect ` internet ' themed suspense movie . The story revolves around Hayley , An intelligent pretty 14 yr old girl who likes to spend most of her time online . One day while surfing the internet , She ends up chatting with Jeff - a man who happens to be 17 years older than she is . After a couple of weeks of chat sessions & flirting they end up deciding to meet at a local coffee shop.While at the coffee shop they start having discussions . They seem to have an instant bond and relate well with eachother but under the surface there is a subtle uneasiness about it all . We ca n't really tell what Jeff 's motives are and It feels like you 're being tricked along with Hayley . Tricked because on first impression this guy seems to have only good intentions . He 's handsome , well educated , responsible and seems to have her best interest at heart yet below the surface we think we know what he wants at the same time.After talking awhile , Jeff ends up inviting Hayley to his home with the promise of giving her an MP3 of a concert she 's been wanting to see . She ends up going with him but what Jeff dose n't know is Hayley already knows what he wants , has a plan and by the time they get to his house this movie does a 180 on the viewer . After that it turns into a nonstop battle of terror ... . A fight till the end between victim and captor ensues filled with interesting twists and suprises.You wo n't think of the internet the same way again ... Also you 'll question if some people on the internet arent what they appear to be and what motives they may have . This was a very uncomfortable movie to watch but as far as psychological drama 's / thrillers go it was excellent . It 's a modern , dark and intelligent thriller that wo n't disapoint .
 This movie was AMAZING . I completely LOVED it and it was really worth the money . It is my favorite type of movie , psycological , if you like those movies as well , BUY IT !!! THIS IS A MUST SEE !!!!
 I walked into Block Buster last night and grabbed the last copy.The worker there informed me that he had just put it back on the shelf.I watched this and thought `` this is cool . '' A 14 year old Haily meets photographer Jeff online.They meet at NightHawks coffee shop.She wants him to photographer her at his place.Once inside she mixes a couple of srewdrivers.The next thing that happens Jeff passes out.He wakes up to find he 's tied to a chair.This is where the film really takes off.She has fun torturing the sleazeball.Sandra Oh plays a neighbor who knows somethings going on.She 's great ! even if she 's not in it long her facial expressions are pricelist.The stun-gun scene in the tub is a holler and a half.You wo n't be sorry if you watch this , unless you 're a liberal.If you 're not one then you 'll be disapointed thats its only a movie and in the real world she 'd be in jail.I myself would post bail for her if it was true lol ! It 's a treat watching a slease-ball get his just deserves .
 I watched this movie with my mother on Thanksgiving and we laughed so hard . I mean it 's not a comedy but watching a guy get casterated against his will was just really funny to us . Great movie .
 Hailie is a smart charming 14 year old who should ' t be at the local dinner waiting for some 30 something year old man Jeff she met on the internet -LRB- raised eyebrows everyone -RRB- . they start talking , she tells him of her love for Goldfrape and then she finds out Jeff 's a photographer and wants to see his pictures . so they go to his house and they have a few drinks and then she says she wants him to take her picture . just when he 's about to do so , he gets woozy and soon faints . he wakes up bound to a chair and we find out that she 's not as innocent as she seems . she seems to know about his past and she seems to suspect him of kidnapping and killing a girl at her school and shes going to get the answer out of him using a scalple , a pair of scissors , and a medical book . the film has this sense of dread and creeps under your skin that makes this film supremly disturbing . the performences from the two actors are great but the stand out is Ellen Page who gives a chilling edge to our heroine and if the tide goes well , a guy named Oscar may be knocking on her door . so far , i rank Hard Candy up in my top ten of best films of 06 , so i highly recommend this film for those who want to see a top notch thriller . warning though , one scene in perticular may cause you to keel over .
 i had lent my original to a coworker then he got let go and never returned it . must have movie glad i got new one
 I had heard a great deal of positive response on this film , but had n't got around to watching it until recently . I expected it to be good , but I never expected anything this good . The writing is razor-sharp and the film is completely unpredictable which made it so fiendishly good and enormously entertaining.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 If you like movies that mess with your mind and make you go `` what the ... '' then you will love this one . This movie is a must own and I ca n't believe I had n't heard about it before . -LRB- It is on sale at Best Buy for cheaper though - $ 4.99 -RRB-
 Elizabeth Essenfeld says
 `` Hard Candy '' , Patrick Wilson , Ellen Page & Sandra Oh . Vulcan Prod. , Lionsgate , 2005/6 . DVD Runtime 105 min.Widescreen , this R rated DVD is a controversial , riveting psycho-drama whose essence is depicted on the DVD cover showing Little Red Riding Hood poised on trigger of menacing jaws of an animal trap , but unlike `` long ago and far away '' , it 's a modern day setting . It begins with Internet Chat Room exchanges , a hooking up and hanging out , and a subsequent tour de force where roles of prey and predator become , initially , inexplicably blurred and then reversed.There is a disturbing brutal and graphic manipulation of sick obsessions involving creepy , controversial and disturbing exploitations of revenge using tortures which are skillfully revealed via interrogations , confessions , and filming using dramatic innovative color imagery and dialogic emotional surges.Overall , the DVD is of unquestionable entertainment value , but so unsettling , riveting and with a theme of crime and punishment supported by superb acting of Patrick Wilson playing Jeff and Ellen Page as Hayley , it becomes totally absorbing ! It has plot surprisings akin to Hitchcock film and story scenario of Poe . The truly brilliant performance by Ellen Page , then 15 years old , is memorable . This is a dark film , one you 're not likely to talk about - but one you 'll find hard to forget .
 Just watched this movie last night and I think its the best horror thriller I 've seen in years , maybe even a decade . I ca n't get it out of my mind . I expect I 'll revisit this one again over the years , find nuances that I missed or forgot since the last time . I know I 'll see its star again . She was marvelous.Its premise is simple enough . A predator meets a 14 year old for coffee after chatting her up in internet chat rooms . In the coffee shop , there 's notice of a missing girl . He has a cd she wants to hear and she goes home with him and that , 5 minutes into the flick , was the last predicatable thing in the movie . I do n't want to go into more , just that if it was me who was in that situation , I 'd never have had a chance . That 's not a spoiler , but if you think it might be , you need to see the movie.The breakout star of the movie is a Canadian actress named Ellen Page , who played Kitty Pryde in the last Xmen movie . If you thought her character was slippery then ... that was nothing as to her part in the movie . It was unforgettable , such a fierce , strong role . Although she plays 14 in the movie , she was 19 when she filmed it . That 's a small comfort in that she is attractive and smart in a very attractive way . To find out she 's 19 is only small comfort however as she is still not legal age and that is the topic of the movie . It may be the director 's trope that draws the men in the audience . They want to cozen her and that puts you in the predator 's shoes.To talk of the movie 's technical competence , it is filmed in close to extreme closeup . The cinematographer does such an extraordinary job of capturing nuance that I wondor how much of it was directed vs how it was shot . The colors -LRB- a lot of primary colors , particularly in the beginning of the movie -RRB- represent almost a separate person in the movie , conveying mood and foreshadowing in equal measure . Pay attention ... clearly the producers/director did not have much of a budget and they put every dime on the screen . A few of the shots were stunning.This is not an easy movie to watch . Its squirm inducing and some might argue that its not horror . I answer by repeating . This is the best horror thriller I 've seen in years , maybe a decade .
 During the first 15 minutes of this movie you are going to think that it is a common pedophile movie . Then it takes a `` dramatic twist '' and several other ones during the movie that will leave your `` jaw on the floor '' . The psychological aspects of this movie are very shocking to say the least . Throughout the movie you are sitting there thinking `` who is the victim here ? '' . There is one part of the movie that all men will be squimish and make pedophiles think twist about picking up someone underage again . I highly recommend this movie to anyone that likes `` scarey and tortuous '' movies .
 A relevant film which looks at the darker side of internet chat room dating . An older man with a strong interest in teenage women finally hets his just-desserts when he messes with the wrong girl . Sure , alot of it is not convincing especially when the girl is far too mature for her years , but the film still works . It has a strong message and that is what is important . Excellent performances by Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page . It 's not a film I would watch again , but it definitely had us glued to the screen for the duration of the film . Well done !
 I just rented this one from Netflix . I 've had it in my home for three weeks -LRB- I had never heard of it , the plot just intrigued me -RRB- . I thought ok this will be some junk movie that will put me to sleep in no time . Oh , how the fates were n't with me tonight . I watched eyes peeled open at this utterly fascinating movie . At the end I thought what a mind screw ? The acting was superb . The plot was a morality play . A real great one considering the popcorn and candy -LRB- sorry about the pun -RRB- produced and marketed in today 's ' Hollywood . You may think this is an oversimplification of a moralist issue but the real center of this hard candy is
 I read the review that said this movie was bargain basement material and whoever wrote that probably as the IQ of a peanut . This is by far the most thought provoking movie I have seen in my life time . I went and saw it with my best friend the week it came out and here I am 3 months later still talking about it at least once a week . THIS MOVIE WILL MAKE YOU THINK !!!!!!!!! And that is something 99 % of the crap out there tries to do and fails at . I go see pretty much every movie that comes out , with the exception of any movie Will Farrell is in , and this is one of the best movies I have ever had the privilege of getting to see . I was white knuckling it to my chair during some of the scenes and had to pee so horribly bad but could not unglue my eyes from the screen till the credits started rolling . The conversations are dead on ! The plot is deep and intense and the ending makes you stand up and cheer . This is what movie making is all about ! PLEASE PLEASE see this movie and have your mind opened .
 it was great , i dnt deny it ... but it was not CREEPY nor was SCARY ... i was waiting for something else ... whatever ... i enjoyed it anyways ... and i was also expecting a good ending for that good movie ...
 After chatting online for 3 weeks , Jeff Kohlver , a 32 year old photographer , and Hayley Stark , a 14 year old honors student , finally meet in real life at a cozy local coffee shop called Nighthawks.For a ` normal ' person , just knowing this age different would make you feel . . Uncomfortable and you would think that what they are doing is ` wrong ' . But what exactly are they doing ? Nothing illegal . . Yet.As Hayley attempts to flirt with Jeff , she is not getting the feedback that she wants . Sure , Jeff is replying and some of his replies seem as if they would be very sexual . But the way he talks and presents himself to Hayley , he seems as if he is not interested in her , even claiming he would have to wait 4 years for her.But when Hayley invites herself over to Jeff 's home , he accepts . So he must have some interest in her , right ? Well he does , but he is n't able to make his move , as Hayley makes her move first.After intensive research , study , and stalking , Hayley discovered a gruesome past that Jeff never wanted to surface , which is the only reason Hayley met with Jeff . To do justice to . . In her own special way.Our knowledge of Jeff and Hayley now change.Jeff Kohlver , not only a 32 year old photographer , but a pedophile and a murderer . Or at least the accomplice of a murderer . Hayley Stark , not only a 14 year old honors student , but a vigilante who literally takes the law into her own hands.Through torture , which includes castration , stun guns and a call to Janelle , Jeff 's ex girlfriend whom he is still obsessed over , Hayley digs deeper into Jeff 's memory and the complete truth is out.Hayley gives Jeff two options.Jeff must commit suicide by hanging himself . Making others , including Janelle , believe he was just some sad lonely man . In return Hayley will clean up all the evidence that would lead police to finding out his crimes.Or she will let Jeff live and she 'll take off her clothes . . Run into Janelle 's arms . And the truth about Jeff . About his pedophilia . And about his murderous acts . Will be out to the public . And his name will be put to shame.Jeff chooses suicide.And at the last minute , Hayley tells him.She will not hide his past.It is now for everyone to know . ------------------------------ Hard Candy is a psychological drama with a very unique and twisting storyline and plot . One that makes you question the movies , the characters , and even question yourself.What kind of person are you if you side with Jeff ? Sure , he is a pedophile , but does he really deserve all this torture ? And what kind of person are you if you side with Hayley ? Sure , she is ridding the world of ` evil ' , but should n't she have just gone to the police?Most people just get stuck on the storyline and plot itself and do n't take time to notice the acting , dialogue , and cinematography . Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page did an amazing performance , I have never seen better.And the dialogue is so impressive and so striking . Some times heart moving , as well as heart chilling . As for the cinematography , the movie is absolutely beautiful . The colors , the shots , really look at it.This movie is definitely a favorite of mine and I give it a 10 + .
 Hmmm , I saw the preview several times on various Lions Gates rentals . It was not released in theatres here , but this is East Texas , such a FILM would not be relased in this area . I rented and was very surprised . Ellen Paige was great ! I am not going to describe the movie like alot of others do in detail . The acting by Ellen is perfect as well as by Patrick . She toys with him constantly once she has him tied . At times an odd sexual tension between them which she quickly changes the topic when she seems to realize what is happening . She does castrate the man for being a sexual pedofile in the mean time leading him to believe he can get out of it or talk his way out of it even though she knows she will not let him . The sad look she gives him and the apolgies for letting him think he can get out of it seem so genuine and odd . At the same time I am wondering which character is more insane ? Haley or Jeff ? That is what was on my mind after whatching the film . After I gave to my mother to watch and sent my sister and her husband an IM to rent it . All 3 of them carried on and on about what a great film it was . Go out and rent this ! From now on I intend to watch anything that has the Canadian woman Ellen Paige who is actually grown , hard to believe after watching . Age 19 . Patrick Wilson is also wonderful and I intend to look for him in the future as well .
 Fantastic screen play . Outstanding performances done by both actors . Great development . I would highly recommend watching this movie .
 Everyone else has discussed plot so I 'll cut right to the chase : Incredible ! Intense ! Not for the squeamish . SEE IT !
 We 've all seen the cover-art for the film Hard Candy
 Hard Candy is extremely disturbing on many levels ; the premise , the dialogue , the violence , very awkward situations . The acting is brilliant , Ellen Page is perfect at not showing any emotion . The movie is also shot well with extreme close ups , and fantastic use of vivid color . Essentially there are only two actors and mostly dialogue but the movie goes by quickly .
 What makes this movie to be a movie as I see , is the astonishing performing by actors . Ellen Page plays a BEAUTIFUL and unrealistically nonhuman fourteen year old teen as her counterpart is a some sort of a modern lust-filled well-earning computer-literal photo-master . This surrealism covers the entire story where semi-performed sadistic approach by a gal seeking the revenge for a killed friend , which is castration , did not distract a male villain-victim himself from energetic resistance , resulted in a triumph of the good over evil anyway.It is definitely not a `` Boy Meets Girl -LSB- Region 2 -RSB- '' my review of did not appear on these pages yet for misunderstandable reasons , and it 's far away from `` Hostel '' or `` Wolf Creek '' , but rather a psychological drama leaving a room to suggestion what an animal the supposedly just-simply-emancipated-nowadays girl herself is .
 I do n't know what I was expecting , but it certainly was n't this . A taut , sometimes difficult to believe tale about a pedophile who has the tables turned on him ... at first , that is . The director did an excellent job of keeping the camera directly on the actors , literally in their faces , and the dialogue was strong , quick , and intense . It 's very easy to root for someone giving a pedophile their `` due '' , even if the vigilante in question is a bit off her nut . Then again , I imagine that most vigilantes are off their nut.Ellen Page - as everyone has said - was remarkable . I did n't know that she was eighteen when I was watching it , so that made her performance more riveting.A little background into her motivation would have been nice , but it certainly was n't necessary .
 It 's a real shame that Ellen Page 's performance will most likely be overlooked come Oscar time since her portrayal of young not-so-innocent Haley is completely and utterly brilliant . This is the performance that the academy should really sink their teeth into but for some reason I highly doubt that 'll happen.Haley is fourteen . Jeff is thirty-two . For three weeks they have been communicating in online chat rooms and finally they are going to meet for coffee . When they do meet they realize that neither is what the other expected . Jeff is a handsome and intelligent photographer , and Haley is extremely mature for her young age , a borderline medical student . After some persuasion of Haley 's part Jeff takes her back to his place for some drinks and maybe an impromptu photo session.Halfway through that photo session thinks turn ugly , and when Jeff wakes up he realizes that not only is Haley is mature ... she 's also insane . The remainder of the film is a complete mind game between Haley and Jeff , Haley seeking revenge for the young girls he 's abused and Jeff trying his hardest to get free.The film is brilliantly directed by David Slade , every frame holding and air of desperation and claustrophobia . Add to that the tension between Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page and you have one of the most intense and gripping films I 've seen in a long time . The performances by these two are really the biggest key to making this film work for when they are the only people you see for almost two hours they can either draw you in or repel you . I was drawn in , completely.As disturbing as some scenes can be -LRB- there 's one scene in particular that would make any man squirm -RRB- the film is so engrossing the atrocity is easily forgiven . ` Hard Candy ' is probably the best film I 've seen yet this year , completely original and mind bending as it is brilliantly executed and completely entertaining from beginning to end . Thanks to a smart script , brilliant plot and utterly amazing acting from the two leads we have been delivered ` Hard Candy ' . Page inhibits her character with enough confidence and maturity that she is absorbing in everyway , and Patrick switches back and forth through fear and aggression so well that you almost -LRB- I stress the word almost -RRB- feel bad for him . Oh yeah , and the final frames of this film is so incredibly powerful and emotionally driven that you have no choice but to be completely engrossed and , for lack of a better word , touching . The bottom line is that this film creates the perfect detour from modern-day mediocrity and delivers us one heck of a , dare I say , joyride .
 This movie is a fantastic tangled web of emotional mystery and twists . I wo n't ruin it , but the story started out being what I thought was a ` kidnap ' tale with an older man hurting a young girl , but it has a surprise in store for the viewer . In Act I , you are not going to be sure who to feel sorry for . Hang in there , the story unravels in emotion and action that made my husband ` squirm ' -LRB- slight giggle there -RRB- . I pictured guys on the set doing the same during this particular scene . The web of lies is taken apart and we know who is the true victim in the end . Movie is very well done , but I was miffed about one particular item I feel should 've been answered as far as the question of a ` missing girl ' . In my opinion , this loose end should 've been tied up and the location of the dead girl should 've been revealed . Just my opinion . However , this is a tense thriller with a lot of great dialogue and valid points made in it . Had me saying ` you tell 'em sister ' , more than once . Ellen Page is simply one of the most talented young actresses out there!Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 This was a fantastic film ! There 's no way to guess what 's coming next , right to the very end . The topic could n't possibly be more taboo . The mental sparring that 's deeper than you first realize , is phenomenal the longer the film progresses . These guys went somewhere I 've never seen a plot go before . And I have seen a lot of twisted material over the years . If you like `` dark '' and `` smart '' and can handle letting your mind wander into forbidden areas , then get on this !
 This movie was totally different than what I expected , but it turned out to be a good thing . At times I was left wondering which one of the main characters was the most twisted . The acting was top rate , and it is a movie well worth the time to watch .
 This movie is an interesting one starting out with an internet conversation with a young 14 year old -LRB- Hayley -RRB- talking with a 30 something year old professional photographer -LRB- Jeff -RRB- planning on meeting , so right away it grabs your attention . But little do you know that it is actually the girl planning a revenge to expose this man of what he really is , a pedophile.The way that they capture the characters in this is real interesting . They both seem to appear dangerous at one moment than vulnerable , and innocent in the next , causing you to go back and forth on which side your on . Asking your self `` Well is she just a nut job or did he really do something bad '' ? The one thing I found to be a little unbelievable in this movie was this amazingly smart 14 year old ... yeah she 's an honor student but I do n't remember any honor students being this intelligent . You would think that she was actually lying about her age and waiting for her to fess up to actually being 25 ... and short for her age.The setting of this movie takes place at Jeff 's house the whole time , but the director David Slade does a great job of capturing different shots , mostly up close facial shots , so that you do n't get bored with the same surroundings . It also does a great job of making you squirm with a nice castration scene , nothing gory because they never really show anything but it leaves that part up to your imagination and you can only imagine what is really going on in between the legs of Jeff it 's plenty enough to make anyone squirm ! So all in all 7/10 .
 This disturbing movie is about internet predators , but not what you would expect . Pretty much all the action takes place between two characters who are brilliantly cast . Acting is superb ! Storyline is believable . I saw the last half of the movie on TV and immediately went to Amazon to buy it so I could see how it began . Have watched it many times since . Not a movie for the faint at heart . This is a keeper !
 Every year women like Meryl Streep , Reese Witherspoon , and Judi Dench are nominated for the best actress awards at the Oscars . Blah Blah Blah . While they are all decent actors I 've seen no performance as powerful as Ellen Page 's in years . Hands down she deserves the Oscar for best actress . She TOTALLY takes over this movie and makes it her own . Although 18 when it was filmed , she convincingly plays a 14 year old girl.Ms . Page 's performance is masterful , especially for someone of her age . To me there 's a few modes of acting where a performer can shine . Take the Godfather saga . Of course when Al Pacino explodes over his wife 's abortion you are knocked out of your seat by it 's power . That 's generally accepted as good , powerful acting . But I think when The Godfather , Brando , sees his son Sonny 's body in the funeral home and tentatively whispers `` Look what they did to my boy '' it 's just as powerful in an understated way . Then there 's also that mode in between the sheer power of a screaming maniac , and a tentative understatement of a sensitive performance there 's that underlying rage and control that Pacino , Brando , and DeNiro show in the Godfather series.In Hard Candy Ms. Ellen Page covers all these bases from sheer power , to true understatement and sensitivity . One minute your on her side of the story , and the next your thinking she 's the insane one who should `` get it '' because she 's gone too far.I just ca n't say enough about her performance as you can read here.I do n't want to take away from Patrick Wilson 's fine performance either . He provides the perfect foil for Ms. Page to play off of . Considering that the two main characters take up 99 % of this movie is also a testament to their fine acting skills . It should be noted that this was filmed in about 2 weeks with not a huge budget . Is n't amazing when you watch a movie that totally enthralls you and you see the credits you realize there were only a couple of characters in the film?I do have a few minor complaints about the movie . I 'm a bit sick of close in Steady cam jolting cinematography , but in this case it works well . It 's needed to see every nuance on `` Haleys '' face . I also think the movie would have had even a more powerful ending if the last 25 second scene was left out . It does get a slight bit predictable as I figured out what would happen in the end , but that 's OK , it is better that than some convoluted ending.I had the pleasure of seeing this movie without any description beforehand so I had no idea what to expect . I would like to add that I think it ruins this movie with many of these reviews that describe exactly what happens in this movie . More than a basic description is n't needed . This is a powerful movie , and it is unsettling . But this is a really good movie.And once again , NO ONE deserves and Oscar more than Ellen Page , she 's incredible in this film .
 I had always been fascinated by Canadian actress Ellen Page , because she 's very good , and she 's by far one of the best actresses of her generation . I was n't not prepared to see her in such a nasty role , and I had assumed that she was playing a victim in this movie , at least she pretended to be . No wonder they put her in a red hoodie for the poster . This movie is shot mostly in a house and there is very few characters , even Sandra Oh had just one scene , still very striking . I do n't want to reveal much about the story , but it 's very disturbing for the second half when Patrick Wilson gets trapped by Ellen Page 's game . It 's kind of a psychological version torture movies like Hostel , but it 's very disturbing and shocking without the blood and gore . Anyways , for a movie that relys mostly on the performance of two actors and one set , and no wardrobe change , and mostly dialogue driven plot , it 's excellent ! I must say that while this is possibly a star-making vehicle for Page , it also showcased a brilliant performance from Wilson , who by the way impressed my so much .
 this movie is sick it starts as a typical online chat than escaltes into total kaos the girl begin to trip out bad the cutting off of the jewels is too much , and deserves special credit.i found myself looking ahead as what else can this pscho can do to this man.overall the movie will keep you jumping in youre seat , and wanting to watch out about the internet !!!
 Hard Candy is in no way a difficult movie to review because it has almost no flaws . I think everything is perfect and it is now in a very short list of amazing films that is filled with all talk and never bores you . The film is about a 14-year-old girl named Hayley played by Ellen Page . The film goes right into the base of its story when Hayley meets up with a 32 year old man named Jeff whom she met in a chat room . Already you can tell that this girl is a little different from any 14 year old you know.She tries to show Jeff her intelligence right off the bat by using big words and telling him about stuff she learned from books that she reads . He just takes this as her being a teen who thinks she knows it all but you 'll find out that she actually does . The entire time that they 're chatting in the cafe Jeff does n't realize that he is the victim and not Hayley . Hayley is sure that Jeff is a pedofile and was involved in a missing child 's murder so she uses herself as bait to get inside his home and take over so she can find the evidence she needs.The acting is amazing even though the cast really only consist of two people . The first movie I saw Ellen in was X Men the last stand but the role was so small that I really did n't pay attention to her . Her performance in this is out of this world and she makes this movie what it is . The cinematography was on point , it showed a rugged picture when needed . It had to show the actors fear , frustration , and confusion . I would never think that a story like this could be pulled off but the right cast was picked and it was written and paced perfectly . It may actually remind you of `` Phone Booth '' or even `` SAW '' so if your the impatient type and do n't like a suspense buildup then this movie might irk you.I have nothing negative to say about this film and how could you when this little girl is doing something that most people could never do . I am sad to see some reviews on Hard Candy from people that see it as a movie with no meaning at all . I understand that it 's just a movie and a little farfetched because it 's a 14 year old carrying out punishment and trying to bring justice to a girl that could 've been herself . I think about parent 's who 's children have been missing for years and they still do n't know where their kids are and how they might wish for a person that would do this . I know it 's a fictional story but it still has a moral to it that should stick with everyone . To be honest I 'm not even sure if Haley is really 14 in the movie or just looks like one and uses it . Hard Candy is a great movie with a great twist to it that shows a lot of courage and I think it 's perfect in every aspect .
 Hard Candy was a movie that threw me for a loop ! Although I know revenge is not right , this was a story that can make you think twice ! No one can say after this movie , that what happened was terrible but GOD !
 This was downright nail biting , anger causing , and made Dateline NBC -LRB- catching pediphiles -RRB- something that could turn a freakish child molestor into a slobbering idiot.We have Jeff , a photo taking and participant in the loving of little girls . Then we have Haley -- she is 14 years old and starts chatting online with Jeff about attraction , photo shots and plain sexual attraction.They get together at Jeff 's house -LRB- where most of the movie is shot -RRB- to begin this cat and mouse , `` who can get out of his house alive , with sexual organs still intact . `` Actually this is Jeff 's worst nightmare ... Haley wants retribution for a young girl who came up murdered . She believes Jeff was the culprit , or as we find out , part of the duo in the death of this young girl.Haley through the movie manipulates , psuedo tortures and degrades Jeff to the point where he is a blubbering idiot . Haley 's objective ... she wants Jeff to hang himself from the roof of his house in front of his former girlfriend and the world , leaving behind all sorts of twisted videos/pics and such , to let the police and the world find out what kind of man he actually was ----- a thought in closing -- maybe Jeff was n't that bad ???? Maybe Haley should have considered not being Judge , Jury and Executioner -- she was one scarey little 14 year old girl throughout the flick .
 I bought this movie on the recomendation of a friend . It is a great movie with some powerful themes and great acting , especailly by Ms. Page . What starts out as a movie that seemed to be headed towards dirty old man fodder turns into an empowerment movie with a twist . The cover invokes thoughts of Little Red Riding Hood and the Big Bad Wolf , and that is very appropriate for this movie . The movie was suspensful almost from the first second . It held my attention and I was looking forward to seeing the outcome . It was well directed and written , with plot twists and turns that made the movie well worth the price .
 Amazing ! Nothing like it ... for the artistic/intellectual crowd for sure . It 's amazing how something can be shot in basically one area and still be so interesting .
 `` Hard Candy '' has an interesting premise that could 've made a great movie . Instead , it makes a riveting and O.K. movie . With a total of 5 actors and only 2 with significant roles , the movie is set up more as a stage play than a film ... It 's almost like a rehashing of Roman Polanski 's `` Death and the Maiden . '' Ironically , there 's a reference to Polanski in the film . Looking at the cover of the movie you see `` Two Thumbs Up '' and `` Riveting & Terrifying . `` All these are fairly accurate descriptions , but I still think the subject matter could 've been handled a lot better . Hayley -LRB- Ellen Page , `` X-Men
 One of the best movies , I 've seen in a long time . I highly recommend it . It is empowering and it definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat . I did not find the ending predictable . The movie has so many twists and turns , that I was actually surprised by the ending . I found the main character 's strength and courage inspiring in the same way I found the Kill Bill movies inspirational . I do n't recommend violence , but believe lessons can be learned from this movie . -LRB- This is not a violent movie like Kill Bill , but more of a psychological thriller . -RRB- This movie speaks to the possibilities of your own courage and strength in every day less dramatic struggles of life . Feeling strong and empowered is definitely a good thing and this movie gave me a healthy dosage . The movie is intense and I 'll now watch anything with Ellen Page . She 's incredible , believable , and powerful . You 'll definitely love her or hate her . At one point , she asks , `` Was I born a vindictive little bitch or has society made me this way '' ? I 'll watch her in anything and would love to see a sequel to this movie to answer the preceding question . This movie will definitely generate dialogue about ethics and morality . It truly is difficult to watch at times and I would not recommend it as a first date movie . If you want a fluffy , sweet movie , this ai n't it . The movie is skillfully made and the intensity builds and you wo n't want to miss a minute of the dialogue , head games , or drama !
 The story is simple : An innocent looking 14 year old girl meets an older photographer on the internet and agrees to go to his house . It looks like he is the child molester and she his next helpless victim . But think again ... this girl is the big bad wolf !!! Everything on this film is great . The story , the actors , the setting , dialogs , etc. . . It is worth every penny to see that old Hitchcockian clich&eacute; -LRB- few characters closed inside a small place -RRB- working so well.The weaker part -LRB- for me -RRB- is the ending . I found it predictable and a little contrived - that 's why I take one star out.But even if you agree with me , this film is still a winner in many many ways ... The cast is a joy to watch . Ellen Page gives a stunning performance . She is a powerhouse actress ... see it because she is unbelievable !!! This film is , in fact , a great lesson on how do you make a great film with very little means and lots of talent and imagination.It has also a heavy subject and some strong/violent content that you must see before recomending.I 'm happy I cought it on the movie theatre . And i must say I was impressed and surprised by the film 's best qualities - that overshadowed its shortcomings.A strong film to be discovered on DVD.I love Sandra Oh ... I wish her part was bigger .
 I heard of this movie before and was interested to watch it . The cover alone makes you want to watch it . Practically , the entire movie is the two main characters and it does start to drag with all the talking although it 's all necessary in the movie . It feels like a roller coster ride with the suspense and the script is amazing . The `` surgery '' scene alone is disturbing , I 've never seen my boyfriend cower in fear before ! I reccomend this to everyone .
 I remember seeing this at a film festival and being absolutely engrossed by the performances , especially Ellen Page who is totally amazing . Watch the film again and just watch her every second on screen . She is INCREDIBLE . What a PSYCHOPATH ! This is a scary young girl to be sure , she could fool anyone with mesmerizing skill . The deception at the beginning featuring her youthful innocence leaves you shocked , unprepared to witness her true DEMONIC nature . I confess I crossed me legs in horror , it was so uncomfortably visceral . As for the film / dvd
 Only in your heart do you believe everything that is true is real.For others , they do n't believe a single thing you know.You know why?Because THEY know.In a world where technology and the internet seem to be able to hide everything we do , people think they can cover their traps by destroying their hard drive or burning their film . To a degree , it can be true -- a hard drive full of pictures explodes and it 's highly unlikely you 'll ever get back ; burn the film and it 's gone forever , dust particles in the air as the last remnants of a dirty secret slowly turns to nothing.In HARD CANDY , we learn one man 's deadly secret ... and one girl 's desire to uproot it.Hailey Stark is your average fourteen-your-old girl . She 's cute , innocent , smart , and as charming as she can be . But when she meets thirty-year-old photographer Jeff Kohlver over the internet , she 's got more planned than just a ` simple meeting . ' After Jeff takes her to his home for an impromptu photoshoot , things steadily start to turn around as Jeff starts slurring his words . As Hailey continuously begs Jeff to ` shoot her , ' his world slowly begins to blur ... . and thus , the game is turned upside down.HARD CANDY is a movie unlike any I have seen in recent history . This psychological thriller could be compared to the grotesque , often-suspenseful SAW franchise , as well as several others in recent history . What 's different about HARD CANDY , you ask?For starts , it deals with a heavy subject -- child pornography , a taboo subject you can rarely begin to whisper about without causing some kind of uproar . We 've all heard and seen what it 's all about , men and women who find themselves carnally attracted to innocent , often prepubescent children . But what do we NOT know about them ? Their schemes , their lies , their ` she asked for it ' excuses -- they 're all a ploy on their behalf , an excuse to get out of something they believe they did n't do wrong.In the end , everyone knows what 's wrong.So does Hailey.As the movie slowly begins to drag on , we begin to learn that Hailey knows a lot more than is expected . For one , she knows about Donna , the girl who 's missing ; and for two , she knows about Janelle , the girl Jeff obsesses over to the point of keeping letters , pictures , and even more incriminating evidence . What 's originally thought of as a ` casual , albeit disturbing ' meeting quickly turns into a torture session involving one little girl and the man she knows who did something wrong.HARD CANDY is definitely an entertaining movie -- I 'll say that before I even begin to cut into the pros and cons of the film . It 's suspenseful , psychological , entertaining ; it 's all these things and more , yet the true impact behind the movie is what 's buried within the roots . While the film broadcasts itself as a ` psychological thriller , ' I see HARD CANDY as a thinking person 's movie , as well as a film with an amazing cast.PROS : -- The main actors . Both Ellen Page and Patrick Wilson do an amazing job feeding off one another from the moment the film begins to the moment it ends . As someone who has only seen Page in one previous movie , I was surprised how easily -LRB- and how successfully -RRB- she could transition from being a cute , innocent girl to something more than that . Wilson plays a perfect terrified victim . I think the best part about the movie is the cast . Although small -LRB- limited to only five characters , -RRB- each and every actor pulled their rolls off greatly . -- The suspense . There was n't a moment where I WAS N'T on the edge of my seat during this movie . -- The dialogue and interaction . As I mentioned with the main actors , the way Page and Wilson work off one another is amazing to watch . An innocent victim , a psychological nutcase -- this is how I 'd see a scenario like this playing out.Sadly , though , there are a few things I picked up on when watching HARD CANDY.CONS : -- The castration scene . It did n't necessarily bother me in the sense that I felt it was unnecessary -LRB- because in a plot and story like this is , it was completely necessary , -RRB- but in the sense of how it was executed . When Hailey begins the castration process , we notice Jeff is in pain , but not expressing his pain in a way the viewer would expect . Up until that point , he was screaming over mundane -LRB- if still extreme -RRB- details , but when he 's being castrated , he simply lays there , grits his teeth , and sweats . I can contribute this to shock , but it surprised me to hear that Jeff was n't screaming even a little bit . -- The ` clean up . ' There were several points during the movie when Hailey is cleaning herself up that she completely ignores the obvious things that could get her caught -LRB- mainly the point in which she walks through the house soaking-wet . -RRB- I can only assume that she had wet shoes after she dragged Jeff into the shower . Maybe it 's just me -LRB- or maybe it helps contribute to Hailey 's selfless want to destroy someone she hates , -RRB- but regardless , it 's one part of Hailey 's character that can be questioned to the point of redundancy.Despite its extremely-minor flaws , HARD CANDY is an amazing movie . Wilson and Page are superb , the story -LRB- though slightly underdeveloped -RRB- is captivating , and the suspense keeps you on the end of your seat until the movie 's finally over . A definite watch for any horror/suspense fan .
 A terrific movie with equally terrific actors . Kept me on the edge of my seat throughout . Ellen Page was perfect for this role before her sweet role in Juno .
 This movie never lost my attention ! The way the movie progressed was a surprise . A must see . Worth the time spent to watch it .
 I am a big Ellen Page fan and was really happy to be able to add this to my collection at an amazing price by purchasing from amazon.com
 This was a very intriguing movie . It is graphic for men that would do harm to young girls , but the concept is very fitting for the crime !
 This was a good movie , suspenseful , you never know what 's going to happen.The end is confusing and I did n't like it that much , but overall it was good drama , interesting story .
 This is an excellent movie - I picked it up on a whim right after it 's release to DVD . While I do n't necessarily enjoy the way some of it was filmed - fast and jerky - which was obvioulsy used to heighten the anxiety and fear for the scene - it is still very worth watching . A very low budget film - but it 's excellent cast and story line will keep you happy .
 One awesome thriller with a awesome performance by Ellen Page as a young female Vigalante Mark Sweeney Brewerton NY
 What is basically a very odd little two person diatribe is very well acted and very compelling if you care to get immersed in such subject matter . I sure many would prefer to avoid a story centered on pedophilia . This is not Fallen Angel , though . In fact , it 's the antithesis.Ellen Page 's facial features lend much credibility to the idea the she is fourteen but her spiel is a bit too mature . It 's fun to watch anyway . Patrick Wilson is adequately slimy as the possible perv.It 's a squirmy , unpleasant ride but sometimes that 's just what the doctor ordered .
 The topic of pedophile has been revisited once again ; following the recent slew of similarly-themed shows like the ` Woodsman ' and ` Mysterious Skin . ' But this time round , pedophile is n't the theme of the show ; it is simply a cat-and-mouse-ish thriller between a teenage girl and a suspected pedophile . This movie is dark ; hell , what story about pedophile would n't be , and the acting is nothing short of excellent . Both characters are extremely convincing and both shock in their respective ways . Brian Nelson 's intelligent script is abound with surprising twists , dark humor and bitter exchanges which will provoke discussions among viewers.Hayley -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- is convincing as the teenage girl with a vigilante agenda , and Jeff -LRB- ambiguous Patrick Wilson -RRB- is good as well . The characters that they portray just do n't seem to be very realistic in this film . A teenage girl endangering her life into a pedophiles house just to expose his dark secret ? This film also features some truly disturbing scenes but nothing explicit . The flaw that I have with this film is that I 'm not sure exactly who the makers wanted us to root for , because the girl is portrayed as mildly unhinged and explicitly psychotic , while the alleged pedophile comes across as the victim . Surely if he 's the bad guy , we want the girl to succeed and to truly torment him , but in this film we are forced to side with the pedophile which is quite disturbing to me.However , overlooking this is the simple fact that for the performances alone and the quality of the considered direction giving us some heart-pounding suspense . ` Hard Candy ' is a fine piece of cinema that offers a great deal in comparison to other movies produced nowadays and deserves a view .
 HARD CANDY is one of those films that took enormous courage on the part of the writer -LRB- Brian Nelson -RRB- , director -LRB- David Slade -RRB- , and producers - let alone the actors - to bring a tale of pedophilia to the mainstream audience . Made for a small budget -LRB- yet the production values are so very artistic that it feels like an expensive film -RRB- , HARD CANDY is essentially a duet for two actors
 Very intriguing movie . Kept me guessing the motive all the way to the end of the movie!Many mixed feelings all the way to the end , however , there is a redeeming moment at the end of the movie . At this time , you are tracing all of the events throughout the movie.Very well put together !
 Hard Candy features Ellen Page in one of her earliest films , portraying a fourteen year old Hayley Stark who spends three weeks chatting online with 32 year old Jeff Kohlver , a professional photographer . The film opens with their most recent chat when they agree to meet at Nighthawks , a caf&eacute; in the unnamed city in California . Hayley and Jeff hit it off and after further flirtation , Hayley convinces them to continue their outing at his house , where she spikes his drink with a toxin that renders him unconscious . The film then transitions into Hayley 's intentions to conduct an investigation into Jeff 's possible scandalous past.It 's a film that keeps you wondering from start to finish if Hayley is truly insane or if Jeff is the man she believes him to be . Driving a spike through psychological trauma and cruel justice , Hard Candy is a film that you wo n't forget . Once it sinks its teeth into you , there 's no letting go . It delves deep into the thoughts of a man as his world is torn upside down and that of a young girl who 's ruthless , vindictive , and intent on getting what she wants.The acting in the film is brilliant ; it 's believable , realistic and shocking . Facial expressions , emotions , attitude , and motion all make the acting come alive , as if watching live events unfold before your very eyes . There were a few scenes that left you pondering what you witnessed , trying to put pieces together . Some people are turned off by this , because some events are n't blatantly obvious and require a bit of detective work on your part.However , Hard Candy is a film that deserves much more credit that it has received . I definitely recommend it to anyone who 's looking for a good film or a fan of thrillers , psychological films , or even suspenseful ones . It 's a film not to be missed .
 Hard Candy is a really tricky suspense . You see it starts off rather bland and predictable for the first 20 minutes as a young girl -LRB- played by the wonderfully underrated Ellen Page -RRB- meets up with a guy she 's been communicating with online , then ... The plot * completely * changes and becomes much much better.She 's convinced the guy has been touching children inappropriately and even taking pictures of them and hiding the pictures somewhere around the house . Ellen Page 's character then goes totally ballistic . Okay I kind of made an unintentional joke using the word `` ballistic '' . I swear I did n't realize that until after I said it.I really do n't want to spoil the storyline unlike a few other reviewers below who made no effort whatsoever to hide what eventually happens , so be VERY CAREFUL reading the reviews below mine.Let 's just say , the man who plays the 32-year old perverted photographer is absolutely stupid and constantly falls victim to Page 's antics . There 's definitely a handful of unrealistic moments , but who cares.The acting is phenomenal , and Ellen Page truly proves exactly WHY she 's so deserving of lead role whether she 's performing in comedies -LRB- Juno -RRB- or suspenseful , shocking films like this one . Any other female playing lead role would n't have been nearly as effective.Edge of your seat suspense at its very finest . Hardy Candy is a really good , and dare I say , * original * type of suspense . Usually it 's a crazy , murderous guy chasing the girl around playing mind games and being incredibly cruel , NOT the other way around . The plot is wonderful and suspenseful . A must see .
 This movie is well made for a first time director . Kudos for him . Now the movie starts out with a teenage girl to meet with a thirty-two year old man on the internet whom she realizes that he 's a child molestor . So she has a plan to turn the tables on him before anything can happen to her . Little does he know that this girl is very well educated and knows how to outsmart sexual predators like him . Patrick Wilson 's character should 've known better not to take underage girls to his home . That sick man learned his lesson the hard way . GOOD ! Sexual predators like him should know that justice has a turning point of finding and throwing them in prison for long years to come.I like this movie and it 's very interesting to watch and can be very educational and a hard lesson for criminal with sexual problems .
 I absolutely love Ellen Page . She knocks my socks off in every lead performance that she ever does . In this piece , the pacing is key and it does not miss a beat . While Page herself said that your sympathies shift between the characters mine did not waver for one moment . I totally felt that Page 's character was justified in what she did . Ellen Page and Patrick Wilson made a script with a minimal number of characters excellent . This piece works in a way where it possibly could have faltered . The reactions of the characters were totally believable , and the situation spoke volumes about human character . Patrick Wilson 's character came off as being both nice and creepy at the same time . I found the DVD commentary from Wilson and Page to be most entertaining and I learned something about the technical aspects . This film received the treatment that it deserves . Without a doubt Hard Candy is my favorite film .
 No spoiler here . This is a small movie that manages to do quite a bit on a miniscule budget . It has a glossy , finished appearance that utilizes clever photography and a well-written script with some first rate actors who were lesser known when this film was made.This movie introduced the remarkable Ellen Page to a larger audience as Hayley , a cunning teen who turns the table on a pervert named Jeff . Jeff , in turn , is played by Patrick Wilson -LRB- pre Phantom of the Opera -RRB- with a friendly affability that disguises his inner demons.HARD CANDY is suspenseful and a not quite predictable story with a lot of curves that the viewer can not completely anticipate . This is a fascinating story of cat and mouse that does not follow a pat formula .
 I think this movie made Ellen Page . Now she seems to be in everything . Either way , we can all relate to this plot . We all chatted with people on the internet and 9 out of 10 met with them in person and did we do n't want to know . This is a twist of real life . The young girl is not so inoccent and digs the truth out of the older guy . The long castrate torture scene got a little boring but that 's the only complaint i have . I love this movie . Snatched it up the moment i found it at the store .
 I absolutely love this film ! I first saw it while I was in eight grade , and was floored . This film will keep you on the edge of your seat ; it creates this atmosphere of tension that leaves you constantly guessing what each character 's next move will be . You do n't know who to trust throughout the film , and the ending can be interpreted a few different ways . I would say that this is one of Ellen Page 's finest films to date .
 I bought this movie for a friend because she had never seen it before and I loved this movie so much that I had to buy her a copy . After she had watched it she was excited to tell me that she indeed loved it too and was actually planning to have a friend of her 's watch it as well ! The movie is gripping and awesome but I can not say much as I could give it away on what happens . All I am going to say is , check it out . You will not regret it !
 I have a thing for Ellen Page . If she stars in a movie then I am bound to watch it .
 i dont remember watching this but the cover looks cool ? anyways i remeber the guy being hott . xylophone , xenophobia , zenon .
 this was a great movie . Specially if you knew someone that has ever been a target of a sexual offender . I definitely do think this movie made me think about what should happen to repeat sexual offenders and rapists .
 This is hands down my favorite film of all time . It 's one of those thriller that does n't need to use tons of blood and gore to make you cringe , the dialogue is so well written that you 're glued to the story without having to see all that torture porn . Great psychological thriller . Please watch this movie !
 The film directed by David Slade and written by Brian Nelson seems disturbing enough for just the subject matter alone , but it 's also eerie in how timely it 's release has been . With reports of teenage girls becoming victims of internet sexual predators appearing in all types of news media , Hard Candy arrives in the theaters through a limited release to highlight this current trend . Slade and Nelson has created an disturbing and , at times , a very uncomfortable film that shows the many twists and turns that happens when the roles of prey and predator become interchangeable.There 's no denying that Hard Candy aims to put a new twist on the exploitation subgenre of the rape-revenge films that dominated the late 70 's and early 80 's . Brian Nelson 's clearly channeling the influences from such rape-revenge fantasy films like Mastrosimone 's Extremities and the very disturbing and exploitive I Spit On Your Grave -LRB- Day of the Woman -RRB- by Meir Zarchi . From the beginning the audience is shown the set-up of an adult instant messenging another person with the screen name of Thonggrrl14 . Thonggrrl14 is in fact a 14 year-old teenage girl named Hayley and the adult on the other end a 32 year-old photographer named Jeff who goes by the screen name Lensman319 . Jeff has an unhealthy and disturbing penchant for pubescent girls as the subject of his camera lens.From their first meeting meeting at a coffee house where Jeff gradually begins a flirtatious conversation with the young Hayley to the point in the first act when he finally convinces her to go back to his house whcih doubles as his studio . There 's really no denying the sense of unease that permeates the first act as Hard Candy gradually paints Jeff as the sexual predator that he is . There 's no denying the fact that a man of his age should not be flirting and behaving as if the girl across from him is a fully-grown and developed woman of similar age . Hayley also comes across during this first act like a teenage girl dazzled by an older man who treats her older than her real age . It 's really a disturbing look at just how easily an adult can seduce a child into doing things they normally should n't be doing.Hayley -LRB- played by young Canadian actor Ellen Page -RRB- soons shows just how wrong and mistaken Jeff has been in picking her as his new prey . I do n't use that word loosely for that is what this film truly is when boiled down to its basic component . A one-on-one three-act play -LRB- Brian Nelson 's experience as a playwright shows in the stage-like sequences from beginning to end -RRB- between a predator and prey . This time around the prey has turned out to be the one who has done the hunting and the consequences on the wanna-be predator that is Jeff leads to a slow and deliberate set-up that looks like something out of Takashi Miike 's Audition . Hayley 's turning the tables on her stalker shows that girls her age are intelligent enough to know that what Jeff is doing is wrong . Hayley 's answer to that is to be the hunter instead and fix Jeff 's `` problem '' through what she calls as `` preventive maintenance . '' What she calls `` preventive maintenance '' is bound to cause many men in the audience to sit very uncomfortably and wince on more than once occassion.The acting job done by Ellen Page -LRB- balancing her indie work here with a turn as Kitty Pride in the upcoming X3
 It 's safe to say that before the release of the film I was basically foaming at the mouth in anticipation . I do n't know what it was that drew me so strongly to it , but there was something about it that just wet my appetite for great cinema.So , the week came when it was to be released , and Friday rolled around . I went to see it - and left utterly disappointed . I do n't know what I expected from the film , from all the press I read I expected simple torture then an end to the film , but what I got , I later realized , was so much more.The story , although topical to some degree , is at first glance a story of one person wanting to teach another a lesson about the `` naughty '' things they do , ALA Seven and Saw . But as the film unfolds the true faces are shown , and they 're ugly . Ellen Page and Patrick Wilson turn in flawless performances , as they 're the only main actors in the film , Sandra Oh plays a small , yet somewhat vital role , and then there 's that one guy at the cafe.The reason I detested this movie was for one simple reason - manipulation . NEVER in my life have I seen a film where my beliefs and feelings concerning the characters has shifted so furiously between one and the other . You sincerely believe that Jeff is an innocent man and that Haley is simply a sociopath . As the story unfolds , if you see the film in the same light as I did , by the end you 'll be completely worn out , and left with a feeling of bleakness.With most recent horror films focusing mainly on the gore aspect , and very little story , albeit one as complex as this , it was incredibly refreshing to see a horror/suspense film that was something that could just possibly top Hitchcock in his finest hour.A true masterpiece .
 I will admit something up front . I am a sucker for a tight , clever script where there is plenty of verbal sparring . Intelligent -LRB- might I even say -- `` thought provoking '' -RRB- drama gets me off . Two of my favorite classics are `` The Lion in Winter '' and `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Wolff ? '' -- two powerful , but wickedly funny , verbal bloodbaths based on plays . Now I 'm not saying `` Hard Candy '' falls into that league , but it is certainly refreshing to watch an adult film with an actual point-of-view that does n't dumb itself down for mass consumption.Ellen Page and Patrick Wilson are both suberb , and there are enough twists and action to keep the viewer guessing through their game of cat-and-mouse . This is a sweet antidote to the usual summer blockbuster -- one that will make you think and one that you will remember.Not to provide a spoiler , but the film does wrap itself up rather tidily -- which keeps it from being truly brilliant -LRB- I 'd actually give it 41/2 stars -RRB- . But I was riveted throughout.A word of warning , however , I imagine a lot of people might not like this film . But if you are a fan of well-scripted , well - acted drama and open to the subject matter -LRB- might be too controversial or even too graphic for some -RRB- , I 'd definitely give this a try . KGHarris , 9/06 .
 There are movies that haunt you and others that keep you guessing ; there are horror flicks and daring mind-benders ; there are suspense ridden narratives and atypical treaures
 In one of the most beautifully acted films of the year , director David Slade 's provocative Hard Candy asks a number of provocative questions
 A really well produced and well acted thriller that is n't afraid to push audiences outside of their comfort zone with justifiable intentions rather then pushing boundaries for the sheer shock of it . This is Ellen Page before Juno and this movie will give you every reason why she is currently very busy in Hollywood .
 I 'll skip the whole summary of the movie as it seems almost every other review covers that . It 's definitely outside of the ordinary situation you 'd find in movies and I thought it was very entertaining -LRB- and creepy ! -RRB- - instead , I 'll focus on the Blu-Ray itself.Right off the bat , one change from the DVD is the coverart . It 's got a 3-way split-view of the 2 actors and the title . . a big change from the original DVD art which was awesome . Nobody seems to enjoy it -LRB- and there are some 1-star reviews here about that specifically -RRB- . But really , who cares ? Not as good as the previous art , but not a big deal at all . . you 're buying this for the movie . I 'm more upset with the `` Eco-Case '' lionsgate used -LRB- with holes cut into the case to `` save plastic '' ? Again though , nothing that would affect the score -RRB- . Onto the disc . . VIDEO
 When Haily kidnaps Jeff after pretending to seduce and be seduced by him , she bounds and torments him.Haily is 14 , or says she is , and accuses Jeff of some horrible crimes against other young girls . How much is true we are not sure . Hard Candy 's dance is who is the vilian , who is not , what has one done , what will the other do.How the plot unfolds is good enough -- you 'll see-but it is the game played by actors Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page that makes Hard Candy worth watching . Haily gets all the power , and toys with Jeff . Both hold information back , Jeff 's deeds , Haily 's intentions , and you really do n't know who 's side you are on . Jeff is uncleanably slimy , though you do n't know what his crime really is , so do n't know if Hailey 's planned punishment fits.This is notFunny Games -RRB- . where power is expressed just for sadism . Hard Candy reminds me ofDeath and the Maiden , where power over a perceived victimizer is to make matters even and force atonement . Though where in Maiden there is a chance for forgiveness , Haily shows from the start this is not an option.Hard Candy 's dance is not new , but the thrill is to decide who did or will do what and how severe is the price .
 My girlfriend enjoyed this movie together after it arrived in great condition and in a short amount of time . Great movie and great seller .
 After seeing HARD CANDY , I had a nightmare that goes along like this
 I love this movie ! It 's both disturbing and the thing is ... you ca n't stop watching ! The more the movie goes on , the crazier it gets !!! Its a surprise , and I like that in movies !! Ellen Paige is for sure a future star in the making !!
 Who is this 14yo girl ? She calls herself Hayley , but who is she really ? I do not know . Once you see HARD CANDY you 'll understand what I mean . I have some theories ranging from the simple to the downright supernatural . Hayley -LRB- played by the remarkable Ellen Page -RRB- is a true enigma . As the story unfolds , we slowly find out what drives her . We are astounded by her intelligence and single-minded approach . I myself , was charmed , then utterly creeped out by this kid ! Throughout the whole ordeal , I kept thinking about movies like AUDITION or EXTREMITIES . Only HARD CANDY is far more disturbing in that it threatens to shatter taboos . I did n't know where this movie was taking me , and I did n't like the feeling of uneasiness and helplessness I felt . Now , that 's good horror ! If you 've heard that HC is `` controversial '' , do n't let that stand in your way . This movie is as tense a thriller as I 've seen in a while , w / elements that made me squirm like an eel w / a nervous disorder ! If you enjoy character-driven horror dealing w / `` controversial '' -LRB- there 's that word again -RRB- subject matter , then HARD CANDY should certainly satisfy . Buy immediately ...
 I see a lot of reviews about the story ... which IS great . But what really drew me into this film were the cinematography and sound . The cinematography is amazing and used as an asset to the storytelling . I did n't even notice it for the first 20min or so , but the shift in visual tone with the shift in the emotional tone is just amazing and adds another dimension to the expression . As for the sound , what impressed me was the lack of it . So many movies fill the background with music , usually to guide the audience in feeling the mood . But sometimes emotion is conveyed so much more powerfully without the aural hint at how we SHOULD feel . In the commentary , they even mention how they did this so that the viewer would be allowed to soak in the moment and respond/feel according to their own inner attitude . I think it makes the intense moments all that more intense . Overall , an incredible piece of art .
 Ellen Page 's performance in this movie is the greatest I 've ever seen by a person 18 or younger . She should have been nominated for an Oscar . Her performance is better than the movie but makes it a five-star film . This is not a horror movie -- it 's a thriller . Ellen Page is going to be one of the great ones , looks like .
 I really loved this movie . Its a twist on the normal abductor abductee senario . You 're not quite sure what 's going on at first who 's the bad guy and who 's not and as the movie progresses you kind of have to decide for yourself . I thought it was pretty strait forward but I know my brother was pretty pissed about the ending and the main female character . I think this is one that is probably going to piss a lot of guys off and women are going to like . Also you kind of have to pay close attention when they talk because the main point is n't super strait forward and they only mention it like 3 times . In the beginning you see the missing poster briefly , then she finds the picture of the missing girl and at the end he tells her a little bit about it . But over all it was good , excellent acting and a very different movie .
 This movie was interesting , because in the beginning you think the man is going to try to take advantage of the young innocent girl . But then later it looks like the man might be the innocent victim of the psychopathic girl . For most of the movie , the girl looks like the evil villan . I was definitely rooting for the man to get the upper hand . In the end , it 's a little of both ; the man turns out to be not so innocent after all . So is the girl the hero ? Or is she wrong also ? You 'll have to decide for youself .
 Firstly the two main actors in Hard Candy were excellent and very convincing . I also like the did he didnt he element of this film . Kept me entertained until the end
 You guys ca n't stand it because the tables are turned and the guy -LRB- not the girl -RRB- got what was coming to him.LOVE LOVE LOVE IT .
 `` Hard Candy '' is a movie that portrays a true sickness of content so well that it entices you to watch it through to the end . I must admit that I have never seen a film like this before and through to its conclusion it raised a personal discomfort concerning my willingness to view the film in its entirety . Without going into detail , the film is about the seduction of a young teenage girl by a man twice her age and the consequences of his intentions . The story made me feel uneasy , but I felt just as uncomfortable about exposing a young teen actress to the story and its content . I understand that the young actress , Ellen Page , has had other early experiences with somewhat similar difficult material , but that did not make me feel much better.The principal reason I was able to view this movie through to its conclusion was the acting ability of Ellen Page and how well she handled the sick story line of the film , which she carried out with a combination of innocence and a deep hatred and disgust for her `` seducer '' . The acting of these two main characters was excellent.I am not a real film buff and accordingly usually see a movie for its entertainment value with my wife and sometimes my kids who are in their late 20 's . This film in no way could be considered entertaining . Its attractions are that of being an original story being extremely well executed and constantly keeping you in suspense that you will view something you do not want to view . This is one movie that I did not see with any of my family members because I rented it on Amazon based upon very good reviews . I did rate `` Hard Candy '' with 4 stars because of its overall quality . However , in my opinion , the Amazon suggested scoring system does not work for films like this because it is supposed to be based on how much you like a film . According to Amazon , a rating of 4 stars equates to the category of `` I like it '' . My rating of 4 stars was not based upon how much I liked the film because I did not like it . My rating was based upon a rather crude assessment of the relative quality of contemporary films and accordingly 4 stars would mean that it was very good . Lastly , I do not believe this film should be viewed by any person below their late teens and preferably later . The content and cruelty of exhibited in the film may not be suitable in some circumstances for anyone regardless of age . For example , my 87 year old mother would only become unnecessarily upset by viewing this film .
 This is a tough but absolutely stunning movie - but the packaging is a catastrophy!The film poster -LRB- and DVD cover -RRB- for Hard Candy is one of the absolute best posters/covers in the last ten years.To replace that with the stupid cover on the Blu-ray is a disgrace , Lionsgate ! What is the bear trap doing on that cover ? The only way to use that bear trap is the way it was used on the original ! ... and I just noticed that Lionsgate have spoiled the cover on Secretary as well - with the same kind of bland nothingness . It looks like the same design - you should REALLY fire the guy responsible!A cover is supposed to get you interested in the film and also tell you a little about what you can expect from the film.These covers are completely non-descriptive and uninterresting - and I doubt very much they will sell copies.The only reason I am still buying the films in Blu-ray is because I already love them , and want them in the best possible resolution.Please get a grip , and fire that guy!Uffe Stegmann
 To be honest , I really did n't know what to expect . I was eating dinner with family and friends and this movie somehow came up . I was told that I would like this movie so I gave it a shot . I then learned that the star of Juno was in it . . so I would n't know what to expect . But then when I was watching the movie I did n't see the funny Juno MacGuff . I saw an actress who can play more than one type of role . I thought she was convincing which made me get into the movie . Seeing how `` insane '' she was made me question if the other title characters guilt . I would have rated it 5/5 but , I ca n't put my finger on it , I wanted a little more . I do n't know , I think something was missing . I could be wrong but I just feel that way . Nonetheless , it was a very good movie and I do recommend it to others . It is definitely a `` popcorn movie . ''
 Oh boy do people have definite ideas about this one . The good thing is I do n't need to include the story line . If you 're this far into the reviews you heard it stated & mis-stated a lot.I believed early on that pedophilia was the subject the show was about . By movies end I had decided the real subject matter here was excess . Over the top - mind bending excess . I no longer think the writer had any intention of showing the molester or the avenging angel in any kind of seriously actual light . The subject of pedophilia has been a hot issue for a long time now & the fact that this guy is a predator makes him the most disgusting kind of molester to most people . This show was created for most people not actual victims . It 's a movie made for profit not a social commentary.Once you leave the , '' is this a realistic portrayal of pedophilia behind ? '' You quickly catch on to what 's happening here . Every scene as it develops will be presented in the most outlandish & bizarre manner . This is a show that was meant to leave you a little stunned at all the preposterous scenes put together into a movie & it does make a movie that 's about complete excess . If you 're not into that you will hate this show , not to mention get hung up on the wrong theme . The pedophilia is simply a lightning rod for deep emotion . They sure got that much out of this show . Patrick Wilson & Ellen Page deserve credit for putting the show on their shoulders . They knew going in that this would be a divisive show & they would be the targets.I see comments about he was innocent or he was never proven guilty . He , however , felt he was proven guilty & caught red handed . Watch the end of the show . I 'm not saying it 's a perfectly legal portrayal of a conviction but maybe you noticed he had no jury , just an appeal proof judge . I read `` she is only 14 '' . I admit she looked 14 & said she was 14 . She also lied some.The guy is scum , human debris , they really do n't leave room to argue about that point ; even murder is admitted to . The question here is , was she any better ? Did she become so excessive that her monster is as bad as or worse than his ? The terrorization of his mind was intended to at least equalize the fear his victims felt & in this case most likely get some payback , make his suffering worse . You know , like if he is gon na make girls wonder about their immediate & future sex lives , well two can play that game . Our little girl has n't stayed daddy 's daughter . She is a predator all on her own & since her prey would not usually expect her kind of attack , she gets first shot.This movie asks the question ; can a human being become so low & defiled that we can treat them like a lion that attacked your family ? Your family is mankind here . Should the predator of children be hunted down & killed as if they were a predatory beast?This movie does n't care about setting a social standard . It 's willing to allow you to make any choice you deem fit . I guess you may have a complaint if you 're upset about them playing with your deep emotions but movies do that . This movie is just Hard Candy . Do n't break a tooth . If you must just shut it off . I loved it . 5 perverse Stars !
 Squeamish and vindictive , Hard Candy will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very end . Ellen Page is just fantastic in this beautifully shot film .
 I knew the deal going in , first off . However , that did not prepare me for the sinister nature of the film -- from all sides , for the emotions and thoughts the characters ' involvement evoked , or for the lingering creepy psychological impact of the perspectives presented . Who to sympathise with ? Anyone ? I 'm not sure . Haley was equally as awful as Jeff , though I have to fully admit that at first it was captivating to observe how articulately and eloquently she put it to him . The self-confessed irony of her character is that she is a little girl not able to do what a woman can . My thoughts on that were that she did dispassionately what a woman would likely be too emotionally involved to do . The terror that can be exacted by teenaged girls is no better shown that in this film.There were a lot of intuitive leaps on the sequence of events that did not work for me , and a few holes in Haley 's logic . In order for me to fully buy that Haley was what I was supposed to believe she was , I need to understand how she got there , and that information was missing from the film . It was alluded to , but not established as part of the story being told . The risk of omitting that part of the plot did not add mystique but detracted from the believability of that character . Haley was well-acted , but it seems that her performance was poorly directed or scripted unconvincingly . This film is certainly one to watch , a thrilled , indeed . I ca n't hold it up in the ranks of chick-revenge flicks , but it is certainly now rooted in my psyche .
 A very different type of movie . Minimum props . and cost in production but thrilling from almost start to end . A few good twists and acting , well some future stars in here there is . Found the movie entertaining and not disturbing but made the people I saw this with think . Personally liked this and was recommended for me to watch by a friend . I would do likewise to you .
 This movie deals with questions that we usually want to avoid . It does not give easy answers . The subject is disturbing , and so the movie is also disturbring . It left me thinking about hard issues . If you are after simple `` entertainment '' , this is not the movie for you . If you like to be challenged , you could do no better than this one .
 A fourteen year old girl , Hayley -LRB- Ellen Page -RRB- , chatting on the internet meets a 32 year old photographer whose moniker is ` lensmaster319 ' , but who 's real name is Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- . They arrange to meet in a coffee shop called Nighthawks.Hayley is far too wise for her years , and Jeff 's feeble attempts to prove himself above picking up on her are washed away in her innocent insistence that he take her to his house to hear a bootleg MP3 . What ensues is a game of cat-and-mouse , but who is the cat and who is the mouse ? ` Hard Candy ' is a psychological thriller , the entirety of the movie taking place between only two people in a singular environment , yet it manages to stay edgy and clever . The performances are superb , the dialogue flowing and sharp , the script tight and true-to-form . Even the atmospheric details -LRB- such as the obsessively clean house -RRB- rang true to profiling.While not a flash-action movie , ` Hard Candy ' will still keep you riveted to your seat and your ears cocked toward the screen , wondering just what will happen next and how far the game will go . Worth a purchase . Enjoy !
 This 2005 independent film basically has two characters -- a mature 14-year old girl played by Ellen Page who meets a man through the internet and the man , played by Patrick Wilson , a 32-year old pedophile photographer.There 's tension in the air from the beginning and this tension grows and grows as the girl becomes the tormentor and it 's the man who the audience feels sorry for . The acting was sensational although the screenplay was a little slow for my taste . There are surprises throughout and twists and turns of the plot . But the main emotions are the girl 's cold calculated cruelty and the man 's terror . This is an uncomfortable film to watch but I was fascinated throughout.The film is well done , might even be a prize winner , and , on a certain level , I was fascinated by it even though I hated it . Therefore , my recommendation is limited to film buffs only and those who not afraid of a film that will make you squirm .
 Already praised by some as modern-day fable based on the Little Red Riding Hood story , ` Hard Candy ' handles its controversial subject matter with tactful direction from the first-time director David Slade . He wisely avoided nudities or too direct descriptions of violence , but still because of exceptionally realistic acting from the two leads Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page , some parts of ` Hard Candy ' are very disturbing , making some of you feel not a little uncomfortable.In short , ` Hard Candy ' is a thriller or a tale of a fourteen-year-old girl who does a very bad thing to a middle-aged male who thinks he is a clever guy . It is about Hayley and Jeff , both of whom are seen engage in mind games after chatting on the net and meeting actually each other . You can easily see what Jeff is really thinking about when he meets the ` little girl ' at the beginning . The point is , the little girl also knows it too , and turns the tables when he asks her to drink something in his room.The rest of the film is about the battles , mental and physical , between these two characters . Except the brief appearance of Sandra Oh and Odessa Rae , the entire scenes are shot with only these two characters and the background about them are slowly revealed during the course of the narrative , which is greatly helped by the skillful camera work of David Slade.There is a surprise or two -LRB- depending on how you count -RRB- at the end of the film , but I do n't think they are necessary . The film begins and develops its story finely with a cautious pace , which renders each scene very realistic , but in the second half the tightly knit settings begin to lose power with implausibility of some events and unaccountable motives of the characters . Like some B-horror films -LRB- which ` Hard Candy ' is not -RRB- , we have to see someone refuse to do the most reasonable thing when he has to do it . I do n't know how you will find it , but I for one thought the too neat conclusion is slightly disappointing because I really loved the film 's mind games in its earlier section . Truly wise girl like Hayley would have done something different , more ingenious and original than the things -LRB- which I can not tell here -RRB- you see at the end of the film.Whatever your reactions , you will be fascinated -LRB- or terrified -RRB- by Ellen Page who has really become a 14-year-old girl Hayley whose character easily matches Norman Bates or Hannibal Lector . The difference is she could be so nice and cute , which makes her all the more terrifying .
 This is a dramatic pas de deux , unflinching in its intimacy . In the DVD bonus commentaries , the actors and director take exception to the impression some people had that this movie must have been adapted from a stage play . They protest that , to the contrary , this movie is supremely cinematic.I DID think this material looked as if it might have been adapted from a stage play . But to me , that is n't a negative . You get the best of both worlds here . You get the personal immediacy of a play , without a clutter of special effects and extras . But unlike being at a play , you get a telling close-up of the actors ' faces . And that 's everything in this intense game of cat and mouse.The acting is gripping , although I think that Patrick Wilson looks a little too nice to be a sexual predator . Not that all predators have to look seedy and suspect . But Wilson lacks that glinting , concentrated quality that comes of having a hidden agenda in every encounter . However Ellen Page is brilliant as his intended teenage victim . She blazes with genius , both practical and philosophical , as she counters each one of the predator 's self-justifying arguments in turn.The movie looses some logic towards the end . I do n't see the inevitability of the end in the same way the characters do . But that 's a relatively small flaw in a generally realistically noir film.Neither of the two bonus DVD commentaries is very good . Listening to them tends to detract from the impact of the movie you 've just watched . The actors ' commentary is slightly better than the writer 's . However you probably do need to listen to at least one of these running commentaries in order to pick up on a key point in the movie 's action . I , apparently like a lot of viewers , did n't realize a pivotal element in this interplay until it was explained in the commentaries .
 Hard Candy -LRB- David Slade , 2005 -RRB- It 's odd
 A one of a kind film which changes its spots at different times . In the best part , the girl has the guy tied up for pre-emptive surgery . The dialogue at this point is absolutely black comedy . It 's way unfair - he 's already tied up and also she 's smarter than he is and wins every verbal exchange . After the deed is done , the girl dangles a little hope by mentioning a teacher she had who got his finger sewed back on . Meanwhile she 's inevitably wandering toward the garbage disposal . Finally we hear the crunching sound briefly - followed by - whirrrrr !
 The movie is spectacular , the production level and the creativity or the writing is a perfect example of what is missing in most movies today . Hard Candy does what most movies do n't these days and its keep the viewers attention through good acting and great story tellig instead of relying on millions of dollars worth of special effects . If you can appreciate a good movie and dont suffer from a weak stomach Hard Candy is a must have .
 David Slade 's `` Hard Candy '' is the last thing I expected on a Saturday afternoon -- the smothering , almost unbearable atmosphere of psychological terror rivals some of the best of this genre that I have ever seen , and that includes some of the work of Ingmar Bergman . This film certainly suffices as society 's ultimate artistic revenge on sexual predators and then some.Ellen Page gives the performance of a lifetime as a young woman named Hayley Stark , who for the most part remains a mystery throughout the film . Luring Jeff -LRB- Patrick Wilson -RRB- , an internet pervert who has a taste for photography and underage girls into a situation that seems ideal for a guy like this , the tables are turned are turned very quickly and predator becomes prey in a brutal fashion . Hayley drops hints here and there of her absolute contempt for Jeff in the most subtle , teasing ways , but he has absolutely no way of knowing what 's coming.Hayley has so many different motives that it gets hard to keep track of amidst all of Jeff 's screaming
 I 'm glad that I did not read a single review here before I watched this movie because I would not have enjoyed it as much if I knew half the story.So after having said that , I urge anyone reading to stop and go rent or buy the movie . I watched it based on one trailer at the theater which gave away nothing important but the basics
 This movie is like Open Water , where there are only two actors in a situation that you know something terrifyingly awful is going to occur but you are compelled to watch anyway . In this one a thirty-something man is trolling the Internet chat rooms looking for young girls . He has a conversation with a 14 year old girl and they agree to meet.He tells the girl that he is a photographer that does a lot of work for magazines and the girl ends up at his house . The first thing that the girl notices is there are photos of young girls lining the walls . He gives her alcohol and she appears to be getting drunk but then the man starts getting ill and passes out . When he wakes up he is tied to a chair and being interrogated by the girl . She tries to get him to say something incriminating or help her to locate something incriminating in his house . As soon as she finds something you know that something bad will happen . The seamingly innocent 14 year old becomes a calculating vigilante metting out brutal justice . It is at this point you want to stop the film but you are compelled to continue watching to find out what will happen -LRB- even though you already can guess what will happen -RRB- . If you have a very weak mental constitution , this movie is not for you . If nothing phases you than you will appreciate the incredible acting and the thrill of the shocking situation that the two are in .
 Cosidering the nature of this film it could of quite easily been done cheap and tacky . It was done so very well . One of the best made films I have come across . Recommend for people that are n't easily disturbed by subject matter .
 These actors give fantastic performances in a harrowing story of a young girl who turns vigilante , trying to punish a possible sexual predator . The `` castration '' scene will make you look away . Controversial , provocative , shocking , and much more .
 this is a really good movie . I wasnt expecting much , But i came away with alot .
 In the film `` Freeway '' , Reese Witherspoon reinvented the fairy tale character of Little Red Riding Hood as a scrappy survivor capable of rescuing herself from the Big Bad Wolf . In `` Hard Candy '' , Ellen Page goes even further , and plays Little Red Riding Hood as a ruthless vigilante on a mission to punish the Big Bad Wolf for his sins . `` Hard Candy '' is a taut , intelligent , intense thriller that completely ignores the normal clich&eacute;s of victims , predators , villains and vigilantes . Even more impressive is that the entire film is carried by the two superb performances of Patrick Wilson and Ellen Page . Wilson 's Jeff is evil and manipulative to be sure , but he also fills the character with plenty of vulnerability , self-loathing and desperation . Page 's Hayley is a true revelation
 I had been anticipating seeing this movie after I was able to watch the first eight minutes on the internet , and I was not disappointed ! This movie is one of the best movies I have seen this year ; albeit a little disturbing the story and the acting was all top notch .
 Controversial ? Definately . Enjoyable ? Very much so . Recommended to me by friends , I had to try this . I was amazed by the restraint from graphic and sexual violence . Ellen Page is brand new to me , but she was great in this ! A 14-year old , behaving like an adult , emotionally torturing this guy who may a molester , so many things happen in this movie that I was n't expecting , and there were times you did n't know who to root for . The writer and director took an idea that may have been done before , and throws the audience for a loop . I 've never seen a 14 year old girl do something like this-act like an adult , and take the law into her own hands . To me , this film was very original , everything was done very subtly , and sometimes that is n't a bad thing . Rent this film , it 's worth it , believe me ! It 's also worth owning .
 Hard candy is one of those movies , where you have some * idea * about what it 's about , and once you start watching it you quickly realize that you had * no * idea what so ever . You can turn on the TV any given day and see some news station , talk show host or investigative report on child predators . Lately we have all been subjected to the Amber Alerts , Megan 's Law , the pictures of the innocent children who we all know are dead , and the new phenomenon on dateline NBC where people pose as children to lure predators to houses than they ambush them , confront them than arrest them . I am sure that the public outcry if not deftly handled by law enforcement would result in many a pedophile being strung up . These men and women , too many people , get off too easily . They have to register as sex offenders , have their pictures on websites and wear ankle bracelets , not a fitting punishment for someone who hurts children for a living.This movie takes that concept of `` payback '' to a whole new level , and asks * what if the child took the upper hand * What If a 14 year old girl , researches and finds predators , hunts them down and makes them pay ? What on earth could she do ? The answer is * a lot * Hailey is a smart , precocious , crafty little bundle of vengeance , and it was n't too far fetched to see her doing what she did . I know a lot of reviewers say it was unrealistic , that no 14 year old is that smart or strong , I would like to point out that maybe their children are just not that way , but there are those out there who are living beyond normal potential . Adrenaline , smart planning , and common sense outweigh age any day.It is a raw and brutal movie , not for the squeamish or faint at heart . At times you are asking yourself if you feel sorry for this man , or if Hailey is the monster , I have to admit in the end I was n't crying for his loss.I love the instances throughout the movie of -- choosing between embarrassment and shame or bodily harm . -- underestimating your preyThis is n't a family movie , or a movie to show children what so ever , its not a movie to show the dangers of the computer or stranger danger , it 's a movie for adults who have ever enjoyed the `` ole switcharoo '' scenario . Totally worth seeing .
 Hard Candy is one of a kind . For around 20 minutes or so in the film , I could barely breathe . The screenplay and the powerful acting captures you in such a way . I loved the start of the movie and the underlying suspense , You will never know what happens next . It is not as good as Saw but definitely worthwhile a watch if you bothered with the sequels . Another film people might really like would be `` Five Fingers '' Hard Candy makes you fall in love with the villain but is there one in the movie , I ask . The end was questionable and abrupt but then , you do n't set terms for a film of this magnitude . Hard Candy is the kind of film I will recommend to all my friends knowing a lot of them wo n't like it . *** k that . Watch it !
 I waited quite some time to see this movie . When it was in the theater it was playing in only selected theaters.This movie holds your attention from beginning to end ; the acting is strong and the plot is interesting . The surprising finish is the icing on the cake .
 Good mystery and you really will enjoy the way this story ends !
 ... one ca n't deny the ferocious intensity of this indie thriller . Ellen Page is nothing short of brilliant as Hayley , a young girl who meets a charming photographer on an internet chat line . Played by Patrick Wilson , this charming but creepy young man takes Hayley home with him , and what could have been a film about pedophilia becomes a disturbing tale of revenge . Page is convinced Wilson is a pedophile and responsible for the disappearance of a young girl . She imprisons him in his home and vows to castrate him for his crimes.What makes the film so uncomfortable at times is the sympathy one ca n't help feel for Wilson and how calm Page is in her mental torture of the supposed pedophile . Is he guilty ? Is she insane?The ending is a surprising one , but the real reason this movie works is the brilliant work of Page and Wilson in a basically two character movie . Sandra Oh does show up as Wilson 's neighbor but its a cameo performance for sure.A good if disturbing movie .
 Now here is a movie for those who think of harming children . This movie is a warning that you may harm a child that is as messed up as you . Revenge is only sweet in the mind of the revenger .
 This is true
 We saw this film at tne Palm Springs Film Festival in 2005 . It was shown at 11:00 in the evening because of it 's content . The movie was over at 1:00 am and it took about 2 hours after that to discuss it and then settle down . It was a constant swing from `` OH MY GOD , I ca n't believe she is doing that !!! '' to `` You GO Girl !!! '' Ellen Page is an amazing talent and Patrick Wilson is a perfect slime . We have told all our friends about this film and we are going to purchase it to make sure they see it .
 I got the movie in good time , it was in good shape . Very happy with the way things went!Thanks
 i love this movie . i bought it just because zac was in it . then i watch it and it was so good ned was hilarious and zac really did a good job making you think he really is a 37yr old in a 17 yr olds body . he really made the movie great.i was disappointed about the dvd copy not having special features though . i dont have blu ray so i have no use to buy the blu ray copy .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this fun frolic through the ` missed chances ' of high school . Zac Efron handled the confusion and exuberance of youth revisited with a fun and fresh approach . I have watched this movie over and over , enjoying it each time . In addition , the actor who played the best friend , Ned , almost stole the show . He was outstanding ! Three thumbs up on this one !
 I am 34 and I happened to see this movie on HBO . It made me re-examine my life to make sure I am living the life I am supposed to be living.I highly recommend it for middle-age men . While I do believe that our lives are `` sunk costs '' and that there is no point to dwell on things we ca n't change , I do believe we can gain insight by looking deeper into our past lives and discovering the lives we should be leading . This movie made me scared about whether I am living the life to its fullest . Am I doing things now that I will regret in the future ? What should I do with my life ? What do I need to do to make sure I am living out the life that I am supposed to be living out -LRB- given we all have our unique contributions to make -RRB- . I hope you see this movie and get a little inspiration out of it.Enjoy !
 This is a really AWESOME , COOL , NEW movie ! It may have a few bad words in it , well to tell you the truth , theres a lot of those words . But when you watch it you wo n't mind that because you 'll be blown away ! I was n't really sure if I wanted to go . Now that I watched it I think I would have died in the next few weeks for not seeing it!Zac Efron Did his best ! I think he did the best in any other movie that he has been in ! ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !
 I 'm pretty picky about movies I 'll spend money on nowadays . I fell in love with this movie because , in the middle of so much crud coming out of Hollywood , here is a show that actually praises abstinence and encourages families to work out their problems.The humor is incredibly clever , Zac Efron nailed Matthew Perry 's mannerisms and intonations , and the storyline is charming.I ca n't even count how many times I 've watched this movie since buying it . I highly recommend it . And of course , I found it cheapest here on Amazon .
 OK buddies do n't laugh ! I watched this film because my wife recorded it on our DVR . This film reminded me of so many of those 80 's high school comedies with the body switching premise . The film is not very original , but Zac Efron carries the story with some help from a good cast that keep it amusing . The story of a would be basket ball star -LRB- Efron -RRB- blows his big chance at playing college ball and getting a scholarship to marry his high school sweetheart who he gets pregnant . Fast forward 20 years and you have Matthew Perry who is stuck in a nowhere job and ca n't seem to find any passion in his life whether it be fixing up the house , being a good dad or not making his wife feel guilty for the choice he made to leave the big game to propose to her.While the film is oh-so familiar , I thought Efron was engaging and with the help of comedians Jim Gaffigan and Thomas Lennon , the film is an easy watch with some funny moments . Efron shows he could be more than just a pretty face in this good natured teen comedy .
 I Got this movie to watch with my wife . I was expecting nothing but the typical teen flick , starring one of Disney 's prefabricated Child Stars.Wow ! Zac Efron CAN Act ! Who would 've thought . This guy could turn into a HUGE star in the next few years and a Highly Respected actor if he makes good career choices . The movie was really good too . I was entertained the whole time and was n't bored for not even a minute.This movie reminded me a lot of Back to the Future . It was n't as good -LRB- BTTF is a classic -RRB- but it was a pretty good effort and a pleasant surprise .
 If you took ` Big ' , threw in a little ` Disney 's The Kid ' and added an emotional heft of ` It 's a Wonderful Life ' and you 'd have the magic of '17 Again ' . I really ca n't believe I just said all that , since walking into this movie I expected to find it mundane and worthless . I actually really liked this movie , like a lot.Sure , it 's predictable , but in a charmingly fresh way.The film tells the story of Mike , a one-time basketball star who gave up his dreams to marry his pregnant girlfriend . Twenty years later and Mike is bitter and dissatisfied with his life , which has weighed heavily on his wife Scarlett , who feels like the target of Mike 's unhappiness . The film opens with Mike living at his best friend Ned 's house while he awaits his impending divorce . Mike 's teenage kids resent him and his wife is aching to love him , but her better judgment wo n't allow it . When Mike gets a freaky visit from a man no one else can see he is soon in for a strange yet much needed wake up call . After falling off a bridge , Mike finds himself 17 again , only this time he 's living out his high school days in the present , with his wife and kids in arms reach . Taking this as an opportunity to fix his life , Mike begins mending relationships , but his current situation certainly makes it a tad difficult.You do n't need me to tell you that everything works out in the end , but the film works a lot of magic getting us there!Personally , I did n't have much faith in Zac Efron . I was wrong . This kid has loads of charm and real talent that he uses to full effect here . The films more tender scenes are carried with the needed humor yet substantial emotional depth . Who was n't near tears while Efron unloads in a classroom about the love he felt for his newborn daughter or when he pleaded in the courtroom for his wife to give him another chance ? Efron NAILED this performance . He was slick , charming , cool and emotionally relevant . The supporting cast did n't do so bad either . Thomas Lennon -LRB- as the nerdy best friend -RRB- is ridiculously hilarious here , even when his character is a little too far over the top , and Leslie Mann is not only beautiful , but she is intelligently funny -LRB- I just love her work -RRB- . Michelle Trachtenberg is like my new celebrity crush -LRB- man has she grown up -RRB- and Sterling Knight balances his awkwardness with layered bravado as Mike 's son.Yes , this story has been told before , but that does n't mean this one is n't just as good as the others . It 's far from what I expected , but that is a very good thing .
 This movie is a delightful romp with a lot to offer . Zac Efron is amazing in his part as Mike , with talent to burn . He 's sweet but takes no prisoners when dealing with ruffians , and his moves on the dance floor and his agility with a basketball are equally impressive . He demonstrates his acting chops in this movie as well , going from winsome to tough to romantic and all-around likeable without ruffling a feather.Thomas Lennon as his quirky Star Wars sidekick is hilarious and adorable . His role is more than a supporting one , as his storyline is given more space than one might expect , but it adds a lot to the movie 's humor and keeps it lighter than it would be with the sometimes gritty problems that Mike faces with his children 's issues and the difficulties of trying to recapture his wife 's love.Matthew Perry 's part is too small to do him justice , but he fulfills it well . The movie focuses mainly on Zac Efron 's part in regaining what the adult Mike , played by Perry , can not get back on his own.This movie is so enjoyable that you 're willing to suspend disbelief when you need to . Mike 's wife , for example , seeing him exactly as he looked when he was a teenager , is very slow in picking up on the fact that he IS her husband as a teenager , and she seems blandly accepting of the story concocted by Lennon 's character that the young Mike is his son . Of course , the transformation from 30-year-old to 17-year-old Mike is another leap , but the movie is so engaging that you do n't mind . Watching Mike get back at the bullies picking on his teen children is satisfying , and his efforts to extricate himself from sticky situations are humorous.Anyone who ever thinks about those teen years and wishes there were a way to go back and relive them again will enjoy this movie . There 's plenty of action , some tender moments , and enough craziness to keep you thoroughly entertained . It gets my vote , and I 'll definitely watch it again .
 Life has not gone well for Mike O'Donnell -LRB- Matthew Perry -RRB- . His wife Scarlett -LRB- Leslie Mann -RRB- has kicked him out . His kids , Maggie -LRB- Michelle Trachtenberg -RRB- and Alex -LRB- Sterling Knight -RRB- want nothing to do with him.When he tells the janitor at the high school he 'd love to go back and do it all again , he suddenly finds himself back in his 17 year old body -LRB- now played by Zac Efron -RRB- . Getting his best friend Ned -LRB- Thomas Lennon -RRB- to claim to be his father , he enrolls in high school . But why has Mike become 17 again ? Can he solve all his problems with a second chance?I guessed going into this where the story was going , and I was right . Heck , the age changing movie is nothing new . But this movie offers an enjoyable take on the familiar premise . It 's funny at times and tender at others . And the humor does n't reach too far into the awkward humor bucket , something I find more cringe inducing than funny most of the time.When I first heard about the casting , I did have to question it . Zac Efron and Matthew Perry ? Seriously ? But I think I am thinking about a fantasy comedy too seriously . The entire cast gives good performances , ranging from the funny to the more serious and tender moments.A special shout to Thomas Lennon and the character of Ned . He made the film for me . I laughed so hard at Ned reveling in his geekiness . And Thomas Lennon played the part absolutely perfectly.As I suspected from the PG-13 rating , there is plenty of sexual humor over the course of the film . I did find myself laughing at parts of it despite myself , but other times I found it more squirm inducing than funny . Parents will definitely want to think about it before they let their pre-teens and young teens see it.Honestly , I think the movie could have been just as funny and more enjoyable for me without the sexual humor . Even as it is , this is an enjoyable comedy .
 No thank you High School Musical or Charlie St. Cloud , but this one got me . Even though it 's a bit of an overused theme -LRB- changing to someone younger or `` Freaky Friday '' style switching lives -RRB- this is one of the better ones ! Everyone in the cast worked great for me except Matthew Perry who looked a little sloppy and old to me . Sorry =-LRB- . Aside from that I was shocked to see myself thoroughly enjoying a Zac Efron movie . Kudos to Zac and the production team on this one !
 There is something I really liked about this movie and it 's not necessarily Zac Efron . Although , he did show that he has range and is a great up and coming , comic actor . I really enjoyed the story . Is it completely original ? No , but it is a fun update to the whole `` It 's a Wonderful Life '' storyline with fun performances by the core cast . It certainly is worth checking out even if you are n't a big Zac Efron fan like me .
 The PlotMike O'Donnell is a married adult with two teenage kids and wife who is finalizing her divorce with Mike . All of a sudden , in some mysterious magical way , Mike is tranformed into a teenager and he goes back to high school to relive his glory days as a basketball star . The adult Mike is played by Matthew Perry and the young `` 17 Again '' Mike is played by Zac Efron.The ActingThis movie is obviously meant as a showcase for Zac Efron . He demonstrates his incredible basketball skills , as well as his fine acting talent in this comedy . There are numerous comedic situations involving young Mike , including scenes with his son . For example , in a reversal of roles , the son corrects the father , especially when young Mike ogles his older wife . Too much looking and young Mike gets a rap in the head with a basketball or gets squirted with water from his son.Leslie Mann plays the wife and mom , and she does it with a delicate balance . Mom , -LRB- Ms. O ' Donnell -RRB- , is gracious and usually keeps just enough distance from young Mike to make it believable . Ms. Mann 's acting is nuanced and her character is soft , gentle , and slightly off balanced , but in a sweet and ditzy way.The SmackdownSmack . Smack . Smack . Smack . Smack . Smack . Smack . Smack . Count them . That 's a total of eight smacks . I was cracking up when young Mike was smacked in the face by his wife , his daughter , three beautiful teenage girls , and by his nerdy , best friend . I just had to watch these scenes again and again as it was just so funny.The EndEnough punishment for Zac Efron and praising of Leslie Mann , just watch this comedy and you will enjoy it as much as I did .
 This was a cool little flick . Zac E does a great job . You actually buy into the fact that he is a dad in a 17 year old body . I was impressed with his acting and look forward to buying this movie.His friend/nerd was hilarious and this movie is a fun must see .
 I thought this movie would be one of those `` watch once so you know what people are quoting '' movies ; however , it was quite the opposite . This movie is incredibly hilarious & witty ! Highly recommended !
 Yes it 's Zac Effron , but man does he do a crazy awesome job of channeling Chandler Bing -- I mean Matt Perry . Thomas Lennon steals the show with his role as the crazy goofy geek of a best friend . I love him . I want to marry him . Kidding . -LRB- No I 'm not kidding . -RRB-
 The actors were great and it is funny warm hearted and I just love this movie very enjoyable and fun to watch
 This movie was purchased as a gift , but rating is for prompt service and value . I have not viewed this movie .
 This movie made me a Zac Efron fan . Funny movie . Family friendly . Well acted . I have watched this movie over and over .
 This movie had comedy and drama . Makes you think about what you would change in your life if you could go back in time . I thoroughly enjoyed it !
 This movie is really one of my go to movies ! Such a feel good film , makes you think about what 's important in life.Love Zac Efron he always brings his roles all he has to offer . Also Mathew Perry even though was barely in the movie , I love him as well .
 That 's what my daughter said about Zac Efron in `` 17 Again '' and I ca n't argue with her ! This is a great movie about what you would do if you had your life to live all over again and his hilarious friend , Ned -LRB- Thomas Lennon -RRB- , makes us laugh . It 's a charming , funny movie that both parents & kids alike will enjoy . And Zac is easy on the eyes : -RRB-
 A fun movie that similar to movies about going back in time and/or age , but it entertainly different . Going back in age , but not time to relearn from your mistakes & get yourself on the right track . And of course the issue of meeting your own kids in high school while you look their age & they think you 're a fellow student is fun .
 17 Again is the only DVD I wanted to purchase this year . It makes you think about your life . Very inspirational ! I also like it because Zack Efron and Sterling is so cute and funny in this movie.Best movie of the year !
 I really appreciated you getting my DVD out to me quickly . This was a gift for my daughter and getting it before her birthday was wonderful . Thank you for your timely service .
 This movie was really enjoyable to watch , The story line is strong , there are funny moments , and there are serious moments.The movie basically asserts that Mike O ' Donnell -LRB- Matthew Perry -RRB- a guy in his late 40s -LRB- a basketball star in his teen days -RRB- , got off the wrong tracts of his life and stumble into many failures , his wife Scarlett O ' Donnell -LRB- Leslie Mann -RRB- , because Mr. Donnell blame her for his failures . . Mrs. Donnell decides to set forth a divorce and to take the kids Alex and Maggie . Mr. Donnell then stumbles into the highschool and meets this old weird janitor , later on Mr. Donnell would be 17 again . The teen Mr. Donnell -LRB- Zac Efron -RRB- now has the opportunities to reshape and diligently rebuild the directions for his kids , and at the same time develop the opportunities to stop the divorce . Of course he did n't do all this alone ... he is just a teen ... but his best friend , Ned Gold -LRB- Thomas Lennon -RRB- an adult will help aide Mr. Donnell in his adventures . The winning point of this movie was the amazing emotional speech that Mr. Donnell articulated inside the court room , it had ultimately set Mrs. Donnell 's decision.I recommend this movie .
 The DVD case and disk are in great condition and the movie itself is amazing . The product arrived within the shipping window , but just barely .
 This was an excellent revision to George Burns version of 17 Again in the 80 's . Zac Efron did a great job as well as Matthew Perry . These are two very talented actors who followed in very big footsteps . Some of it i would not recommend for children under 13 because of the decade change . Other than that one great movie .
 A cute and funny movie . The kids love it and even though there are a few bad words in it the whole family loves to watch it .
 This movie was so funny I really did n't want it to end . All the characters fit so well together .
 I just loved this movie and have watched it a few times since I bought it . If you love Zac Ephron and Matthew Perry you will love this movie .
 I would have given this DVD 5 stars because I truly enjoyed the movie . BUT there are NO bonus features - incredibly disappointing .
 First off let me say that I love the movie . Zac Efron does a great job . The DVD is the disappointment . While I has the widescreen and full screen versions on the same disc , it is totally absent of bonus material . No trailer , deleted scenes , making of , nothing . The Bluray has a little but not a lot . So to wrap it up
 I first saw this movie in the theaters , and it was amazing !! I ca n't count the number of times I laughed . It 's a good family film , even though it 's PG-13 , but these days , 8 yr olds are watching R movies ... Zac Efron is AMAZING in this movie . Definitely better than the HSM movies he did . This movie is definitely in my Top 10 Favorite Movies .
 I was skeptical at first . I 'm usally not in to these type of movies . I thought it might not be believable , but they all did wonderful jobs acting in this movie . I was never really a fan of Zac , but I must say this guy CAN act ! I was very impressed . The movie was awesome ! A very funny movie and very believable ! Very Good Job ! Very Funny !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie is extremely funny and everybody did an awesome job . It 's like the opposite version of '13 Going on 30 ' Mike O'Donnell gives up his chance for a scholarship , when he finds out his girlfriend , Scarlet is pregnant . 20 years later , Mike is going through a bad divorce , his kids do n't respect him and is forced to stay at his nerdy friend , Ned 's house . While visiting his old ' school , a janitor asks Mike if he wishes he could go back and do it all over again . Mike tells him ` yes ' and the next morning , he 's 17 again ! I thought it was hilarious when Zac Efron acts like a parent the whole time and tells teenagers to be abstinent . He helps his son get on the basketball team , his daughter is dumped by the school bully and tries to make out with him , and his wife is dating another man . Can teenage Mike set things right ? I wish I could be 17 AGAIN !!!
 Witty , hilarious , and inspiring . Zac Efron is incredible in this touching story of how a man who loses his way in life finds redemption with the ones he loves .
 I was surprised by this movie . Thought it would be a kid movie or a movie Id play in the background for noise as I work on school work or to entertain younger kids when they 're at my house . I must say , this movie made me laugh and kept my attention from beginning to end . A must see and I have watched this several times alone , with my boyfriend -LRB- who refused to watch this , then I could n't get his attention once he did start watching it -RRB- and with younger adults . A +
 This was a good surprise , much better than I expected . Sound messages on marriage , family , and even sex presented in a way that might make even a few of today 's teenagers listen . Extremely entertaining as we watch the 40-year-old Mike O'Donnell in his 17-year-old body encounter his children and his wife , having difficult remembering that , to them , he 's just a really bizarre 17-year-old `` man-child '' that suddenly showed up in their lives . I really , really enjoyed this movie and can watch it several times over for some of the funny dialogues and good messages that come out of it .
 Honestly , a lot better than I expected . I really wanted to continue my dislike for Zac Efron coming into this but he actually did a pretty did an impressive acting job here . The movie was actually really funny at times and the story had some interesting dynamics -LRB- even though I feel like the basic story plot is pretty overused -RRB- . Nothing amazing here , but nothing bad either . If you want a light-hearted , funny movie , and a reason not to kill Zac Efron this might just be what you 're looking for .
 Totally cute , and worth the $ 8 imho . Zac Efron is a fantastic actor -LRB- and amazing looking to boot -RRB- and the casting of his best friend as the reno 911 guy was perfect . It 's a great movie when you just need to get lost for 2 hours and not worry about the world . I adore Zac Efron -LRB- I am 32 -RRB- and have loved every movie he has been in . Good acting , good casting . I watched it back when it came out and was looking for something fun to watch while I work on some stuff to help pass the time and was happy when I remembered this movie and found it on amazon download so I can watch it again .
 No wonder Mike is an old , bitter cynic at age 40 . If I went from looking like Zac Efron to Matthew Perry , I 'd be most unhappy , too . What a funny , sweet and endearing movie . Zac Efron is more than just blue eyes and hair and his best friend -LRB- Thomas Lennon -RRB- is hysterical . He also gets a storyline that 's just as enjoyable . What I liked about it a lot is that Efron 's character Mike , is still in Dad and husband mode in his interactions with his family . Efron does a good job affecting the mannerisms of someone who is older than 17 . And as a `` Scarlett '' myself , my `` Mike '' went from `` yeah , I wish I could do it all over again , too '' at the beginning to `` marrying you is one of the best things I ever did . '' Awww .
 ... a lightweight , teen-focused , crowd-pleasing and somewhat romantic comedy.Sure there are more than a few cheesy cliched moments in there , some of which threaten your suspension of disbelief , and of course the Obligatory Miraculous Happy Ending . But overall the cast is solid , the dialogue decent , some pretty fetching eye candy -LRB- Leslie Mann is GORGEOUS ... who IS this woman ??? -RRB- , just enough bits and pieces of somewhat original and inspired comedy to keep you entertained and your gag reflex at bay.Not sure I 'd really want to sit through it more than once , but I certainly did n't regret seeing it ... you know , that kind of movie .3 stars overall + 1 star extra for Leslie Mann = 4 stars
 The shipping was fast . The DVD was in brand new condition - still sealed from the factory . Great find !
 I watched this movie several times and each time it was funnier . Zach Efron is a very good actor and I think he will go far in this business . He 's also not bad to look at .
 I do n't know what I was expecting from this movie , but I was shocked at how good this film was.This movie is a cross between a reverse Big and It 's a Wonderful Life.There are some blatant references to It 's a Wonderful Life - the bridge scene that throws our protagonist back into a 17 yr old body , for instance . And thank goodness for it!This is a movie about a man that gets to take a second look at his life , and in taking stock , is able to gain the perspective he needs to fix things . A father 's view of teenage sexuality is particularly well handled.Zac Efron handled the role capably . I was n't expecting much of him , but he is a more than decent actor that handled an unusual role with real grace and skill.The soundtrack is stellar - my only complaint is that the exceptional `` The Underdog '' by Spoon did not make the cut for the album .
 I purchased this for my 13 year old granddaughter , who loves Zach Efron , but my daughter and myself watched it with her and really enjoyed it !!
 I really enjoyed this romantic comedy , and I know a lot of it was sort of like a bringing-the-family-back-together type film but there is romance at the heart of it . Zac Efron is a hunk and a doll , and I think he was awesome as a 40-year old man trapped in his own 17-year old body . He was believable , and his comedic timing was perfect . I was really worried that this flashback adventure would be predictable and only mildly funny , but it was pleasantly surprising and full of good humor . Leslie Mann and Matthew Perry are two of my favorite actors so it was nice to see them starring as the romantic leads , but it stinks that Perry did n't get as much screen time as Mann . I hope to see Perry in more movies soon ... I miss his comic stylings.I also want to mention that the side love story of Ned and the principal cracked me up ... their nerdiness brought them together . Loved it ! Ned was awesome ... same guy that played Doug in I Love You , Man . He is a hoot.Great fun , sweet movie .
 As the years pass by we se the same subject being tackled again and again.But because the story is itself a kind of fantasy tale , this usually bringsme in for a view.Yes we know the story , we know how its gon na end . Pleasantly surprisehow the direction of this film went . Good smart script , good acting usually presents a good movie , and because the silly scenes or situations were keptat a minimum this became a very good movie.So if your into these types of movies , you should be able to enjoy thisone pretty good .
 The storyline was predictable , as other movies like this storyline but I enjoyed this movie . Good acting and it had a feel good ending which I enjoyed.I give it 4 stars as it was predictable , but I was n't bored watching it and would watch again : -RRB-
 this is a fun movie that never pretends to be anything its not . zac efron proves he can carry a movie while thomas lennon steals the entire film . it has some surprisingly funny moments as well as some surprisingly emotional ones as well . its much better than anyone could expect but also exactly what its supposed to be .
 This movie is being pushed as all Zac Efron . Fortunately for Zac , he has a very good supporting cast that keep him from falling flat . The fact that this release comes with not only the Blu-ray edition , but a standard definition DVD and a digital copy adds to its value that may push it from being just a rental to worth purchasing.I did n't look at the latter two , since the Blu-ray version was all that I was interested in . The picture quality is very good , without any artifacts or edge enhancement problems to be found . The Dolby TrueHD audio track is also surprisingly good . Many times , comedies are n't good movies for getting decent sound , but when the movie calls for it , the subwoofer and the surround channels get a chance to perform.The extras are n't bad , but unless you 're in love with Zac Efron and/or you just have to see more of the movie , no matter what , they 're largely forgettable . The BD-Live extras are n't all that much better , except for the fact that this is the first WB title I 've seen to contain a `` My Commentary '' segment , which was recorded by Thomas Lennon , Zac Efron , and Melora Hardin . It 's actually funny to watch them rip on each other and recount the movie as it 's playing.The movie itself is a Zac Efron vehicle . It features him on the cover , it calls him out in the corner of the packaging -LRB- Packed with Zac ! -RRB- , and even the extras highlight the fact that the screenplay was rewritten specifically for Zac Efron to play the lead . We 've seen this kind of movie before , and its themes have been covered much better by those that preceded it , so then it falls onto the performances of the cast to make it better than mediocre . While Efron does n't do a bad job , his supporting cast saves the movie from mediocrity . Thomas Lennon elevates every scene he 's in , and the chemistry between Matthew Perry and Leslie Mann is very good as well.For most people , this might be a rental , but if you 're on the fence , the extras make it worth the purchase . You can read more about this disc on The BigScreen Cinema Guide !
 I admit , High School Musical videos and media overexposure for Zack Efron makes me want to poke my eyes out with a fork . I thought this would be a poser knock off trying to capitalize on Efrons popularity with people too young and simple minded to know any better . I was surprized . This a very entertaining movie . I think the studio made a huge mistake in overbilling Efron . They might as well called it the Zack Efron movei ! That is not to say he did n't do a good job . He did . TV child stars are notorious for being over hamy on the big screen . I think he showed that he is capable of being a legitimate movie actor . The rest of the cast really make this show as well . It is very funny , even a little moving at times . The movie does n't take itself too seriously and yet is not a glorified TV episode from Nickolodian or Disney . Just the right tone !
 This is such a fascinating and funny movie ; what if we could go back in time ? Would we choose differently or would we simply do it all over again?Zac Efron , I thought , was just a pretty boy , who was lucky to be in movies , but , I misjudged the book by its cover , he is such a talented and funny actor . Watch him in `` 17 again '' as a middle aged man who gets to relive his youth and has a chance to rewrite his destiny . A smart and hilarious movie with a great cast of actors .
 loved it loved it . . its not for kids but it is rated pg 13 so definetely well rated and really funny : -RRB-
 I first saw 17 Again on pay-per-view . I am a huge Zac Efron fan . I also enjoy allof his movies . I recently purchased a Hi-Definition tv and blu-ray player . Thepictures and colors are a lot brighter and everything is a lot brighter , .
 Good movie . Ca n't say much more than that other that it was also at a great price .
 Well all that I can say is that the movie was n't too bad and was n't too great . However I did enjoy watching it . Zac is a very good actor and has turned into a very handsome guy . I first watched him in high school musical , when my kids was watching it on the Disney Channel . However I feel that this movie was too adult for my 6 and 8 year old and Zac Efron 's young fans to watch . I am hoping that he can make some other movies that watchable for children under 13 . Other wise this movie was nice .
 This movie is awesome . My daughter and I thought it was absolutely hilarious . Well done , Zac and cast !
 This is a funny movie , and good but you kind of know what is going to happen next , as there has been so many movies like this done , but it is still very much worth watching and buying for your libary of DVD 's
 It 's hard for a movie or tv show to keep my attention and I honestly thought this was going to be some stupid teenager flick because it had Zac Efron in it . I 'm 25 and for some reason I wanted to see it . It 's definitely not for teenagers , I do n't think , as there are a lot of references to sex , but I 'm not a parent so what do I know about what teenagers should be watching ? Anyway , the story line is a modern day back to the future and it 's quite funny . I felt that this movie had a lesson to be learned from it and that 's , `` When you 're young everything feels like it 's the end of the world '' , but also do n't take your life for granted because unlike this movie , you ca n't go back and be 17 again ... corny I know , but that 's what made it enjoyable for me .
 This story is about Mike O'Donnell . As a teen -LRB- played by Zac Efron -RRB- he is the star of the basketball team and has a great girlfriend Scarlett and a goofy sidekick best friend Ned Gold . Then the day of the big game Scarlett tells Mike that she is pregnant with his baby and they get married.Fast forward 20 years and things are n't looking so good for Mike -LRB- played by Mathew Perry . Scarlett wants a divorce and his two kids do n't want anything to do with him . Then he visits his old school and encounters an old janitor who asks him if he would do things different next time . That night it is pouring rain and Mike encounters the janitor again trying to jump off a bridge . Mike goes in after him and goes back to Ned 's place . He is scared when he finds himself looking like he did at 17 , but soon finds out that his children need his help at school and Mike learns some lessons about his older self.All in all a great comedy . Zac Efron and Thomas Lennon -LRB- who plays Ned as an adult -RRB- are both superb .
 I think this was great movie . And great for Zac to get out of being a little Disney Starlet . I think it was great break through and he should definitely be chosen for more movies.All in all I say it was GREAT MOVIE !! OMG loved it ! lol , it was different seeing Zac outta character , but thats what it made it funny . Its not meant for kids bottom line -- it 's a teen and up movie . But even in that case its the parents who should be in control of their kids viewing . But it was great made me think about the 80s and revisit how much high school sucked , but it also gave out some good aspects to let teens know that high school maybe your everything then but when you grow up you definitely have to have an alternate plan . Life is SOO MUCH bigger than high school and seeing that in this movie was just awesome !! bottom line ... you got teenagers , buy it ^_^
 Fantastic movie ! Zac Efron is force to be reckoned with ! He 's the next Leonardo DiCaprio !
 This was a pretty good film for the most part , and it actually was a lot better than what I was expecting . The age regression theme is definitely something that has been done a lot over time , and figured this film really would not be anything really special . However , I was pleasantly surprised , and the film was a good one . I really was impressed by Efron 's performance as he interacted very well with his co-stars , and I also agree with the earlier review that Efron did an excellent job playing a displaced middle-aged guy in a modern teenager 's body . The chemistry between the Matthew Perry/Zac Efron character and his Star Wars loving friend , who was played by Thomas Lennon , was hilarious , and the interaction between Efron and that character really made the film great and created most of the funny moments . I also loved the subplot of how the Thomas Lennon character was trying to woo the principal of the school and his various failed attempts at first . It definitely was a shocker when the principal turned out to be a female version of the Thomas Lennon character ! This film really does make one think what any of us would do if we had the chance to take a Mulligan and redo portions of our life with high school often being one of the most important parts . While I thought the plot at times was kind of stretched the good acting on the part of Efron and and Thomas Lennon along with the lady who played the principal was made this worth seeing.My issues with the film are the following :1 -RRB- I would have done more background on Matthew Perry/Zac Efron character post high school so that the viewers could understand why his marriage did not work and why his kids did not care for him . It appears that the character was quite popular and hip in high school but ended up becoming quite a square by middle age . It would have been good if there was more time devoted to showing how the older character -LRB- Matthew Perry -RRB- was out of touch while also showing him as really liking his family . The thing that kind of confused me about the main character is that he was so clueless about how his kids were really like , and it would have been good if there was some way to better show the disjoint between what he thought was true and what reality is . I would have definitely added another scene or two between the Matthew Perry character and the kids to better understand why the kids did not care for him .2 -RRB- I would have definitely toned down the daughter character as she was really over the top in terms of her promiscuity . I would have made the daughter more of a character being concerned about being popular and fitting in rather than the school tramp .3 -RRB- I also agree with the earlier review that the mother character really did not interact much with the kids , and it would have been good if there was something more done there .4 -RRB- The spiritual guide/janitor who apparently granted the Matthew Perry character 's wish to return to his high school days really should have been given a bit more background and interacted with the characters . Granted , this character is a minor one , but it still would have been nice if he was an actual guide during the film rather than simply an omniscient observer who appeared two or three times over the course of the whole film .5 -RRB- While it was funny watching Efron acting like a middle-aged guy I think there were times the children and wife characters were creeped out by him . I think it would have been better if the Efron character was more like a teenager and acted the part while talking like a middle aged with his friend kind of like how the Scott Bakula character was like during show `` Quantum Leap '' with his being the person in question during his `` leap '' while talking normally with his friend when alone . I would have even added more flesh to the spiritual guide character with his being the person following Efron around and talking to him during the moments when he needed to be an adult . Basically , I think it would have been better if the son and daughter characters became Efron 's actual friends as opposed to being creeped out by him during parts of the film .6 -RRB- As for the film 's conclusion , it would have been nice if the main character 's family instead of just the wife knew that Zac Efron was actually Matthew Perry . I think it would have been really funny to see the kids ' reaction to finding out that they were actually with their father the whole time kind of like Sally Field 's reaction in the film `` Mrs. Doubtfire '' when she figured out her `` nanny '' was actually her ex-husband played by Robin Williams.In short , this was a very good film , and I would not have taken the time to write this if I did not think it was worthy of commentary . This film is entertaining and is fun , and the acting by Efron and Lennon as well as the cameo appearance by Matthew Perry all were done well . Hopefully , if this film is ever remade , then some plot gaps can be filled in to make an otherwise good film even better .
 I luv this movie . :-RRB- I was really looking for something to get me outta a funk on one particular afternoon and this movie was playing on cable so I figured `` what the heck . '' And misson accomplished . 17 Again is funny , its sweet , its emotional and its entertaining . Everyone in the film is great but I have to give props to Leslie Mann , Thomas Lennon and of course Zac Efron -LRB- these two are a hoot together -RRB- . Mr.Efron continues to surprise me with his versatility and I luv that ! I 've watched him grow up on the small screen and big and he 's wonderful and even getting better on the eyes . ;--RRB- This movie is a joy no matter how old you are . I luv it . I now own it . And I watch it all the time .
 Great , funny movie . Zac Efron did a great job with a more `` adult '' role . -LRB- and he still dances great : -RRB- Do n't overthink the movie , just sit back and enjoy it . I laughed out loud many times . Thomas Lennon did a super job as Ned . Hilarious!The nuances and subtleties were amazing if you pay attention to all of the looks and gestures of what is `` not '' being said . Zac playing an adult in a teenager 's body.The movie surprised me and was much better than I expected . You have to watch it more than once to pick up on all the 1989 / present comparisons and flashbacks .
 If you are checking reviews on this movie you are not expecting a completely fresh time travel movie ... you know the basic idea.Now for the nitty-gritty . For once the supporting male friend -LRB- Thomas Lennon -RRB- is fun and quirky instead of crass and crude . Win.The storyline is sweet . At age 17 Mike -LRB- Perry/Efron -RRB- gives up his dreams to do the right thing . While college scouts wait in the bleachers to be dazzled by his basketball genius , his girlfriend paces on the sidelines . Mike makes her tell him what was wrong , she does and Mike walks off the court , out of his dreams and into reality . Unfortunately , what he gave up consumes him . In a Wonderful Life / 13 Going on 30 chance to revisit age 17 , Mike faces high school with his own kids and having to rebuild his popularity the hard way . He develops caring relationships with his teens and rediscovers his wife on a whole new level . Win.Sex and partying among teens happens . Refreshingly , other than a few off-color remarks -LRB- including Mike 's job as a drug representative for a Viagra-type product , most is off-screen and low key . When the teen Mike sits through sex-ed he shares his conservative views on sex while the teacher passes out condoms , even suggesting that it needs to be between people who love each other and it 's about things like being mature enough to recognize the value of children and real love and commitment . Win.Overall , this is a sweet movie with a big heart . Not earth-shatteringly brilliant , but rich .
 It 's 1989 , and for 17-year-old high school star Mike O'Donnell the future looks brilliant . High school as his personal Camelot and flaunting exceptional skills at hoops , Mike is about to put on a show on the basketball court , for his fans and for that all-important college scout on the bench . But here 's his gorgeous girlfriend and she 's just given him a shocking reality check . And , just like that , there go the fame and fortune , Mike 's future now narrowed down to one simple choice . Mike chooses to do the right thing , marries his girl who is expecting.It 's 2009 now and we find Mike O'Donnell a discontented , out-of-shape loser of a family man . Two decades he 's been married to his high school sweetheart , and the fallout to this are crippling regrets and a perception of potential having been wasted . That is how Mike sees it . Now his wife Scarlett is about to divorce him , and he 's woefully out of touch with his two teenaged kids . The final straw comes when his 16 years of service at the firm is rewarded by his being skipped over for a big promotion -LRB- the extra scoop of shame comes in losing that promotion to a girl who was hired only two months ago -RRB- . But Mike is about to get a do-over . In one of those messed-up , unconvincing plot devices , Mike plummets into the river and magically sheds twenty years . Seventeen again , Mike has this idea of rebooting his life or maybe fixing his life . He enrolls in his old high school , now being attended by his two troubled , disaffected children . But Mike is unprepared for how drastically high school life has changed . Once the coolest dude in the classroom , Mike O'Donnell finds himself languishing outside the popular loop.I caught 17 AGAIN last night on cable TV . I was n't jonesing to see this flick when it was out in the theater , mostly because I 've seen variations of this fantasy premise before , and seen it done well in movies likeBig -LRB- Extended Edition -RRB- , both versions of FREAKY FRIDAY -LRB- Freaky Friday 2-pack -LRB- 1977 & 2003 Versions -RRB- -RRB- , and even inVice Versa . But , it turns out , 17 AGAIN is a well-constructed family flick , surprisingly watchable and able to bring a freshness to this old tale . Zac Efron steps away from being a featured song & dance puppet in the HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL franchise . Not that he gets edgy or street gritty all of a sudden , but it 's nice to see the kid get off the Disney factory treadmill . Efron is still a teen idol and 17 AGAIN is still very much in that girl heartthrob wheelhouse , but at least it 's a bit different and this time he gets a chance to play with established grown-up actors . Having said that , in the opening scene , Efron treats the movie audience to an `` All the girls drool now '' moment as he goes thru a shirtless workout in the school gym . Zac Efron definitely has got charm and he 's even credible when demonstrating the unhip sensibilities of a dad on the pessimistic side of 30 . And , in those scenes calling for emotional depth , he shows surprising range ; he even sounds sincere as he dispenses parental advice to his `` peers . '' Maybe the kid 's got the chops to last.Matthew Perry happens to be a favorite of mine , and it 's a shame that his film career has n't taken off , post-FRIENDS . He 's not in this movie much ; he plays the adult Mike O'Donnell . But he manages to do that thing he does , which is play characters who are sarcastically witty but uncomfortable in their own skins . The wonderful , lovely Leslie Mann shows up , and she 's predictably wonderful and lovely . Thomas Lennon , as Mike 's peculiar best friend , lends the film an influx of nerd oddity . And for Michelle Trachtenberg , it 's nice to see that there 's life after BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER.It 's not that startling that the narrative beats are contrived . Much of the humor is predictable , making that extra layer of quirk that much more welcome . As mentioned , the quirky element comes in the shape of Mike 's best pal who happens to be one of those differently-wired cats and who should just never be let out in public because he is that socially inept . It 's twisty fun , though , keeping up with his courtship -LRB- or - let 's not talk falsely now - stalking -RRB- of the icy but kinda hot high school principal . Lest all nerds lose hope , realize that even the most aloof of goddesses may wave a freak flag . So cue the seductive dinner conversation , but in Elvish . Later , the sexy principal coyly extends an offer
 Forced to watch this by the grandkid . Expected to be bored out of my mind , of course . I was pleasantly surprised.Mr Efron -LRB- I can see why he fuels teeny fantasies -RRB- actually can act . Has great light comedic timing and carries the drama well . He could go places if his handlers are savvy enough to put him in the right movies . The plot has been done before many times and will no doubt be done again -LRB- since it is a perennial adolescent fantasy -RRB- . Ably supported -LRB- especially Perry -RRB- the movie moves along and is highly entertaining . I would watch it again .
 Zac Efron is going to be around for a long time if he continues with the great performance that he put in this movie !
 I saw this movie on TV one evening quite by chance . It was so good I had toorder more than one to share with the people in this area who are involved withthe prevention of teen pregnancy . The last section of it has the best speechabout why it is better to wait until adulthood to enjoy sex .
 Considering the fact that the premise of this film -LRB- old/young body/soul swapping -RRB- has pretty much been done to death in varying decades , `` 17 Again '' is surprisingly effective at rendering the concept funny once again in 2009 . For a basic plot summary , this film sees an adult Mike O'Donnell -LRB- Matthew Perry -RRB- dissatisfied with his life and pining for the promise of his high school career once again . Well , thanks to a magical school janitor -LRB- one should always watch out for those characters ! -RRB- , he is put back into the body of his former teen self -LRB- Zac Efron -RRB- for a `` do-over '' . The `` catch '' , however , is that he is still in the present day -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , not 1989 . The plot of this movie alone lends itself to all sorts of personal and social sight gags , and this movie mines them to their fullest . Seeing Mike trying to weave his way through current high school hallways and scenarios is made entertaining by director Burr Steers . It never gets boring , but also never goes `` over the top '' , either.What really makes `` 17 Again '' a fun watch , however , is the quality of the acting . Though Perry is okay in his relatively brief role , Efron is solid as `` young Mike '' trying to find his place in today 's world . So many viewers ca n't stand Efron because they view him as a `` pretty boy '' , but in this effort he shows he can act a bit , too . Youngsters Sterling Knight & Michelle Trachtenberg shine in their roles as well . Yet , Thomas Lennon -LRB- of Reno 911 fame -RRB- nearly steals the show as the goofy nerd sidekick , providing some of the funniest moments of the entire experience.Overall , `` 17 Again '' is a charming little film that can be enjoyed by tweens on up . A few of the jokes and physical humor is a bit `` risque '' , but for the most part it is relatively tame -LRB- at least compared to other comedies of the same nature -RRB- .
 This movie is cute and gives you an idea of &#34; how things might have been &#34; . Good family show , especially anyone who is a baby boomer !
 I probably never would have looked at this movie had I not stumbled across it on cable . It is actually very entertaining , even though it follows a very formulaic story for time travel movies that send the character back in time . It is something that the movie actually pokes fun at . Matthew Perry pulls off the bitter aging guy who thinks his life peaked in high school very well . Thomas Lennon and Leslie Mann are wonderful as their respective characters . Efron displays some pretty good comedic acting chops as well . While I think many are under the impression that only teenage girls would like this movie , it is actually something that can be entertaining for adults as well .
 Light entertainment for the teenage set . Fairly basic plot and light comedy that can be watched by the whole family . Kids enjoyed it .
 I know a 13 yr old girl that I am going to make very happy for Christmas . I love this movie , and i know she will too !
 HE HAS COME ALONG WAY SINCE HSM . LOVE THE MOVIE VERY TALANTED ACTOR . CANT WAIT 2 C HIM AGAIN . HE IS REALLY TAKING ON BETTER ROLES .
 This movie is very good and fun . I have lost count on how many times I have watched it . It keeps you interested and wanting to see more .
 Really good movie . We all sometimes wonder `` what if '' but miss what 's right in front of us.I write this to warn
 Let 's face it , most of us had unrealistic dreams , ambitions and goals for ourselves when we graduated from high school . Life has a way of throwing us a big curve ball the sets us on a totally unexpected course . When things do n't click the way we invisioned them , we tend to see only the negative aspects of where that path took us . To get a better perspective on things , it would help to get one last chance at being 17 again to see if our ambitions were realistic , for one thing , and also to see if those ambitions would have made us happy anyway . What a wild and fun trip that would be . That 's exactly what this film delivers . As I ponder my own failures in life sliding into middle age , I find myself watching this movie as motivation to look around at all the many blessings in my life and I 'm energized to keep living and loving it . It also does n't hurt that the film captures Zac Efron at his most beautiful just before he started thickening for more manly roles . We will never see this hearthrob in all his skinny jeans and shaggy hair glory again . And whoever thought Efron could hold up his end of the bargain when paired with the comic timing genius of a Mathew Perry , but astonishingly he does . Perry and the 2nds in the cast do just as good of a job spreading the comic fairy dust to make this all believable . In fact , thanks to the cast and deft storytelling , this flim soars and I fell in love with it just as I did another high school time travel tale - Back To The Future . As the DVD has a few extra minutes of trimmings that you do n't see in the cable tv version and the fact that it 's such a pleasure to view it without commercial interruption , this one is a must have .
 I have really enjoyed watching this movie . I recommend it to adults that want a good laugh . Zac Efron is a very good actor .
 alright , I LOVED the movie . zac efron was great for the role , funny and cute . but ... as much as i love matthew perry -LRB- i really do , loved `` friends '' -RRB- there is no way on earth that zac efron could be matthew perry if you age him to 30 . for one , since they are such big stars , they are gon na be associated with who they used to play -LRB- HSM and `` friends '' -RRB- and neither zac efron or matthew perry are even close to being the same personality ; in the movie , and in general . just being funny doesnt cut it . i dont think zacs character could grow up to be the grumpy guy matthew perry plays . but , ignoring that , i loved the movie and was planning on buying the version that came with the bonus features -LRB- assuming when i came to amazon there would be a two disc set -RRB- only to find , NO BONUS FEATURES ! thats kind of what i look forward to the most . seeing the real actors talking about the movie and outtakes of comedies and all that good stuff . but no , nothing . and from what i hear , they are only on blu-ray ! so , as much as i loved the movie , i just dont think i could justify buying it -LRB- even used -RRB- if there are no bonus features . im that wierd . if i were wanting to see this movie for the first time , its worth buying , but buy it used . that way its only about double what renting it would cost , but you 'd own it . its too bad i already rented it . bah humbug .
 Length :
 I got my item on time and in great condition ! I had no problems and would definitely purchase from them again !
 The storyline was very well done and enjoyable . I was pleasantly surprised at this movie . Keep an open mind and you will enjoy the movie .
 Funny reminds me of several others with the exception of this being placed in current times .
 This is a cool movie with no `` sing alongs '' like High School Musical . Its fun and enjoyable .
 Sometimes in life you feel like you want to go back in time , just like in this movie . Zac Efron , and the rest of the people who were in this movie did great . I think it would be nice to go back in the past , and just go back to all the good memories I 've had . I think you 'll like this movie if you like 13 Going on 30 . I like how Mike goes back in the past to get his kids on the right path , everybody in life needs that sometimes . He went back in the past to change himself for the better . It 's awesome that Scarlett , and Mike get back together in the end .
 Was n't sure what to expect , a simple comedy or what ? But it proved to be surprisingly watchable and fun even though the script did n't go the way I thought it would . I thought it 'd be the trials and tribulations of him going through high school again and the faux pas of a 40 something acting 17 again , but that was n't it at all.The movie was kept alive by an uncomplicated and straight flowing story -LRB- a compliment -RRB- and the highjinks of the supporting cast . Ned and the high school principal were the stars of an amusing subplot that I kept looking forward to . There were no slow parts in the movie and one scene segued to the next one seamlessly . The entire cast did a good job.I 've not seen High School Musical but Zac Efron carried the movie effortlessly on his shoulders and he was pleasant to watch throughout . I would summarize this movie as highly entertaining to watch with a feel good ending . It was a great movie to relax to on a relaxing afternoon .
 17 Again is probably the best family film you can possibly ask for . The swear words are usually mild so kids , teens and adults can enjoy it as a family.I was laughing several times throughout the movie . Of course the storyline is completely fictional because it 's impossible for one person to actually turn back time and be 17 years old all over again , but for storyline reasons , it 's a good one.The storyline flows flawlessly , so there 's never any confusion over what 's going on.The story is about a married man on the verge of a divorce who reflects back to his teenage years and when he was a star player on his high school basketball team.He believes he regrets getting his high school sweetheart pregnant , and believes he should have aimed for that basketball scholarship instead.While he reflects back to his teenage years , an old man appears -LRB- dressed as a janitor , but secretly holds the key to the fountain of youth -RRB- . Eventually the man actually transforms back to his teenage years , and this is when the story picks up BIG time.As a 17-year old teenager , he actually goes back to high school where he sees his son being picked on by bullies , and his daughter having creepy losers for boyfriends . When he steps in and tries to defend his son and daughter against the bullies and losers , well , his son and daughter do n't realize their classmate is actually their father , and that 's what makes the film so hilarious.An even bigger part of the storyline is how he tries hitting on his wife as a 17-year old teen . The wife of course , thinks there 's a startling resemblance between the teen and her ex-husband , but for most of the film , she does n't think there 's anything more to it than just that - an amazing coincidence.Anyway , I laughed several times while watching this movie , and I recommend it to just about anybody who enjoys solid comedy and great storytelling .
 I really had no desire to see this at the theatre but when I finally saw it I LOVED THIS MOVIE ! It was well done and have funny parts !
 My daughter asked for this movie for x-mas . I 'm glad we bought it for her . It 's a GREAT Movie !!
 I gave 17 Again and chance not knowing what to expect and I will tell you I was soo suprised !!! This is a great movie ! Thomas Lennon -LRB- Sgt Dangle , Reno 911 -RRB- puts on a great comedic performance . You will enjoy this movie .
 Excellent story and acting . Even though the story is a stretch , it mixes serious undertones with very good comedy . The movie provides the spirit with a genuine lift .
 I thought this was a really fun movie . It was funny , sweet and heartwarming , all at the same time .
 My wife forced me to watch this movie with some friends . I actually enjoyed watching the movie . Honestly Ned made this movie for me , he was hilarious . We rented this movie and the next day ended up buying it .
 I really enjoyed this movie ! It was hilarious , cute , and even inspiring . Perfect for those who love romantic comedies ... and Zac Efron . ; -RRB-
 I have wanted this movie for my own once I saw it run on TV . This one of my favorites now . LOVE IT !!!
 While the switching bodies film has been done before , I found this to be a nice addition to that genre . Zac Efron is hilarious and when paired with Thomas Lennon , they make a great comic duo . Also , there are several scenes in which Zac shows what a good actor he is . There is an especially touching scene in a courthouse in which Zac has to show his vulnerability , and he does this extremely well . Overall , very enjoyable and watchable . If you are a Zac Efron fan , you 'll love it . If you are n't a fan , you 'll become one after watching this film . I know the critics were not overly enthusiastic about this movie , but I think male heterosexual critics have a hard time praising anything Zac Efron does . It may have something to do with his looks or his fan base of teenage girls ; as if someone that teenage girls like could n't possibly have any acting skills . The same critics loved Ryan Gosling in Drive , in which Mr. Gosling , although in general a very good actor , pretty much has one look the entire film . His acting style in this film consisted of him staring very intently and delivering his lines . He 's practically a zombie throughout the film and these critics could n't fall over themselves fast enough in praising his performance and the film , which was an excuse to show egregious violence and to show in great grisly detail how to kill people in many different ways .
 my new favorite movie =-RRB- watched it with my husband and he liked it too and he is very picky ! it was very funny and just a feel good movie .
 This movie is AMAZING ! I love it and it is one of my favorites ! It is SOO funny !!! You should definitely buy it ! ; -RSB-
 Not the best ever , but really funny . I wo n't put any spoilers here . It is a great romantic-ish comedy , although probably not for people under 18 . My husband and I have watched it numerous times , highly enjoyed it -LRB- we 've owned it about 3/4 years and I 'm just now getting around to reviewing it -RRB- . There are , obviously , sexual scenes and some language . The plot overall is pretty funny and the actors did a really good job . Good date night movie for after the kids are in bed .
 Funny enjoyable film and much better than I expected . Zac Efron carries the film on his not so fragile shoulders . He displays great comic timing and emotional depth that is absent in most actors his age . He 's also got an incredibly talented cast who dance right there with him . Specifically kudos to Leslie Mann who plays the woman his older self is pining to get back with , basically his wife , but she does n't know that when her soon to be ex-husband wakes up one day and is `` 17 Again '' . He gets a shot to correct his past mistakes with her and his kids . Thomas Lenn plays his longtime buddy Ned who has his own subplot going on as he attempts to woo -LSB- Zac 's -RSB- High School Principal played hilariously by Melora Hardin . Also you may not recognize him in this but Hunter Parrish of `` Weeds '' and `` It 's Complicated '' has a small part as the High School bully . Films like this have been done repeatedly before , but this cast of talents and witty script brings fresh light and warmth to the idea .
 This movie was a sleeper . And it was Funny . It was just a little different from Big with the selfish guy fixing his kids lives and not his own .
 I love this movie . The casting is excellent , the writing funny and believable , and the directing good . Pretty clean , too , which I appreciate . I have watched specific scenes many times over , and have come to admire the acting talents of Mr. Efron , Mr. Lennon , Mr. Perry , and all the others - an interesting consideration
 My kids love Max & Ruby . This was perfect because I have access to season 4 , via my Amazon library , without the clutter of dvd 's . Good purchase , recommend to all Max & Ruby fans .
 Purchased this show for my grandchildren to watch - they love being able to choose the episode and watch Max & Ruby whenever they want .
 I purchased this item for my 4 year old grandson . He loves Max and Ruby ! My grandson has enjoyed watching this over and over on my Kindle Fire .
 My son has loved Max and Ruby since he was under a year old . It is good to be able to have an online episode for when we can not find them on the television .
 Our 3 year old loves it - we can tolerate it ! Plots similar but entertaining . Max is mischievous ; Ruby is a little controlling - makes for an amusing 20 minutes !
 We were thrilled to see Max and Ruby offered on amazon VOD ! My 2 year-old and 5 year-old sons love it and I think it is just so sweet . Ruby is such a thoughtful and helpful big sister and my sons love Max since he is playful and a bit mischievous . Ruby goes about her day organizing little activities and Max is always close behind . Simple and sweet . It is not fast paced or overly silly like some shows . We used to get them at the library and now we have a whole season we can watch anytime !
 Bought this with a promotion credit for my kids 2 and 3 who love Max and Ruby . This is a set of newer episodes we do not own on DVD . The kids love these new episodes.Roger is in the first Episode where Ruby is learning to play baseball with her friends . Roger explains how the game is played . I do n't recall him ever saying more than OK or Go Ruby in the soccer episode.Second episode is Ruby and Louise doing ballet its cute and max of course helps out at the end like always.Third episode is Rubys handstand where Louise and Ruby work for a new gymnastics bunny scout badge.I like that max and ruby are a little more playful with each other in the newer episodes and they are a little funnier especially the baseball episode as the other bunnies have a bit more personality than the older ones.Side note nothing to be scare of in this one . No Ghost Bunny , Dragon mask , Dragon shirt or Vampire Halloween stuff .
 This is a great season of Max & Ruby to buy . My preschooler just loves Max & Ruby . I like it as well ; for it 's educational value , and the whimsical brother and sister duo . I also like that it 's not a loud , in-your-face program like so many others on the air . If your preschooler likes Caillou , Little Bear , or Franklin , then they are sure to enjoy watching Max & Ruby .
 Max & Ruby is a fascinating cartoon for both children and adults . I just love the way that Max & Ruby interact with each other like real children
 Granddaughter loves Max and Ruby ! She has been a big fan and continues to watch this every day . We purchased mostly for our kindle & iphone so it has been a great buy !
 i have 3 grandaughters and they love to play on my kindle so i always add games and books for them
 My little munchins -LRB- 2 and 6 years old -RRB- love this series and their eyes are often glued to TV . As a parent , the series provides quality programming that does n't teach you bad behavior like certain cartoons -LRB- which shall remain nameless -RRB- . The show centers on two sibling characters , rabbits , who , despite appearing `` non adolescent , '' do n't need parental supervision . Ruby 's the older sibling . She tries to keep the devious Max in check . Most of the episodes highlight their daily interactions with Max 's warnings/ideas are ignored until the end when Ruby has an epiphany and finally `` gets it . '' Of course , the episode ends zooming in toward Max 's face with a smirk .
 This is normal Max and Ruby , always interesting to my kids , although I wonder at the conspicuous absence of parents . That is the usual for this show though . : -RRB-
 but I ca n't stand it ! It was interesting for the first couple episodes , but quickly becomes very annoying . Unfortunately I am wrapped around my little girls finger so I watch it .
 I loved the Morris the Bunny stories as a child . My two boys , ages 5 and 2 , started watching this show after I read them &#34; Morris and the Disappearing Bag &#34; - when they saw the bunnies scroll across our Amazon prime screen , they wanted to watch it . There are three mini-episodes per show , they are perfect for giving me that half hour to clean up or cook . I love that the show incorporates learning in a sneaky way
 I got tired of having to hear the same episodes of max and ruby from our insight on-demand . I bought all the seasons for my son and he loves it . He can watch it on his tablet too . The tv is finally free of max and ruby !!
 They 're cute , Max is always up to something , there are many pertinent lessons learned and though it 's weird that the parents are never in the picture -LRB- were they captured by a farmer ??? -RRB- , Grandma appears periodically to give praise and wise words . My son is 5 and still loves this series . No guns , no Lego figures bonking each other , harmless , instructive shows .
 Great stories , I wish I had as much patience with my daughter as Ruby has with Max ! We have great conversations about the story lines and life lessons contained and I frequently think of how Ruby is so patient when I find myself getting aggrivated , so maybe this is as good for me as my daughter!Just wonder where the parents are , I really do n't think a 7 year old is head of the house material !
 My son thinks Max is hilarious , probably because Max is so much like him . I like the show because it 's low key and does n't leave my boy bouncing off the walls . It 's enjoyable for both of us , and unlike a lot of kid 's shows out there today , does n't rely on over the top graphics and sound to make it entertaining . I will definitely be purchasing more seasons !
 It is indeed an independent film , a Sci-Fi nonetheless and just because of that , it makes it a rarity in itself . Having said that , I believe it 's an understood that it should get credit for having the guts to be that . The story is different and original and , even though it tried to simplify quantum physics for us mere unscientific mortals -LRB- aka audience -RRB- , there 's still a storyline that can be followed if the scientific part fails the audience . Some of the performances could have been better , but overall it was a movie I enjoyed . I 'm glad it made it all the way from England to the U.S. and did n't just stay underground roaming some selected festivals . That reminds me , I found out it won best Sci-Fi at the Phoenix Film Festival in Arizona . Check it out !
 This film is extremely RARE !!! Never before on DVD !!! -LRB- this is the first time -RRB- . It 's a low-budgeted film , but , the lovely Jayne Mansfield , makes up for that . The film tells a very witty story , about two stage performers making the motion picture d&eacute;but . IF YOU ARE A '' `` JAYNE MANSFIELD '' '' FAN I HEAVILY SUGGEST YOU BUY THIS FILM WHILE IT 'S STILL AVAIABLE !!!!
 I ca n't believe they do n't have this in DVD ! What a bummer.People who appreciate humor from the likes of Monty Python and Mel Brooks -- particularly the darker , wicked humor -- will like this movie . A surreal yet perfect mix of ancient mythology and modern satire , it 's one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen . The kind of classic one wants to keep because it 'll be just as hilarious 20 years from now as it is now -LRB- despite the advance of technology -RRB- . The actors are all such character actors that it 's one of those movies you can watch repeatedly and it just gets funnier every time you see it .
 I agree with most of what the others have said . In addition , this is a well-made film with a beautiful look to it . There 's a real sense of wonder and lust for life conveyed by this movie . I ca n't believe this is n't on DVD . I read a review by Leonard Maltin which really shot ` Erik the Viking ' down . What a clueless @ # $ & % ! I really think that anyone who likes Monty Python skits and Holy Grail would enjoy it . Also , if you like the lush fantasy aesthetic of films like Baron Munchausen , you got ta see it . For my money , it beats out ` Brazil ' . I ca n't say enough about this movie , especially when you see all the dreck that is available on DVD.Forgot to mention-it 's funny as hell !
 First . . I totally love this movie . Have for quite a long time . . and have been waiting patiently for it to be released on DVD ... . only to discover that upon the release date Feb 21 , 2006 ... . that Amazon has it listed as ` usually ships in 4-6 WEEKS ? ` Is that a misprint ?
 I originally bought this as a VHS . It quickly became on of my favorites . I do n't even own a VHS player anymore since I have been exposed to the quality of DVD . In a long and expensive process I have replaced most of my VHS with DVD . This is a great movie that remains outside of my possible grasp . And I want to know why ?
 Imagine a traditional Viking saga told with Monty Python style comedy sketches interspersed with the action and you 'll have a pretty good idea of what `` Erik the Viking '' is all about . I saw `` Erik the Viking '' for the first time when I was a child and it was a New Release video . At that time , I did n't enjoy the more serious aspects of the plot and I found the comedic scenes to be too few and far between . Since then , I 've seen this film three more times -LRB- most recently , earlier this week -RRB- and my opinion of it has improved greatly.As an adult , I am now interested in the serious Viking saga parts of the story
 This is one of the best comedies of all time . It is not in any way , shape or form historically accurate , but captures the illogic of mythology and the concept of heroic violence .
 I 'm surprised the ERIK THE VIKING is not on DVD ! It is one of my favorite shows ... I think my family were the only 3 people who went to the theatres to see it . Terry Jones has a great sense of humor and sometimes I think he is the most overlooked of the Python gang !! This and YELLOWBEARD should be on dvd.Terry Jones ' story is witty and incorporates his own brand of humor in observation of Mankind . The characters in this movie are fun , as are the actors who portray them . If you are a fan of Monty Python and enjoy their kind of humor and subtle observations of the ways people , and want a visit to the halls of Asgaard , you would probably enjoy this movie , too . It 's really cool when Erik and his men are in the spell of the Horn Resounding and are fighting , and then they go off the edge of the world . At the theatre it was great when the silence of a snow-filled evening falls over the film as our heroes swirl in a great ship over the Rainbow Bridge into a frosty landscape ... do the Gods call an End to the Age of Ragnarok as Erik requests ? Of course they do , this is a happy film ! it 's a fun journey .
 I picked this up not realizing it was 25 minutes shorter than the film I loved . I was just so excited to see that it was available on DVD in the US finally I bought it without paying attention . As I was putting into the DVD player my wife asked me why it was titled Director 's Son 's Cut .25 minutes gone ? I was expecting the worst.Turns out , the new cut makes it a better film . The pacing is greatly improved . IT 's not like entire scenes were removed . Individual seconds have been snipped here and there . When someone makes a witty comment , the comeback is much quicker . The fight scenes are faster and more chaotic . The movie is much brisker . Some of the clunkier jokes that fell flat are gone.Here 's some examples
 Just like all the other fans of this movie , I have been waiting and eternity for this to come out . I have watched every cheesy 80 's sitcom get a release date and yet one of the greatest movies of all time got nothing . Just false hopes and empty promises about a release date . The wait is over ! Not only is this movie down right hilarious , but it is probably one of the best viking movies made , grant it , only one of the few ever made . Buy this if you appreciate brilliance .
 And you call yourselves fans of Thorfin ... get on GOOGLE !!! Even Loki can find this one ... www.amazon.co.ukSmegly -LRB- just over 13 -RRB-
 -LRB- This review is based on the original version of this movie - I 'd wait for it to come out on DVD -RRB- I am so excited that this is finally coming out . I 've been looking forward to seeing this again . Overall the movie is a big joke , but there are some seriously funny scenes in this movie that made it a classic for my friends and me.How deep is the ocean ? Really deep usually . Deep this movie is not , but if you like english humor then look no further for the silliest adventure this side of Valhalla.Erik
 I have been waiting for a long time for this movie too . But it freaks me out that on the web page they do n't list any of the actors in it . The cover shows Tim Robbins , Mickey Rooney , and John Cleese , but they mention the actors as Jim Broadbent and Gary Cady . What 's up with that . And why not mention Eartha Kitt too?Anyway , it is a great movie . Highly recommended .
 I may only have bein a few years old when this came out but I 'm still a huge fan of this ... well I dont really know a word for this . But alas this has got to be one of the greatest Cheesy 80 's flicks of all time . Monty python is good stuff but this is a great challenge to even the best they had . Oh one last thing tum tum ti tum tum yeah !
 I ca n't believe this is finally out on dvd version 1 !!! yeah ! I have been waiting so long for this . What a fantastically silly movie with a great cast . Please get this if you are a Monty Python fan , well worth it!I like the song that goes tum tum tum ti tum tum.yeah ! I say to you a second time .
 I remember watching this film a dozen times or so years ago on VHS . But after I made the switch to dvd , it was nowhere to be found . I looked for it for a while and eventually gave up . It had been a long time till I recently heard about the new cut edition coming out . Then I saw the bad reviews from the fans about the 25 min . being cut off and how they hated it . They 're still posting similar reviews today . I decided to buy it anyway and after watching it I can say I 'm not bothered at all . I do understand what the hardcore fans are talking about . They know it so well and love it so much that they do n't want anything altered so they can watch it the way they know it . I get that . Terry Jones should 've considered including both versions as that would n't have hurt anyone . But I did n't remember it as well . Only the key moments , not the filler parts that the diehards love so much . But I had fun watching it again and that 's all that matters to me . Besides , I 'm half Norwegian and it 's hard to find good Viking films , so I 'm not gon na be too picky.It 's good though that theres an extra on the disc where Terry and his son explain the thinking behind the new cut and he seems to approve of it . To me , it came across as though Terry was just giving his son a job . He 's obviously in the business and this was some work for him to do . At least that 's how I took it . Terry explains that his son did things that he never would 've thought of doing , so it really is his son 's vision . I also like that they explain how some of the scenes were re-ordered and the thinking behind those decisions . At least he came out and adressed it . But it seems like Terry was fine with handing it over to his son to do with it what he wanted . And in the end , this movie is his baby and he can do with it as he likes . Maybe Terry would 've reconsidered if he knew how the diehard fans of the film would react to the new cut . Who knows?Otherwise , I thought the transfer looked very clean , brighter and more colorful than I remembered . I have to believe that it 's much superior over it 's vhs counterpart . The audio was loud and clear with the dialog , sound effects , and music evenly balanced . No complaints over the new transfer.In closing , if you have to have this movie but can only accept it the way it was then you 'll probably be disappointed . If you 've never seen it before then feel free to give it a look as you wo n't know what 's missing anyway . It 's still a very funny film . For those interested in Terry Jones ' work or anyone looking for a Python style comedy , check it out .
 I bought the UK version with both the original British theatrical release and the director 's son 's cut . I just watched the British theatrical release version -LRB- approx . 90 mins -RRB- . First , the film . Not having seen this in the theatre in its day , and having just seen it for the first time , my impression is that this is not the best film in the Monty Python catalogue . In fact , the first good third of this film is almost hard to get through , read ` boring ' . This is partly due to the fact it is filmed in a dark-skyed winter landscape and also the fact that the original British theatrical version does n't come with English subtitles . So , while these scenes are rather dark and untidy to begin with , you also have the problem of contending with rather strong British accents which are often drowned out by very loud sound effects - swordplay , crashing doors , general mayhem etc. - and no subtitles ! I found it hard to follow the dialogue and sorely missed having captions.Things do get interesting -LRB- and bright ! -RRB- finally when they reach the island where no drop of blood may be spilt . From thereon the movie is easy and enjoyable to watch . Since I have n't seen the director 's son 's edition , I can not compare , and nor do I know which parts have been cut - but I think the first third of the film DOES suffer from pacing problems . And I 'll be interested to see how the edited version came out.Since I 'd reserve 5-star ratings for Python films such Baron Munchausen , Time Bandits , Brazil , and all the classics , I have to say that Erik the Viking , while decent and with many fun and imaginative moments , on the whole does not reach the heights of the Python catalogue 's best . If possible , rent before buying - I 'm not sure I could sit through this one again . I am curious to check out the Director 's Son 's Cut which includes subtitles -LRB- hallelujah ! -RRB- .
 Erik encounters a woman that makes him think -LRB- Samantha Bond -RRB- . He confronts his grand father with the age old question of why young men have to fight . Erik , `` I met this woman , she got me to thinking . '' Grandfather `` What did you do ? '' Erik , `` I killed her . `` From this and other conversations Erik finds he must go on a quest to end The Age of Ragnorok . In the process they must do a parody of many old movies such as `` The Vikings '' -LRB- Kirk Douglas , Tony Curtis -RRB- , `` Felinni - Satyricon . '' , and many Viking myths . Will he complete the quest and also confront the girl of his dreams -LRB- Samantha Bond -RRB- or will he fail , and sword makers everywhere will have job security?Everyone does an excellent job of acting . Moreover , if you liked Samantha Bond , she is in many other English classics as Agatha Christie 's `` Murder is Announced '' and `` Rumpole of the Bailey `` The Vikings
 This dvd is more like slapstick comedy adventure . I bought this dvd as a present for my husband because he just loves this movie . He enjoys it very much and to hear him laugh so hard is great . This movie is more a guy type comedy movie . If you 're looking for something for your husband , then this movie will be great but if you 're a woman and want to watch comedy adventure then you will enjoy it too but not as much as your husband .
 Hey folks , a used VHS video from your shelf is not a collectible item worth over $ 25 bucks . I can get the video from Amazon for 8 bucks . Why is your used version worth over 20 dollars more than an ex-rental that 's going for 3 bucks ? Just because it came from your house instead of the rental store ? Did you never watch it ? I 'm stumped on this one . Usually amazon marketplace prices make some kind of sense , but Viking berserker madness is definitely reigning on this page . Unless Tim Robbins signed your copy , I do n't think it 's a collectible , sorry . Good luck ! I 'm sure someone will buy your over-priced USED copy but it 's not going to be me .
 This movie is one of the older comedies that everyone should have in their collection !
 great story originally written by the director for his son . Now some 15 years later , the son has grown up to help his father RE-MIX the movie to it 's intended form.Great actors and settings . This is a movie for ALL AGES .
 `` Monty Python meets romantic comedy '' might not be a trust-inspiring phrase , but this is one of the funniest movies ever . The scene with the Japanese -LRB- ? -RRB- coxswain has me peeing my pants every single time . Tim Robbins is serious eye candy in this film ; I 'd be stalking him if I were n't afraid that Susan Sarandon would kick my ass . I 'd like to join my voice to all those devoted fans begging for a DVD release .
 This movie has so much going on in it , a lot more than it gets credit for . It was made by former Monty Python member Terry Jones , and , like many Python movies , features a fantasy story injected with satire and whimsy.This movie is actually a very deep movie that gives you a lot to think about . Of course , the history is n't accurate -LRB- nor does it try to be , after all it 's a fantasy -RRB- , but the unique spin it gives on mythological concepts is increddibly interesting . Also , this movie uses comedy and adventure to make a case for tolerance and peace . Notice that the characters can not see what they do n't believe in . To the preacher , the Dragon of the North Sea is a myth but at the same time , he is the only one who falls under the spell of Eric 's cloak of invisible . The ultimate message of the movie -LRB- without giving too much away -RRB- is that the power to stop the destruction of the world lies in the hands of man and man alone . It is so refreshing to see interesting and thoughtful ideas put into the context of comedy and not stupid , sentimental drama . This movie is worth ten sappy politics movies and on top of that , it 'll make you laugh yourself stupid.This movie should interest any Python fan , especially the ones with a taste for the fantasy works that Terry Giliam has gone on to make . I highly recommend this picture and find the fact that it has been ignored since its release to be downright criminal . Check it out .
 I have been waiting for the US release of Erik the Viking on DVD . It was scheduled for a February 21 , 2006 release , but now it is listed as unavailable . What happened ? This is a fantastic movie that deserves to see a US release.Release the DVD !
 Looking @ my VHS copy -LRB- the back of the box -RRB- states the running time is 104 minutes . I 've had this VHS copy for about 10 years . I mention the running time since I do n't know where the reviewer -LRB- of the product -RRB- states the original length was 100 minutes . ***** for story and oh how great this film is for laughs.Too bad about the crappy DVD version , thanks for the tipKya
 This has both the original versions and the director 's sons cut -LRB- which I played about ten minutes of out of curiosity and placed back in the case never to be disturbed again -RRB- . I had to re record the DVD using a region encoding remover just so I 'd have a copy of the proper film . It 's terribly sad that I could n't just purchase the original unmolested print on DVD without having to go through all this weird rigamarole .
 This is available via DVD , however because of the MPAA and their evil pseudo-genius -LRB- reverse genius ? -RRB- villiany you would have to get a DVD player that is dedicated to either the UK or German regional encodings to play it . It is available on Amazon.co.uk , and in my humble opionion , is well worth it . This film is absolutely hilagious , and is one of my favorite Tim Robbin 's movies out there . Please Amazon.com . make available a list to have the manufactuerer make this title available on DVD with Region 1 encodings . It worked for Kids in the Hall
 but there it was ... creepy . What can I say ? It quite blew me away . I thought I would die laughing or at least blow my internal organs inside out . There are things in this movie than any poor little freak who 's spent too much time in his formative years attached to the D'Aulaire 's book of Norse myths or rummaging through stores that sell used fine/rare books and there happen to stumble upon `` The Thrall of Leif the Lucky '' or some sagas of the Icelanders or what have you , would understand and cherish . I went to school the day after I saw this thing and asked my chemistry teacher to watch it and also a person in my physical education class and most of my friends . I made my best friend watch it with me . Anyway , I laughed my head off and you will too . So do your very best to find this film and watch it.More : If I could give this movie 10 stars I would . It is on my list of the best five films ever made . Tim Robbins is wonderful . His facial features careen between wacky , maniacal , and just plain confused . Like another reviewer has said
 According to the official Terry Jones website , a two-disc Region 1 `` Director 's Son 's '' cut of the movie , with commentary , is now tentatively scheduled for release in October 2006 . Save your pennies kiddies , and do n't patronize the rip-off artists charging $ 100.00 + for used copies . Good things come to those who wait - Amazon should be taking pre-orders for this item soon . UPDATE -LRB- November 2006 -RRB- - Terry Jones is currently undergoing cancer treatment -LRB- he 's upbeat about his prospects in a message on his website -RRB- , which will probably delay this oft delayed Region 1 DVD release even further . Terry 's health outweighs -LRB- much as a non-witch will outweigh a duck -RRB- our desire to see this DVD released as soon as possible in the States - be patient .
 I have a VHS of this movie and it is absolutely on my Top 10 list . It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . It is the best reason I know for still owning a VHS player . I 've spent a few hours googling and all the DVD 's I can find are PAL , PAL , PAL . I am beyond disappointed that this film is not available in NTSC format , and I sincerely and deeply hope that a time will come when sufficient appreciation for this film is expressed that some savant will relent and fund its release in a USA-friendly dvd format . For me , this film is completely equivalent in importance to the Gauguin painting , `` Who are we ? Where do we come from ? Where are we going ? '' I do n't have enough fingers to count the moral , ethical , mythical , historical and hysterical questions this film explores . Its supremely heartfelt probing of the mythos of Northern Europe is amplified by the equally perceptive -LRB- and if I may so offer , divinely inspired -RRB- understanding of the total hilarity and confusion of Human Nature and Understanding at this point in our collective evolution . If Plato bores you ; if you 've ever found yourself in a company meeting where all the people with glasses are on one side of the table and all those without are on the other side ; if you have ever spent time contemplating a Mystery -- YOU NEED A COPY of Erik The Viking . Please , for the sake of all mankind , let this film be released in NTSC DVD !
 I 'm not sure why but this GREAT movie is discontinued in VHS form and is not available on DVD . That means you must resort to the auction sites and old rental copies to get your hands on it.It 's really a shame . The storytelling , imagination and humor of this tale is worth having . It 's as good as any of the Python flicks . It 's very comparable to Baron Munchausen.If there 's an actual human at Amazon reviewing this , PLEASE see about getting this film reprinted . A DVD may be too much to ask , but we should at least be able to get the VHS .
 I 've been waiting for this movie to come back into print for , like , 10 years , and was SO excited to get my copy in February . A couple of weeks after the release date , when it still had n't arrived , I had to call Amazon to find out what was up . They could n't tell me.Finally , after some internet investigation , I found out that Sony Home Entertainment had simply decided -LRB- at least for now -RRB- not to release the DVD in the States.Why ??? They already had a cover designed and everything!PLEASE , Sony Home Entertainment , we just wan na give you our money ! PLEASE release this DVD . The audience is waiting .
 This movie is wonderfully funny but did n't do to well in the box office -LRB- nor since -RRB- . The plot , brefeily , is about a viking who , during an aborted rape makes a real emotional connection with his potential victim begins to question if all the piliaging and looting is really worthwhile -LRB- he alreday thinks rape is kind of crude and would prefer there to be some mutual effection , but does n't want the other vikings to think he is a geek -RRB- and he sets off on a quest to find the gods and end the age of Ragnorok . Ah , but there is the rub . The gods live in Valhalla -LRB- their heaven -RRB- and the only way to get there is to die in combat . Unfortunatly the understanding of many of the jokes in this movie are vastly enhanced by some knowledge of the Norse mythology that forms their basis jokes , and that knowledge is just not wide spread in the U.S. -LRB- I mean , come on , I live a mile from a Christian school call their sports teams the Vikings , that 's like osama calling his gang the crusaders -RRB- . One of the wonderful things about thigs film are the humerouse intersections of these particular Norse customs/beliefs with very real and timeless human interplay between the charactes that trancends culture , particularly in the way boys behave . One viking taunts another that his grandfather died of old age -LRB- the only way to get to valhallha being to die in battle -RRB- , one tuanting another at his sea-sickness in mock sympathy while actually trying to get him to puke more -LRB- `` alot of the best sailors wher pukers ... all the way out and all the way back , puke puke puke , used to puck in his sleep '' -RRB- , a father pointing out to his son that `` when I was your age I used to go beserk all the time '' and a delightful scean where Eric -LRB- tim robbins -RRB- explains to his father -LRB- I think Micky Roony -RRB- that he has come to question their life style and his father acts like you would expect Jesse Helms to react if he found out a son was gay . Of the sceans of this type , however , probably none is as good as the opening rape scean , where tim robbins fumbling attempts to initiate a rape make it clear he is inexpericned and lead to being mocked and lectured by the victim all while he responds with the embarassment of a young boy chagrined at being discovered to be less cool than he wants the other vikings to believe . This develops into an argument in wich he justifies his actions as being things that are just self evidently the sort of things one should do while she attack the logical foundation of his reasoning . -LRB- while the premise of this scean could be found to be offensive by many it is so over the top funny it is one of my favorite comedy sceans ever -RRB- Among other themes this film touches on -LRB- and I do n't mean to indicate that this film is deep , it is certainly not , but it does address serious issues in a lighthearted way -RRB- are the conflicts between the norse religion and the blooming of christianity , their different world views , racial intolerence -LRB- a fovorite scean being a japanse overseer on a slave ship who whips the men at the oars while mocking everything about them -LRB- in subtitles -RRB- from their lack of subtlety and failure to worship their ancestors , to the fact that cook their fish and have large breasted women , -RRB- the futility of missionaries among those who can think , and what would happen to the arms industry if peace broke out . This movie is filled with delightful details.I do n't mean to go on , but haveing just watched this again I am still smileing to mysef and want to share that you . Read some norse mythology first and you will get even more from this delighful film .
 Very good adult laugh , but not too serius of tastless . long live erik to viking . lots of puns and some slapstick
 This is a rating of the video provided through Amazon 's instant video library , which is 100 + minutes long . Many of the negative reviews here on Amazon are centered around a reissue of the film which cut over 20 minutes from the original theatrical release . The Amazon instant video version does not appear to suffer from this editing.My rating of five out of five stars is for the amount that I enjoyed the film . Not the best film ever made but it was fun to watch . The type of humor in the film is of the existential brand found in Python films like `` Life of Brian '' and `` Meaning of Life '' though this film is lighter than those .
 love Tim Robbins , and glad I saw this to order . it 's one of his funnier , silly movie characters . it always makes me laugh so much . great packaging , delivery date and love that I finally found and have it
 I do n't care what every one else is saying . The director 's cut version is fine as is . I just got done watching it on Netflix and I thought it was great . From what I understand the original was long and drawn out and thats why they cut it down some . In most cases this is for the better and I have to agree on the matter . Since I never seen the original I ca n't say the cut down version is better , but I can say it went along smoothly and I loved it . Although I do agree with the other reviewers that they should have put the original on the disk as well . Get a theatrical and a directors cut would make people happier , because then if they feel like watching a drawn out fantastic movie such as this then by all means go ahead and for those who want a laugh but still want to do other things in the day rather than watch people on a screen then go for it the directors cut . Either way this movie is great and I recommend watching it .
 We enjoyed this one with the kids.The movie nods to Monty Python and Mel Brooks .
 It 's what you have come to expect from the guys from Monty Python . It 's silly , irreverent , and utterly strange . Erik the Viking is a light hearted dark comedy , and even though that sounds odds those of you who have seen Monty Python and the Holy Grail or The Life of Brian will understand . This will never be called a masterpiece of cinematography , acting or special effects . Then again it 's not meant to . The movie does accomplish what it sets out to do.The charm of the movie is all about executing some pretty silly situations . From Vikings flying off the ends of the Earth to Erik fighting a host of enemies thinking he is invisible . The special effect hardly rival that of other Python films made in the 70 's , and this one was made in 1989 . The performances from the Monty Python cast are not their best , however they are entertaining and satisfying . The thing is none of that is really important . Erik the Viking is a good , entertaining story with some thoughtful yet subtle observations on human condition and religion . Even the dark stuff ends up not being such a downer in the end.This DVD is really hard to find , and to make matters worse Sony put together a Director 's Cut , but so far never bothered to release it in the United States . If you have a region free DVD there is a Director 's Son 's Cut available in the U.K. so there is hope . If you do happen to find the rare feature-less U.S. release for any reasonable price I recommend getting it without question since Sony has made no announcements to do any reissues.If you are a Monty Python fan then by all means see Erik the Viking . Those of you who do n't get the whole Python-esque humor wo n't appreciate this either . If you like off the wall sort of humor mixed with some decent Norse mythical stories -LRB- and are not critical of low production budgets -RRB- then this movie should be a nice diversion from reality .
 My brother and I really love this film but when he asked for it for Christmas one year , it was not yet available on dvd in the USA so I purchased this version . He had to watch it on his computer but I think he was happy to have it . Now it 's out in the US and he has another copy but this is great to have for collectors .
 Erik encounters a woman that makes him think -LRB- Samantha Bond -RRB- . He confronts his grand father with the age old question of why young men have to fight . Erik , `` I met this woman , she got me to thinking . '' Grandfather `` What did you do ? '' Erik , `` I killed her . `` From this and other conversations Erik finds he must go on a quest to end The Age of Ragnorok . In the process they must do a parody of many old movies such as `` The Vikings '' -LRB- Kirk Douglas , Tony Curtis -RRB- , `` Felinni - Satyricon . '' , and many Viking myths . Will he complete the quest and also confront the girl of his dreams -LRB- Samantha Bond -RRB- or will he fail , and sword makers everywhere will have job security?Everyone does an excellent job of acting . Moreover , if you liked Samantha Bond , she is in many other English classics as Agatha Christie 's `` Murder is Announced '' and `` Rumpole of the Bailey `` The Vikings
 Great funny movie and I 'm surprised it 's not on the favorite lists .
 This is my favorite movie of all time . I want it on DVD . . Please , please , please , please release it on DVD . I taped it off of cable years ago & have been waiting for it on DVD . Tim Robbins was great & Imogene Stubbs is one of the most beutiful woman ever . I could watch this movie over & over . Have I mentioned that I would love to have it on DVD ...
 This movie came out in 1989 and I have never heard of it until today , and all I can say is WOW ! This movie was hilarious , I 'm going to see about buying a copy and you should do the same !
 Expect some dark comedy . Incredibly funny jab at the ways and thoughts of the vikings . I have watched this movie many , many times . I wish it was on DVD !
 If you have ever seen a movie that depicts vikings -LRB- ie . 13th warrior , etc. -RRB- you will love this movie for the satirical aspects and plot twists . However , if you hav n't , then you will enjoy it solely because it is damn funny :-RRB- . I never knew it existed and now , I ca n't belive that was possible . Enjoy it , cause I do n't think they will keep producing copies of it forever .
 I think of Erik the viking as a rare film . It should n't be , but that 's what it is . The cast includes Tim Robbins , John Cleese , and Mickey Rooney . Needless to say , it 's a great cast . But it goes unnoticed . It 's an interesting story about a viking named Erik who is living in Norway . After an unsuccesful raping , in which Erik gets a thoughtful opinion or two from his rapee , Helga , whom he accidentally kills in an attempt to save her life , he begins to wonder whether or not all this pillaging and raping is all it 's seriously meant to be . He goes on a journey with several other vikings to find the sun and bring it to Norway , which is , at the moment , covered by a grey , cloudy sky . Sadly , it seems that none of the actors who played the vikings have gone on to develop their careers , though several have had some cameos in some darned good movies -LRB- Watch for Tim McInnerny in `` Fairy Tale '' as John Ferret , a very obnoxious journalist -RRB- . So , give poor Terry Jones the credit he deserves and watch this . Being a Harry Potter fan as well as a Python fan , I will give the director the great honor of saying that he is certainly no muggle .
 Wow . I mean wow . How can anyone not watch this ? It 's an amazing film with a great cast and the BEST director/actor of the 20th century who would , of course , be the amazingly multi-talented Terry Jones . The former Python has made a great film and nobody watches it ? What is this world coming to ? The film is about Erik -LRB- Tim Robbins -RRB- , who , after a very strange encounter with a young woman , Helga , -LRB- Samantha Bond -RRB- whom he accidentally kills , starts to really think if raping , ransacking , and pillaging is all it 's really cut out to be . He sets off on a journey to Valhalla to bring the sun , and hopefully the late Helga to Norway . There are also appearances by John Cleese -LRB- Halfdan the Black , the story 's villain -RRB- and the director / writer Terry Jones -LRB- King Arnulf of High Brazil -RRB- there are other , less well-known actors in the show who can , surprisingly enough , be seen in several other films . Anyone can really enjoy this . so watch it now . Report in 0:600 hours !
 Terry Jones , like his Monty Python cohort/nemesis Terry Gilliam , has a twisted sense of humor and serene visual style which blend in a way not often seen in popular cinema . This is evident in Jones ' Erik the Viking , a misunderstood gem starring Tim Robbins -LRB- perhaps the most talented living American actor , rivaled only by Johnny Depp -RRB- as a forward-thinking Viking whose gentle sensibilities conflict with his brutal surroundings . Like most good movies this one must be viewed more than once for its subtleties to emerge , but in the end - accepting or putting aside the decent acting and those few spots of somewhat unsuccessful lowbrow humor - it is a touching tale , a tale of a group of men who desire peace when peace does not exist , in a world ruled by gods who -LRB- &aacute; la Vonnegut 's Sirens of Titan -RRB- simply do n't care whether people on earth are killing each other or not . Overall Erik the Viking works better as a visual poem and a unique illustration of Norse mythology than a comedy ; if you want to laugh out loud , or are expecting the surreal randomness of Monty Python , then try Jones ' masterpiece The Life of Brian .
 This film is a sleeper and is well worth your time and money . Good acting by all . A fun movie .
 LOVE IN THE FIRST DEGREEHere 's a warning
 Hey I like it and that 's all your going to get unless you have to put in more words which is rediculous !
 I must say my wife finds many great movies , old & new , at Amazon . This movie is very interesting . As a retired military man , I enjoy movies like this . Glad for gifts that are movies & not ties ! Thanks for carrying such a variety at reasonable prices.sincerely , RRL
 I have this on VHS and have been waiting YEARS for a DVD version . It is a wonderful movie . The PG-13 rating is for property damage and thievery and some bad guys get killed . The film has NO sex - just one chaste kiss and NO bad language whatsoever.Gish plays a wheelchair bound computer genius , Shaq is a classic good guy -LRB- and polite , to boot -RRB- .
 If you are a fan of Shaq and adventure movies then this is the movie for you . I am very happy that this movie is finally on DVD
 I am a serious Marvel and DC Comic Book Super Hero collector of fine comics , animated series and Movie DVDs . I only collect Marvel and DC -LRB- no cheesy brands and characters -RRB- ! I have every major Movie released by both on DVD . DC just released this one on DVD a while back . It is good to have it on DVD . Go for it and collect it . What a wonderful story . Hey after all it is Shaq !
 I love the ` Steel ' comics and even though this film is n't 100 % faithful , it was still fun . Do n't get me wrong . It 's terrible . But it 's so good-hearted , I found it endearing . It 's like watching one of the ` Ernest ' movies . Show it to your elementary-age children . I 'm sure they 'll like it . For Superman fans , I must say this film is better than ` Superman IV ' and script-wise , even better than ` Supergirl ' though with a much lower budget .
 I have not seen the DVD but I do own the VHS . Transferring my review from there with a few updates and modifications . Still stands.This was a solid movie . Too much garbage comes out today that is `` critically acclaimed . '' With $ 16 million they did a nice job with the sets , filming of action sequences , and special effects to make this movie far more than watchable . A little chessey or even corny at times but VERY entertaining . There are solid moral lessons that are taught here that the youth of today need to see , understand , and embrace.Shaq 's acting , contrary to popular opinion , is pretty good . he 's at least as good as Jordan in `` Space Jam . `` It 's very easy to root for STEEL . A man 's man.Kids , especially young black kids , need to see strong black men take control of their lives and make a positive and lasting impact on their families and their communities . Most of the people who reviewed the VHS movie here on Amazon.com probably just do n't care about that aspect of it . Consider that if and when you review.Buy it or borrow it . It 's nice to own a movie that has has a true Good Guy/HERO who whips the bad guys in the end.Bunk to all the naysayers . See it for yourself .
 This is about working together as a team in spite of obstacles . It lets us know too , that grandma is to be loved , feared and respected
 I really like the movies based on the comic book heros , as a child I read all of them I could get.Shaq gives this character the humanity and the humor very well .
 Shaq makes a good &#34; super &#34; hero , though he does n't actually have any super powers . It 's about a person of humble origins -LRB- his uncle runs a junk yard -RRB- who fashions a sort of armor and helps out those who ca n't help themselves . He has a motorcycle and hides it in the cleverly disguised junk yard.Shaq is n't really much of an actor , but his humanity and largesse shine through . He is so nice you ca n't resist liking him . The story is a little thin and the special effects are not too special , but it is a heartwarming , almost convincing story with a feel good vibe and well worth watching . It has little to upset youngsters . It 's very kid-friendly , but also satisfying for adults.Four stars might be a little high in some people 's views , but this is not a critical masterpiece , just a pleasant romp with a big heart to match it 's big hero .
 i chose this rating cause i love this movie , it has lots of action . the movie came on time . thanks
 Movie was entertaining . Was funny to see Shaq in the role ! Not oscar material but entertaining . I would recommend it if you 're bored .
 been wating forever for this movie to come out . This movie is what made me want to become a movie director .
 Was Glad That This Item Ended Up On DVD . Wish more Super Hero VHS Movies End Up On DVD . Wish Wonder Woman -LRB- Cathy Lee Crosby -RRB- Would Go To DVD .
 I had been looking for -LSB- Steel -RSB- on dvd and found it . Already have steel on VHS . Thanks to Deep South DVDs .
 Great series ... Was pleased to find it on Amazon . Thanks for the amazing price and quick service ! I hope to get the second season on here soon !
 Loved `` The Riches '' both seasons one & two -- regrettably , there will be no season three because the show was cancelled . If you enjoys stories about `` stings '' you will surely like `` The Riches '' about a family of grifters . The acting is superb and the caricatures thoroughly enjoyable .
 Of all the show that I 've watches lately , I must say that this is the best show today . I 'm glad that I 've own my own copy , so that I can always watch it over and over again .
 the dvd set was in great condition and it came earlier than expected which is always a pleasant surprise.thank you
 The Riches is portrays suspension of disbelief at its best ! You have to see it to be `` lie `` ve it .
 Love watching Eddie Izzard , he is just amazing . Very off beat and funny . A very addicting show ... awsome ...
 I loved the darkly comedic series The Riches . If you like Eddie Izzard you will love to follow his reasoning in the way he leads his family to where they are today . I 'm waiting for FX to let us see the remainder of the series that was cut short by the writers strike .
 I am currently deployed in Iraq . I watched a couple episodes before I deployed and had to watch the rest of the season that I missed so I purchased season one to watch on deployment . It was very good and helped me to help time go by . The Riches had me guessing and I had to watch the next episode right away . If you like to stay on your toes then watch the Riches . You 'll enjoy it .
 The group in question is the Travelers -- a band of con artists who have apparently been in the U.S. since the 19th century . This show offers a glimpse into their world , and how odd and sometimes difficult it is for them to try to live among the rest of us . Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver do some pretty decent American accents as the husband and wife posing as the Riches.Complications ensue as they attempt to fill the deceased Riches ' shoes , working , living , and going to school among the so-called Buffers -LRB- non Travelers -RRB- . Never a dull moment , as they say .
 After watching this series you may find yourself comically questioning the authenticity of the professionals in your life . Pop it in , put on the popcorn and enjoy .
 I love the Riches . I was in love with Eddie Izzard and his stand-up already when I found out about the Riches . I bought the Season 1 box set and watched it , no joke , from start to finish with hardly a pause for meal and toilet breaks . Yeah , the DVDs are over ten hours in total ... It 's that good . Since I bought it , I have watched the whole season again TWICE through . I LOVE THE RICHES !! The special features on the DVDs are great . There is a gag reel -LRB- always my favorite -RRB- and two episodes -LRB- the pilot and finale -RRB- have commentaries . I would have , of course , liked more special features - more commentary , more behind-the-scenes , but that 's just because I love Eddie so much that I always want more.My only complaint about the DVDs is that there is no `` Play All '' for the episodes , of which there are 2-4 per DVD -LRB- 4 discs in total -RRB- . You have to select each episode and then `` Play '' . All in all , it 's not really a problem . Queer as Folk does the same ... meh.Anyway , buy this set , watch it , watch it again , and write to Fox asking for them to bring back a third season !!!!! It 's not officially cancelled yet , so do n't give up !
 The Riches was a surprisingly great show with a different spin on family drama . Izzard and Driver are great as the con artist parents of the soapy dysfunctional family whose lives they take over.Minnie Driver is awesome as Dahlia .
 `` The Riches '' is a fabulous show . So entertaining . Can not quit watching it -- it is addictive . Love Eddie Izzard - he is my favorite person in show business .
 I really enjoyed this series . I would definitely begin watching it or purchase seasons as they come on DVD .
 I loved this show , and I was really sorry to see it cancelled . Minnie Driver has never been better ; her character is complex and charming and Minnie plays it to perfection . Eddie Izzard is also brilliant as the con-man father of the family . I liked that the story covered Travelers in the U.S. . That is a subculture that many of us know nothing about .
 This show is just ridiculously good , possibly the best series I 've ever seen.I never saw it when it first came out ; I watched a couple of episodes the second season , but could n't catch up , and then it ended , or rather did n't end , just stopped . So this is a great discovery for me . The pilot is also , probably , the best pilot I 've ever seen . Usually even the best shows are a little shaky in the pilot or premier episode , but this one is perfect , feels like a feature film , as one of the other reviewers remarked . I watched the whole thing courtesy of Amazon Prime -LRB- what a deal ! -RRB- , and it just gets better and better . How they got this so perfectly together out of the box is a mystery , but I suspect Izzard and Driver have a lot to do with it . A lot of Izzard 's speeches sound a lot like his standup.Minnie Driver is fantastic . I had no idea . She 's beautiful , sexy , powerful , vulnerable , subtle , just displays incredible range . And can she sing ! Eddie Izzard is amazing too , and all the acting is great -- the kids , the neighbors , the extended Traveller family , guest stars , everyone . Acting like this does n't happen in a vacuum ; the writing and the direction also have to be as good as it gets . It is n't a period show , of course , and it does n't have amazing vistas of scenery or anything like that , but the costumes are gorgeous . The show is impeccable.I was reminded of `` Northern Exposure '' because it 's another extremely excellent show , cancelled by the networks despite the fans ' objections.However , on that show the two main characters , Fleischmann and O'Connell , were extremely annoying -LRB- especially Fleischmann -RRB- , and it frequently went over the line from absurd to surreal . On this show , Wayne and Dahlia , through it all , embody a courage and dignity that 's inspiring . One can care about these characters in a way that would n't be possible with `` Northern Exposure '' . Of course the situations are far-fetched , but the emotional responses are believable and compelling.I 'm also reminded of the Sopranos , and I find it more believable than that show.Unfortunately , FX cancelled the show in the middle of the second season . Hard to understand why , even though that 's what networks always do . Maybe it was just getting too good.SPOILERSI 'm particularly reminded of the Sopranos , because the Riches/Malloys have the same issue of being habitual criminals trying to be regular Americans living the good life . It 's more complex with these folks , though , because they have grave doubts about becoming regular people -LRB- `` buffers '' -RRB- . LIke the gangsters on the Sopranos , they have a justification for being thieves and con artists -- namely , they do n't , supposedly , steal from their friends , only from the gadje or buffers . That breaks down when they become buffers and have buffer friends.Of course it turns out that the wealthy buffers are pretty much crooks too . Doug 's boss is essentially a Wall Street fat cat , just in local real estate , not on Wall Street ; and everyone in their buffer community is corrupt in some way.By the time the series is cancelled , Wayne is an accessory to murder ; there 's no getting around that . He tries to say that Dale killing Pete was an accident , but come on . If you do n't want to be blamed for killing someone , best thing to do is not hit them on the head with a hammer ! Dale is guilty of AT LEAST some form of manslaughter , probably murder , and Wayne is an accessory after the fact . Now , he could n't have done anything else without going to prison himself for various fraud and other charges , Dahlia going back to prison , and the kids going at best into foster care ; he really did n't have that option . Still , the fact is , he helped Dale avoid prosecution for murder by burying the body , and they may get caught yet ; there 's a PI trying to find Pete . And , look , Wayne knows that this is at least Dale 's second killing , so by helping him not get caught , he 's enabling possible future murders!Plus , he gets in big trouble with Dahlia for lying about all this . And at the same time , she 's been lying to him about her drug problems , and her secret life as a parolee -LRB- second job , secret apartment -RRB- . By a complex chain of associations , I 'm reminded of Downton Abbey -- because that show makes a big mistake that this one does n't . DA , in the second year , has a lot of plot complications that just sort of happen and then dissipate , without really affecting the overall story arc , that should of been just edited out ; and it has a lot of repetition as well . This show is tight ; it has integrity . You NEVER get bored , and though they do have to occasionally resolve some issue that looked hopeless for a long time , to move onto the next horrible problem , it 's never a non sequitur ; the resolution of the last problem always seems to lead to the next , worse one , sort of like the movie `` Quicksand '' . It all flows inexorably from the original sin of stealing the Riches ' identity -- but why was it a sin ? Because they 're stealing from dead people , or because they 're betraying their true Traveller natures?Wayne is persecuted by sort of Traveller Mafia , gets mixed up with sort of Russian mafia types to fight the Irish ones ; to pull off the big score he has to betray and/or somehow satisfy his boss , the investors , the Katrina survivors , the Russian scary bad guys , and his faithful paralegal who helps him pull off his role as a fake lawyer . All these people want different things out of the deal , so it looks impossible , and also it looks like at least two or three of these different groups might kill him , hurt his family , and/or send him to prison.Dahlia 's in an impossible position too ; it apparently never occurred to anyone in the family , until the second season , that she should check in with her parole officer . If she gets caught , it 's back to prison on the old charges , never mind the new ones . They want to do one last big score as the Riches , disappear , and retire , but it does n't look in the least possible.Hard to imagine why FX cancelled this show , except that that 's what networks always do -- but usually not in the middle of the second season.I do hope Izzard manages to pull together a feature film , a third season , something to complete it . As of Februrary 2012 it has n't happened yet , as far as I know . He says he wants to pick up right where they left off , but in order to do that , seems to me , it 's going to need some new actors , at least for the youngest kid , since everyone is 5 years older now .
 I wish everyone could have seen this to keep it on the air . I have a new respect for each of the actors in their ability to create a memorable character . I do n't want to watch now because it was canceled before it the story finished .
 The Riches has proved to be one of the most intelligent and interesting series on American television in quite a long time . In the episodes from the first season one wo n't find catering to the lowest level . Viewers have to think , perhaps even weigh the pros and cons of the characters ' lifestyle and whether the reasons for their actions outweigh the innate dishonesty of what they do.Included are numerous characters residing in the grid , or the real world , and in the nearly mythical world of the Travellers . Wayne Malloy , played by Eddie Izzard , is the head of the family who takes his wife and 3 children with him to live in the grid . Living the lives of buffers , whom his people have always scoffed at , is the biggest con they have ever pulled . They do n't find it easy to do , but doing it successfully is a matter of life and death . Wayne , posing as high-powered lawyer Doug Rich , works hard at creating this new life , but wife Dahlia -LRB- played by Minnie Driver -RRB- has a difficult time playing her part . Newly released from prison , and a true Traveller , she fights him at nearly every step . Meanwhile , the three children do n't quite fit into their schools or among the buffers their own ages.The two worlds have collided frequently , never -- or rarely -- to the benefit of what most of us would consider normal people . In Eden Falls , where most of the story takes place , normal must be defined , over and over . Plus pursuit by their friends and relations among the Travellers makes life even more interesting . Playing the five main characters must be more than a little schizophrenic , but each actor pulls it off.A lot of people will be relieved to read or hear that a second season is being taped . The episodes of the first season were so compelling , it leaves fans eager for more .
 I originally started watching this only because Eddie Izzard was in it , simply because I find him to be amazing . However , the show in itself is just phenomenal . It 's very quirky , off beat and definitely filled with a dark comedy aspect . I do n't know if everybody will like it , but if that 's your style , you should definitely check it out . And even those who may not like it , have to at least respect how clever and original the show is .
 The Riches are really the Malloys , a family of Travelers -LRB- Irish gypsies -RRB- who have stumbled on the con of a lifetime . Things have not been going well for the Malloys lately . Dad , Wayne Malloy -LRB- Eddie Izzard -RRB- has been trying to keep the family going while Mom , Dahlia -LRB- Minnie Driver -RRB- has been serving time for a con gone wrong but has n't been doing so well . While at the Travelers ' camp the family gets into even more trouble putting the whole family on the run in their battered , old RV and causing them to cross paths with the Riches , Doug and Sherene and end up taking over their lives . At first the Malloys are planning to run a quick con but soon they fall into the ` buffer ' lifestyle they had always scorned . The parents decide to enroll their three kids , son Cael , daughter Didi and ... er ... Sam into school . As time passes and the family finds they can survive in the buffer world and realize that the Traveler world is not the safe haven they had always found it . As Season One ends the Malloys are in danger of losing both in a cliffhanger episode that will certainly draw the viewer back for Season Two.The style of this series is part comedy , part drama , even melodrama , and at times borders on farce . Things usually begin realistically enough but then one slightly unlikely over the top thing happens and then another taking the viewer from feeling the anguish of the family attempts to cope with Dahlia 's drug addiction to laughter as they manage to con their way out of yet another problem.This is a truly ensemble performance , not only are the leads -LRB- Izzard and Driver -RRB- convincing in the roles but all the roles are well written and well played . The three children , Cael , the oldest son who misses the Traveler life he understood so well , Didi , the teenage daughter who quickly realizes that life in the buffer world offers her an alternative to an early arranged marriage and Sam , the cross dressing youngest who is just looking a place to fit in anywhere are all especially well written and well acted .
 First off let me say The Riches really is one of the best shows in TV history as far as I am concerned . It is fresh and original which is a rare these days . Eddie Izzard is a freakin ' genius . Until now I have kept every episode on my Tivo and now I can just buy the DVD . Kudos also go to Minnie Driver for some of the best acting of her career . The story lines of The Riches have more twists and turns than a twisty turny thing.A bargain at double the price . I ca n't wait .
 Wow , I love this show . There is suddenly a big influx of fun , original shows and this is one of them . It 's so cool and addictive and I 'm hooked now.Minnie Driver is fantastic as Dahlia Malloy who is part of a family of con artists . She is on parole from having served time in prison for petty robbery and larceny . Her and her husband Wayne are now on the move with their three kids . They 're travelling in an RV when they are witness to a car crash , and making a long story short , they end up assuming the identities of a wealthy family , the Riches , and move to an upscale neighborhood in Palm Beach Florida . Wayne needs to find work to support the family 's new lifestyle so his first scam begins when he tries for a job with his neighbor at his law firm.I ca n't tell you in words just how good this is . It 's such a cool show that you have to check out for yourself . It 's fun and enjoyable and Minnie Driver is brilliant in here . I love watching how these guys get away with all the things they do and it 's certainly addictive . Get yourself a copy and you 'll have a new favourite show for sure .
 When I was a young man running my first rig in the Oil Fields in Kern county California , was having trouble with doing jobs faster than the other crews I worked with . One day the man who trained me pulled me aside and said `` You do n't get it ... They do n't want good operators , they want good liars '' . In this wonderfully written and acted series , Minnie Driver and Eddie Izzard test that theory , in the world of the upper class , by `` stealing the American dream '' . This series brings the public to a mostly unknown hidden culture in America of the Travelers -LRB- Irish Gypsies -RRB- which is something cool in a TV show , going so far out of the box of regular TV writing it 's in another warehouse.If you want something very different , `` The Riches '' is a show for you .
 This is really a great show . I started watching it last year and could n't look away until it was over . The characters are good at what they do , but are also flawed , which makes them human . I find them surprisingly honest , in a way , which is ironic given that their entire lives are based around a steady stream of cons and lies . It seems sometimes that the people around them lie too , they just believe the lies.Very strong acting and sharp writing carries this series . I 've never been a fan of Minnie Driver , but she absolutely shines in this show . Eddie Izzard is just stunning as the family patriarch.The show has already been renewed for a second season of seven episodes -LRB- fewer than usual due to the effects of the writer 's strike -RRB- , set to air March 18th in the States on the FX channel.Sean P. Logue , 2007
 When The Riches was being advertised in Jan 2007 on the FX Channel , I could hardly contain my excitement . I was going to watch the show no matter what because I have been a huge fan of Eddie Izzard 's for almost five years . The whole cast is amazing and each of the episodes is more compelling than the last . The release of the dvd for season 1 was something I had circled on my calendar for months . The dvd 's have great special features including seven webisodes and a hysterically funny gag reel.The only thing that I wish was a little different was that there was a commentary on every episode instead of only the pilot and the finale . Eddie Izzard and Dmitry Lipkin are really fun to listen to and each is both knowledgeable and passionate about different aspects of the craft . It just makes for a more enjoyable experience . You wo n't be sorry for making this purchase , and I hope you 'll all be as excited about Season 2 as I am .
 This is a brilliant show . The great acting , plot , and tone really sets this show apart from other shows on television . On par with the other great shows on F/X .
 Oh , man ! I loved , loved , loved this series . I did n't know what it was about , but heard some really great buzz that it was well worth watching ! And the buzz was right ! This series takes you away to another way of living , which is so different from the norm . The acting and storyline are both superb ! I ca n't wait to order Season 2 !
 The Riches is one of the most original series ever with characters who are complex and intriguing . Each episode holds you captive as Wayne -LRB- Eddie Izzard -RRB- and Dahlia Malloy -LRB- Minnie Driver -RRB- strive to impersonate the Rich family , an immense challenge with their lack of education and experience.This is a series where you never know what is going to happen next or how Wayne is going keep it all together but the love that Wayne and Dahlia have for each other and their children always help them to find a way.Izzard and Driver are simply eloquent . Noel Fisher -LRB- Cael -RRB- , Shannon Marie Woodwood -LRB- DiDi -RRB- and Aidan Mitchel -LRB- Sam -RRB- are genuine in their roles as the three Malloy children.I ca n't wait for this to come out on dvd !
 Love it . All the actors are great . Irish gypsies acclimate to a high-class lifestyle . In the first season its fascinating . 2nd season things start to degenerate and it becomes a little trite . But the actors are WONDERFUL . Love Minnie Driver in this role , love Eddie Izzards signature flourish that he peppers his dialogue with .
 Interesting story about white `` Bohemians '' trying to impersonate an upper class family ... The challenge to make situations -LRB- the father has to become a lawyer ... -RRB- believable is quite met by the writers . Very good acting , stunning Minnie Driver .
 I love this show . Best series I 've seen in years . The whole cast is great . I ca n't wait for it to come out on DVD and I 'm impatiently looking forward to next season .
 Great series they should not have cancelled it ! Enjoyed every episode amazon prime is terrific you can watch it when ever you want .
 It was this show that made me realize that the best programs were rarely on broadcast TV anymore . FX has taken unique risks with their programming . -LRB- Thanks forever , for giving Louie CK the room to do what he does best . Rescue Me had scenes so heartbreaking , I could barely stand it . -RRB- The Riches is a great metaphor for looking at the American Dream through a cynical lens , unique in its kind of subtlety and suspense . Eddie Izzard did great work , as did Minnie Driver . What a culture clash -- Travelers vs. Settlers . Why did it end ? I 'm so happy for the chance to go have another look at programming I miss . With streaming video I can really say , there is no such thing as moaning , `` There is nothing on . '' Now , there really is , always something worth watching .
 I loved this show when it was airing , so disappointed it was cancelled . I 'm very happy I can watch it anytime now .
 Great show ! Would have been better if the writer 's strike had n't interrupted it . Great story line and great cast ! Love !
 It 's too bad the show got canceled cause I enjoyed the tale of these gypsies . They happen to be at the scene of an accident and take over some rich folks lives . It 's very entertaining to see what they have to overcome in order to pull it all off .
 This show is amazing , once you start watching you wo n't want to stop . Eddie Izzard is incredible . I wish that the second season did n't end with a cliff hanger . I would recommend this show to anyone over the age of 14 .
 I 'm amazed that I never show this show when it was on the air ; it reminds me of Weeds . The more episodes that I watch , the more intense and tangled the show becomes ; again like Weeds . I like the blend of humor and drama , it is addictive .
 Wow , I 'm a guy who likes his television shows new and different , but even by my standards , The Riches is a strange show . Everything from the premise to the dialogue , even the odd accents and delivery of lines by Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver , is pretty bizarre . Every episode is full of WTF moments , as the story gets more and more wild . But behind the surreal surface of the show , there 's something relatable . It gives us a poignant look at the ugly side of the American Dream , and it 's got some powerful moments . It also balances humor with very dark drama in a really great way . I highly recommend the series to anyone who wants to experience a show that 's truly unexpected and unlike anything else on TV .
 I 've never been the type of person to get excited over television . I like my sitcoms because they 're easy to follow , even if you miss a week , and reruns barely ever get old -LRB- I think I 've seen every episode of ` Friends ' twelve times over -RRB- , but aside from that I really ca n't say that the idea of following a shows premise all season long interests me . It 's easy for me to miss a week and then find myself lost and wondering what is going on . There are really just a few shows I 've watched religiously ; ` The Sopranos ' being one , another being the early seasons of ` Nip/Tuck ' -LRB- I lost faith after the disastrous third season -RRB- . Well , you can add ` The Riches ' -LRB- as well as ` Damages ' -RRB- to that short list . As we head further into season two I feel compelled to write my review of the first season before too much blurs together.Like I said , following a show all season long seems like a daunting task for me . When that show sinks its claws into you and refuses to let go though , you find it much easier to plop down in front of the TV every Tuesday night . That 's how things went for me with ` The Riches ' . After deciding the ` Nip/Tuck ' was so behind me I needed to find something to fill that void . I happened to stumble onto a encore showing of the pilot for this new ` provocative ' show called ` The Riches ' and within the first few minutes I was hooked . Watching this cute little girl con someone then turn around and reveal that he was a cute little boy was enough for me ; I was in.The shows premise is that of a traveling family -LRB- modern day gypsies -RRB- , the Malloy 's . Dahlia has just been released from prison and her husband Wayne and three kids -LRB- Di Di , Cael and Sam -RRB- have come to bring her home . Dahlia has her own set of problems , most instigated from the time she 's just finished serving , but when Wayne decides that the life of a traveler is just not for them anymore the Malloy 's find themselves in a hole heap of trouble . Segregated from the rest of their traveling family , which includes Dahlia 's crazy cousin Dale , the Malloy 's find themselves on the run for their lives . When an unfortunate accident costs a young wealthy couple their lives Wayne and Dahlia see this as an opportunity to change the course of their lives . Taking on the identity of Doug and Charlene Rich , the Malloy 's are now living the ` American Dream ' , but is it really all they could have hoped for.The show at times may stretch the boundaries of reality , but that is what makes it so much fun . The writers are smart enough to make what on the outset may appear implausible seem completely doable . Looking at the situations Wayne and Dahlia find themselves and the ways they purpose to survive them is enthralling and exciting beyond belief . What 's so great about ` The Riches ' is that it asks the viewer to really examine what makes them happy . As Wayne tries to turn his families life around and create a more stable and ` normal ' environment for his children he ultimately finds himself sacrificing the morals he has already set for them , and while Dahlia tries to support her husband she finds that her life is becoming more and more miserable by being someone that she does n't want to be . The children also have to adjust and decide if they even want to pursue a ` normal ' life if it forces them to change who they are inside.The acting is superb here . Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver are phenomenal as Wayne and Dahlia Malloy . Izzard has impeccable control and becomes the stability in the show , while Minnie steals every scene with her acting range and emotional temperance . She conveys so much realism with her performance , it 's captivating and touching . All three actors who play the Malloy children are flawless . Noel Fisher captures Cael 's rebelliousness which is really nothing short of his outward display of disapproval with his parent 's new lifestyle . Aidan Mitchell is adorable as young Sam , the gender-bending son who ca n't seem to decide just who he really is . But it is Shannon Woodard who really shines brightest here as Di Di , the smart and yet torn daughter who battles herself with their new life , wondering if it 's perks outweigh it 's disadvantages.Each episode is littered with superb supporting performances by Gregg Henry who plays Wayne 's outlandish new boss as well as Margo Martindale who plays their nosey yet caring neighbor Nina.I ca n't think of a flaw here , at least not one large enough to deter anyone from enjoying the entire season . Season two has now officially begun and is building strong on its first season so I truly only see good things to come at this point . ` The Riches ' help make my Tuesday nights all that much more interesting and hopefully they can do the same for you . Leave it to FX to create something new and exciting and completely worthwhile . I may have just been conned out of my Tuesday evenings , but it was well , well worth it .
 Television could have been a wonderful enhancement to human existence , but for some reason has only served to reduce the quality of our lives.If TV had gone in the direction that The Riches does go , perhaps more people would be having intelligent conversations at the water cooler instead of discussing what Britney Spears is up to these days.The writing of the show is wonderful and complex and the performances of every actor , down to the smallest part , are exceptional . The story lines are not only duplicitous , but witty and thought provoking.You would be doing yourself a disservice to miss out on this show.I simply can not say enough good things about it.I was drawn to it because I 'm an Eddie Izzard fan , -LRB- I mean - the man tells historical jokes ! -RRB- and was not let down . Eddie and Minnie are just the cream on the top of all of these wonderful actors .
 I had only seen the first episode when I pre-ordered this and I am so glad I did n't let the rather somber tone prevent me from discovering the delight this series is . Eddie Izzard , sans drag :--LRB- & Minnie Driver both lovingly portray their multi-dimensional characters with such care that their portrayals are more than mere stereotypes . This family could never be easily pidgeoned holed as Trailer Trash given their obvious devotion to one another . The supporting actors portraying the children give no less than inspired performances . I really appreciate the nuances that are found in the fully fleshed out characters . Despite the storyline , these characters are more human than human and their family relationships and resulting dynamics make for a real treat . I still ca n't believe this show was ever made ...
 I 'm reviewing the season which I loved , Season One . This season was so fresh and new in premise that I hung onto each episode . It is great fun from first episode to last . The premise is that Travelers -LRB- American gypsies or Roms -RRB- substitute themselves for people who were killed in a car crash . They hid the bodies and then rolled into a moderate sized southern town as those people . Since no one in the town knew them , they were able to pull this off . The husband and father was a corporate lawyer and his wife was the perfectly tended 2nd wife . The dead people had no children but they add on their 3 children to the mix . These people have never lived in anything but an RV encampment and have lived on solely their wits for years . They are expert con men , even the children . Now they live in a gated community and must convince everyone in town that they belong . It is always a near thing because , of course , they do n't belong but they are excellent cons , both on a computer and off one . Wayne and Dahlia Malloy -LRB- Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver -RRB- are the husband and wife and parents of this bunch . Eddie Izzard is a very well known British comedian and thus he is perfect for playing a man who has to live by his wits and become someone he 's not on a moment 's notice . Although everyone else is very good , Izzard is outstanding and it is impossible to picture the show without him . Season Two just did not come together for me like Season One did but I kept watching because Izzard was still so good .
 Excellent . However , a word of warning . Causes family fights when one person watches an episode without waiting for others . You must restart the dvd often as family members enter the room in mid-episode .
 It was actually Minnie Driver who attracted me to this show . I always liked but , never loved her . This show has made me realize how amazing a talent she is . If I did n't know she were an actor from the UK , I would fully think that she had been born in Alabama , Georgia or Mississippi her accent is that believable.She , like the rest of the cast , are perfectly cast in their roles . They all -LRB- Eddie Izzard , Shannon Woodward , Noel Fisher and Aiden Mitchell -RRB- tow the very fine line of family/liars in a perfect way . Plus I love the way the show adds the realism of `` believing the lie '' and its toll on the family.An extremely well conceived , written and acted show . I hope it gets the recognition and viewership it deserves !
 This show is fantastic . I 've seen every episode , some a few times . I ca n't wait for it to come on every week .
 Can not stop watching `` The Riches . '' This series pulls you in and wo n't let go . Eddie is a great actor .
 This is one of the cleverest and blackest comedies I 've ever seen . Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver are stand-outs , but the entire cast -LRB- especially The Riches children -RRB- is brilliant !! Highly recommended .
 I was flipping through the channels late one night and this movie was just starting on Starz . I decided to give it a shot and loved it . It 's the story of a woman who catches her husband cheating on her with her best friend so she decides to go out and celebrate her new singleness . When she goes out she meets three men who are on their way to Las Vegas but are stuck in the town for awhile while they waiting for their flat tire to be fixed . She mistakes their pity as friendship and goes to Las Vegas to be with them and look up an old school mate who is now a stripper . A funny movie that moves quickly and has alot of charm and good acting . The ending is a little far fetched but this is a worthwhile movie .
 I was flipping through movie channels on cable the other day and I came across Sparkler . Boredom made me watch it , even though I missed the beginning , but I was hooked immediately . The chemistry between the cast was incredible . I love Park Overall and I do n't think any other actress could have played Melba . Freddie Prinze , Jr. and Jamie Kennedy were also really good . I was especially impressed with Steven Patrarca . His portrayal of Joel was very moving . The scenes of him coming out to Trent -LRB- Kennedy -RRB- were done really well . Although the plot was far-fetched it was well-written . I was also really impressed with the direction . There were n't any useless scenes in the movie and everything had a point . I would n't recommend this movie for younger people , but if you are looking for a warm-hearted comedy with a bit of a wicked twist , then Sparkler is definitely a movie you need to see .
 This movie is a great movie I love freddie prinze jr. it has alot of direction in it . . it was a fabulouse movie . it showing that he can come out of the teenage era . I think he will be a big actor even after the teenage faze dies rent it or buy it it is well worth it /
 Cute movie makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside with a twist at the end of the movie . A good movie when on a date .
 I absolutely love this movie it is one of my all time favorites.I starts with Melba May -LRB- Overall -RRB- who lives in a trailer park and catches her husband and her best friend in bed together . And runs over to her mother trailer on the other side of the park where she gets dressed I in a sparkly ball gown and goes to the local trailer park bar And loses one of her mothers earrings while dancing with three boys on there was to Vegas . The boys endup at the bar because there car has a flat tire . Melba mother is so up set and insists she calls them to get back the earring . `` well there goes another 19.95 down the drain . '' The movie proceeds to Vegas where Melba meets up with an old high school friend Dottie . who was a showgirl 20 year 's earlier but now works at the absolute sleaziest strip club 's in the world . They go to find the boys and proceed to gamble and win money . when Melba 's husband shows up in Vegas with there Trailer in tow and a letter from a sweepstakes letter that he got from some sweepstakes guy that showed up at there trailer with a camera crew and balloons and everything and the only way for him to get any of the money is if melba agrees to be on TV . so he is in Vegas trying to win her back . This movie is so funny and touching . Every friend I have shown it to also loves it . I plead with the makers of this movie please release it on DVD . I have worn out 2 copies of Sparkler on VHS and am now purchasing my 3 copy of this movie . It is that good !!!!!!!
 I got this movie because Jamie Kennedy was in it and he did n't disappoint me . He gave a really good performance , along with Freddie Prinze Jr. . It 's a good movie , a little racy at times , but other than that , overall a fun movie !
 I rented this movie after seeing Jamie Kennedy on the cover . I thought that it sounded pretty weird , but I still rented just so that I could see him in a new movie . It was predictable , but stil enjoyable . Like another reviewer said , a bit racy at times . The acting was good , and the directing was n't bad either . I think Jamie 's character was the best one though ... oh well , maybe I 'm just biased since he 's so cute . = D
 David Duchovny 's acting with hutton is excellent . The story and some scenes of directing needs serious help . Overall , it 's a slick thriller that 's `` Quentin Taritino '' styled .
 Boy howdy ! It 's Perfessor Mom Pressfour , here to tell you about * Playing God * -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . This is a fast-paced LA crime thriller that owes a debt to the great film noirs of the 1940s . It stars David Duchovny as Eugene , Timothy Hutton as Raymond , Angelina Jolie as Claire , Michael Massee as Gage , Peter Stormare as Vladimir , Andrew Tiernan as Cyril and Gary Dourdan as Yates.In 1997 , after 3 years of playing FBI agent Fox Mulder in TV 's * X-Files * , David Duchovny took time off to make * Playing God * . Cast in the lead role , he was a drug-addicted surgeon disbarred from medical practice . In 1996 Timothy Hutton played an LA bank robber alongside Harvey Keitel in a gritty neo-noir called * City of Industry * . For the * Playing God * production , Hutton 's criminal status was upped
 I would give it five stars because it is my favorite movie of all time , but some would say that it 's far from perfect . I really like this movie because the main character , has flaws . It makes it seem more realistic to me when people in movies are n't perfect . It has good camera work that I really like . It makes for some cool shots and I never felt lost when some action was going on . It has a cool car chase , just the right amount of comedy here and there , a decent story , fairly good acting , and some good action ! This definatly could have been better , but I think it has just the right combination of things to make it an enjoyable movie that I think anyone that is a fan of action or David Duchovny should definately see . I do n't think you 'll be dissapointed !
 I thought I was going to hate PLAYING GOD , but it 's so ridiculous it 's endearing . I had n't laughed so hard in a while . This is one preposterous giggle-fest from start to finish , but at least the makers knew that . Completely ludicrous situations develop that the characters encounter with hilarious aplomb . Duchovny 's character could do a heart transplant on a Cadillac 's hood if only you gave him a spork and bungee cord . Duchovny 's absurd narration overdubs alone are priceless . Cliches are satirized mercilessly . One scene , where he 's riding an elevator , has Duchovny internally opining about what it 's like to be a surgeon . Try and make out his bizarre analogy between surgery and flying an F-14 . It does n't make a lick of sense , of course , but the whole thing is hilarious.Timothy Hutton - I think that 's his name - plays the perfect comic badguy . The supposed gang war at the heart of this thing is totally absurdly dumb , but it makes for some great dialogue . Boris the Bulgarian was brilliant , all of his lines seemed to be delivered in mid-guffaw . Angelina Jolie seems to be the only one who 's actually trying to convincingly act , but we can forgive her for that particular oversight . From script to acting to action , this movie is a plain ol' goofball fest from start to finish . Highly enjoyable .
 While it is n't the most impressive movie , Playing God does have its moments . When I first saw it , I laughed out loud at a pairing of David Duchovney and Angelina Jolie , but after the third veiwing , the characters and the story began to grow on me . Duchovny and Jolie 's chemistry actually works , and Timothy Hutton is crazy , colorful and quotable as a slightly sadistic crime lord . You 'll get the gist of the story from previous reviews , but the important thing with this movie is to watch it tongue-in-cheek . It 's entertaining , has a certain replay value , and has enough plot holes/unbelieveable happenings/goofy dialogue to warrent a double-play , and in my case , extensive nerd-ish study . What I 've gleaned from the story and the character is basically
 This movie has definite re-watch-ability . The plot is tight ; the acting is good ; and the script is packed with great lines , well-delivered . It kept even my mother , the proverbial Mikey , alternately on the edge of her seat and shaking with laughter.A true must-see for any fan of Timothy Hutton , David Duchovny , Angelina Jolie , dark action/comedies , or narrated movies in general .
 I disagree with the negative reviews by Maltin and the other ` customer ' reviewers . I found this to be an excellent action film with good acting , a screenplay that was urbane and sardonic in a Quentin Tarentino sort of way , and excellenct acting by Duchovny and Hutton . My only complaint is that Angelina Jolie 's character is underdeveloped . I highly recommend this film !
 Playing God was one of the best movies ive seen in a while . The actors in this movie blend well together ... jolie , duchovny , and hutton . The whole movie keeps you at the edge of your seat , and theres never a dull moment . The idea of an underground doctor was a great idea for a movie , and should of been thought of sooner . The continuous change of emotion and suspense was a great formula for this movie . And hutton plays a obsesseive sinister druglord very well . This movie is worth making a part of your video library , and watching many times over .
 Extra features - wide screen & previews only.Action thriller with all you could ask for
 PLAYING GOD never got the theatrical time it deserved . It 's a great noir film with good characters , performances , and direction . The story about conterfeiting and a doctor reluctantly hired as a mob doc is quite original , and at the same time , it achieves a great level of humor that is tried but not reached in many crime films . David D 's performance is spot-on and he delivers his lines with gusto . Timothy Hutton has so much fun with his role that he eats up every scene he is in . A pre-FARGO Peter Stromare gives a very credible performance as a Russian counterfeiter and Angelina Jolie proves that she is a good actress even at the beginning of her career with the limited role that she is given . However , Hutton overshadows everyone else with his great line delivery and facial expressions . Some of the best lines of the film belong to him , and he gives them very well . Andy Wilson 's direction is very good and suspenseful , and some of his more complicated shots work very well . He has a great sense of pacing and it works well for the film . Everyone that made this film should be proud . It is fun , exciting , and more importantly , entertaining as hell . It 's everything a crime/noir/comedy should be , which raises it above the bar that has been set .
 I disagree with the negative reviews by Maltin and the other ` customer ' reviewers . I found this to be an excellent action film with good acting , a screenplay that was urbane and sardonic in a Quentin Tarentino sort of way , and excellenct acting by Duchovny and Hutton . My only complaint is that Angelina Jolie 's character is underdeveloped . I highly recommend this film !
 This is a great film to watch if you do n't want to watch the typical action movie . Playing God is a action film , but it also mixes film noir and dark comedy.The film 's style is very much like 1950 's film noir , but updated into a 90 's look and feel . While that may sound strange , the concept really works , better than some other movies that attempt the same thing.In general , this is a great film for people who do n't like ` typical ' films , or fans of David Duchovny . p.s - Angelina Jolie does a great job with her material , even though her fans will wish she had more screen time .
 I love this movie ! its exciting , thrilling and funny in scenesDavid is far away from the x files in this movie ! Angelina i ssexy and seductress and Timothy is absolutley brillient!great film look out for the car chase through the streets
 I love the dry humor -LRB- dialogue -RRB- of this movie , tho I could of done without SO much profanity , and violence . I buy anything with Angelina Jolie in it .
 I love David Duchovny , I have all 9 seasons of the X-Files on DVD and I needed this movie for my collection . The movie is very good , it has a lot of action . I saw it a long time ago , and I 'm very happy to have found it through Amazon .
 While this movie is not for everyone , if you have a wicked sense of humor and the taste for a witty , dark , and subversive look at life , this is the film for you ! I ca n't tell you how much I LOVED this movie , both as a `` cinema consumer '' , and as an employee at an independent video store . Not only did Playing God serve up large helpings of wry , sardonic humor and a wonderfully frenetic plot , it provided a nice -- and rare ! -- opportunity to send the most jaded patron home with something `` new '' . If you 're easily offended by violence or irreverent humor , please stay far away ; if not -LRB- and I 'm guessing that if you 're a Duchovny fan the answer is a ringing `` NO ! '' :-RRB- then buckle up for a wild ride . The only fault I have with the movie is based on industry heresay
 Read the critics review for the plot . David Duchovny is great . The scenes are hauntingly memorable .
 &#34; PLAYING GOD &#34; WAS AN INTERESTING FILM , BUT I SEEM TO ENJOY FIMS MORE IN THE DIRECTION OF COMEDY.TO MANY FILMS ON DRUGS AND VIOLENCE . .
 This is the fastest order that has ever been shipped to me . I received a quality product and received it quickly . I apreciate the service .
 A SURGEON LOSES A PATIENT AND HIS LICIENCE DUE TO DRUG USE AND FINDS HIM SELF EMPLOYED BY A MOB BOSS . THINGS GET OUT OF HAND THE DEEPER HE GETS INVOLVED WITH THE MOB BOSS AND THE MORE HE GETS INVOLVED WITH THE MOB BOSS 'S MISTRESS . -LRB- ANGELINA JOLIE -RRB- . JM
 Duchovny plays a drug addicted doctor who has lost his license . One night while making a score he saves a man 's life and is suddenly back in the doctor business when a big time smuggler -LRB- Hutton -RRB- gets word of the rescue from his gal -LRB- Jolie -RRB- and sets him up as an underworld doc . Predictable characters , but good acting . A smarter brand of dark comedy than is usually found in an action adventure thriller .
 Deborah Kampmeier is a name to watch . Her first venture into film making is VIRGIN and though there are rough spots in this obviously low budget film , there is enough freshness of voice and technique to give strong notice that this is a creative artist of importance.VIRGIN is a rather unclassifiable movie and that is part of its beauty . This is not a film about ` girls gone wrong ' , or about the importance of structured religion , or any of the other routine storylines that the title my suggest to the unknowing viewer . This is a story about life in rural Vermont -LRB- or any rural area -RRB- where the youth are at odds with the parents , where double standards are de rigeuer , and where far too much credence is placed on the town Church to relegate the rights and wrongs that rule the community.Jessie Reynolds -LRB- Elisabeth Moss -RRB- lives for her champion runner sister Katie -LRB- Stephanie Gatschet -RRB- who in turn is a devout ` Christian ' who with her mother -LRB- Robin Wright Penn -RRB- and father -LRB- Peter Gerety -RRB- attend church regularly . Jessie is out of the loop with the religion bit and while she supports herself with a paper route , her drinking and smoking bills are supplanted with a habit of shoplifting . She secretly longs for a boy named Shane -LRB- Charles Socarides -RRB- and has an admirer in another smarmy lad named Michael -LRB- Sam Riley -RRB- . Jessie gets drunk at a dance one evening and is seduced by Shane with the help of Qaaludes into falling asleep while Shane has sex with her . Jessie has no memory at all of the episode but when she awakens she feels as though she has been impregnated and insists that since she is a virgin , that this must be immaculate conception - that she is carry the next Christ child who will be the second coming of Christ ! Obviously no one believes her , she is disowned by her father , begins to have visions -LRB- including a wild Hispanic woman who is similar to La Llorona - Socorro Santiago -RRB- , and decides that she will keep her pregnancy instead of putting the baby for adoption the parents are requiring.How this all works out on the end is a series of reality testing and morality testing and the result is a moving emotional setting . The acting is fine , especially Elisabeth Moss , and while a bit of judicious editing would have tightened this film , the impact is solid and honest , Given that the film is the first effort of Kampmeier , I for one eagerly await to see where her vision will take us . Grady Harp , March 05
 The most powerful film I have ever seen ! The emotional aspect of Jessie 's -LRB- Elisabeth Moss -RRB- alcoholism and overall mindful un-rest are so truly moving it has to be seen to be believed . Bravo to Deborah Kampier and Robin Wright Penn for giving us -LRB- the viewers -RRB- a movie-going experience that will haunt us for the rest of our lives . Never have I seen such TRUE emotion and heart-breaking honesty . The lesson of the film is different for everyone . I believe that is what has made this such an underground favorite . If I had only 24 hours left to live , `` VIRGIN '' would be at the top-of-the-list of things to do and see . Do yourself a favor , do n't miss this movie !
 This movie starts out a bit slow , a bit meandering and its doe not feel like the description on the dvd case . But it does ... just not the way you expect it , and it builds to a very emotional and devastating ending . I was trying to work while watching it , but that was impossible . It demanded my attention and left me stunned . A great movie !
 `` Virgin '' is far from your typical , light-hearted or melodramatic motion picture industry fare , the sort that I avoid religiously in video stores . This is more of a thinker 's movie , European-style , where there are unanswered questions ripe for debate and discussion among your friends after the movie , rather than a plate full of neat conclusions . If you need everything spelled out for you in a movie , this is not the one for you.A young high school girl is basically date-raped with what was probably a drug such as GHB . She openly declares her unborn child to be the next Christ . I have often wondered what the outcome might be in such a case.The plot is unique among movies , you have to allow . I like movies that break new ground and go where others have feared to tread . Far too many movies rehash old formulas . This movie gets extra points for originality , and tempts me to overlook certain flaws.There is no predicting where this one is going . Your eyes will be glued to the set until the end . Be prepared for well-acted , realistic drama , less violence than you might expect , and less sex than you might expect . Despite the title , definitely do not rent or buy it in anticipation of nudity or sex scenes.Elisabeth Moss is a sympathetic , interesting and sensual character , and the camera is in love with her -- expect long , lingering facial close-ups . Fortunately for the audience , she is easy on the eyes.I felt the movie tilted , lesbian feminist-style , into maligning all men , who come across for the most part as sex-crazed , immoral animals . But this served to inform me of the writer 's prejudices . I enjoyed getting deep inside the secret mind of a lesbian subversive and seeing the world through her eyes.A knowledge of religion and human nature may help in the understanding of this movie . If you just do n't `` get it '' like the previous reviewer commented , probably it is the result of being fed a dreary diet of dull Hollywood movies where thinking is optional and knowledge unnecessary.The movie does not attempt to preach or instill any particular belief in the viewer . Nor is the movie particularly hostile to Christianity , despite the heretical plot . If anything , I would guess the faith of the writer to be liberal Christian with some New Age elements.Overall , well-done , original , and instructive about human nature and religious belief . Worthy as an addition to your library if you are particularly interested in the plot .
 There are certain actresses that if they are in a film , I expect to experience some uncommonly good perspective about some idea or persona that is often misunderstood . For me , those actresses include Robin Wright Penn , Chloe Sevigny , Jennifer Jason Leigh , Susan Sarandon , Vanessa Redgrave , Emma Thompson , and several others.Robin Wright Penn acts in this film , and she also believed enough in the film that she was an executive producer . `` Virgin '' stars Elizabeth Moss , who was Zoey Bartlet from TV 's The West Wing . She and the rest of the cast do a tremendous acting job.The hypocritical father thinks he is doing `` good '' by condemning and chatising his daugther , following the cruel and misguided persecution of the community . Jessie asks her father , `` Who is the liar ? '' Her father says , `` I wo n't betray my God for you . '' Sometimes life gives us improbable truths that raise the question of `` Do I follow the community 's directive or do I consider that my child is telling the truth ? '' The plot is set up to give an example of where an improbable fact is true . And it is the interpretations of those improbable facts that determine the fate of the characters.Jessie tells a story of an animal experiment . It 's purposefully unclear whether the story is true or something she made up . But it presented questions that I do n't have answers for . Another `` story '' is told by a mad woman , a story that gives another example of where a premature and uninformed interpretation of the facts leads to a tragic violent decision . The story appears to cause Jessie to stop incorrectly blaming and trying to hurt her child.This movie does not turn away from facing the brutality of rape and the warped mentality of a rapist . The movie is an adult conversation about the brutalities of misunderstanding . It 's tough to keep watching all the way to the end , but I encourage you to watch it all . If a theme of the film is `` Do n't prematurely judge without all the information '' , the film itself is an example of that theme.Great art can be interpreted well in many different ways . This film is larger than my understanding , smarter than me , and I 'm privileged to have seen it . If after watching the film , you have any concern whether writer/director Deborah Kampmeier has more intelligent things to say about women 's issues , then watch the equally recommendable short film on the DVD , entitled `` Eat Your Heart Out . `` Please comment , express feedback , or suggest related movies .
 When I first saw this movie at the rental , it looked interesting , so I rented it . This movie is the best movie I have ever seen . Elisabeth Moss gives an oscar worthy perfermance , and the whole film will make you see how much people have faith in their religion , but thinks it is impossible to have another christ child . I usually do n't like movies that make me cry , but this is a must see.Elisabeth Moss plays a girl who believes she is carrying the christ child . Little does she know the night before she was drugged and raped by her boyfriend . As the movie goes on the small town she lives in revolts against her , `` insanity '' , and basically shuns her . The rest I shall leave as a ending , I do n't want to spoil it . YOU MUST GET THIS MOVIE , I KNOW IT IS HARD TO FIND , BUT BUY IT THEN IT 'S WORTH IT !
 I felt so bad for Jessie ; the girl was raped twice , brutalized & ridiculed . It 's nice to see her transformation from the aimless teen to someone who finds some sort of peace !
 VCI Entertainment present `` Bob Steele Double Feature Vol . 4 '' -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- ... relive those thrilling days from the early '30s and '40s when Bob Steele took us down the dusty trails with some of the best B-Westerns ever to grace the Saturday Matinee Screen ... just remember double the thrills , mystery and suspense ... hitting the bull 's eye with excitement ... do n't miss any of the Bob Steele features loaded with action that will leave you wanting more of his B-Western adventures.First up of this double feature from Republic Pictures is `` Gun Lords of Stirrup Basin '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- . -LRB- 55 min -RRB- . . Under director Sam Newfield , producer A.W. Hackel , original screenplay by Fred K. Myton and George H. Plympton , short story author Harry F.Olmstead ... the cast include Bob Steele -LRB- Dan Stockton -RRB- , Louise Stanley -LRB- Gail Dawson Stockton -RRB- , Karl Hackett -LRB- Gabe Bowdre -RRB- , Ernie Adams -LRB- Red -RRB- , Frank LaRue -LRB- Boone Dawson -RRB- , Frank Ball -LRB- Hub Stockton -RRB- , Steve Clark -LRB- Rancher Hammond -RRB- , Lew Meehan -LRB- Blackie Fallon -RRB- , Frank Ellis -LRB- Homesteader Horner -RRB- , Budd Buster -LRB- Sheriff -RRB- , Horace B. Carpenter -LRB- Minister -RRB- , Lloyd Ingraham -LRB- Doctor -RRB- , Horace Murphy -LRB- Cherokee -RRB- , Jack Kirk -LRB- Jack -RRB- ... our story opens with a feud between the families of Bob Steele and Louise Stanley over water rights ... Karl Hackett is behind every murder and distardly plan that takes place of the Republic Lot ... Ernie Adams as usual steals the scenes he 's in , with a sock to the jaw by his good friend Steele ... plenty of fisticuffs and gunplay to make this an over the top oater ... this Republic Picture release was an above average oater , mainly because of the cast and good story line by Harry F. Holmstead , Fred K. Myton and George H. Plympton who were the best at their craft in the '30s . . The second feature is from Republic Pictures `` The Feud Maker '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- -LRB- 57 min -RRB- ... Under director Sam Newfield , producer A.W. Hackel , screenplay by George H. Plympton , original story by Harry F. Olmstead . . the cast include Bob Steele -LRB- Tex Ryan -RRB- , Marion Weldon -LRB- Sally Harbison -RRB- , Karl Hackett -LRB- Rand Lassiter -RRB- , Frank Ball -LRB- Ben Harbison -RRB- , Budd Buster -LRB- Conners -RRB- , Lew Meehan -LRB- Jake Slaven -RRB- , Roger Williams -LRB- Sheriff Manton -RRB- , Forrest Taylor -LRB- Marshal Kincade -RRB- , Jack C. Smith -LRB- Nelson -RRB- , Steve Clark -LRB- Hand that quits -RRB- , Lloyd Ingraham -LRB- Hank Younger -RRB- ... . once again our hero Bob Steele must deal with a range war and Karl Hackett who is stirring up the cattlemen and nesters ... many of the regulars from past Steele films appear on the roster Steve Clark , Lew Meehan , Budd Buster and Lloyd Ingraham with hard riding action throughout ... will Steele and Hackett lock horns before the last reel , some very quick thinking gives our hero the advantage ... another great B-Western from Bob Steele under the Republic Picture banner , proves to be one of his most exciting performances.Special footnote , actor Bob Steele was the son of director Robert N. Bradbury and the age of 14 he and his twin brother Bill Bradbury made a series of comedy shorts `` Adventures of Bob and Bill '' -LRB- 1920 -RRB- , directed by their father ... along came his first starring western `` The Mojave Kid '' -LRB- 1927 -RRB- , released by Film Booking Office of America -LRB- FBO -RRB- and directed by his father , he changed his name to Bob Steele ... making low budget B-Westerns for independent studios such as Republic , Supreme , Monogram and PRC which included nearly 200 feature films , serials and TV appearances ... was in his twilight years at the age 59 when he got the part of the cantankerous `` Trooper Duffy '' , in the western comedy series `` F Troop '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , who at the drop of a hat would give his rendition of fighting `` shoulder to shoulder with Davy Crockett at the Alamo '' ... Steele retired from the screen in 1973 ... his long career , spanning more than 50 years came to an end in 1988 when he passed away.SPECIAL FEATURES : BIOS :1 . Bob Steele -LRB- Robert Adrian Bradbury -RRB- Birth Date
 VCI Entertainment present `` Bob Steele Double Feature Vol . 4 '' -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- ... relive those thrilling days from the early '30s and '40s when Bob Steele took us down the dusty trails with some of the best B-Westerns ever to grace the Saturday Matinee Screen ... just remember double the thrills , mystery and suspense ... hitting the bull 's eye with excitement ... do n't miss any of the Bob Steele features loaded with action that will leave you wanting more of his B-Western adventures.First up of this double feature from Republic Pictures is `` Gun Lords of Stirrup Basin '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- . -LRB- 55 min -RRB- . . Under director Sam Newfield , producer A.W. Hackel , original screenplay by Fred K. Myton and George H. Plympton , short story author Harry F.Olmstead ... the cast include Bob Steele -LRB- Dan Stockton -RRB- , Louise Stanley -LRB- Gail Dawson Stockton -RRB- , Karl Hackett -LRB- Gabe Bowdre -RRB- , Ernie Adams -LRB- Red -RRB- , Frank LaRue -LRB- Boone Dawson -RRB- , Frank Ball -LRB- Hub Stockton -RRB- , Steve Clark -LRB- Rancher Hammond -RRB- , Lew Meehan -LRB- Blackie Fallon -RRB- , Frank Ellis -LRB- Homesteader Horner -RRB- , Budd Buster -LRB- Sheriff -RRB- , Horace B. Carpenter -LRB- Minister -RRB- , Lloyd Ingraham -LRB- Doctor -RRB- , Horace Murphy -LRB- Cherokee -RRB- , Jack Kirk -LRB- Jack -RRB- ... our story opens with a feud between the families of Bob Steele and Louise Stanley over water rights ... Karl Hackett is behind every murder and distardly plan that takes place of the Republic Lot ... Ernie Adams as usual steals the scenes he 's in , with a sock to the jaw by his good friend Steele ... plenty of fisticuffs and gunplay to make this an over the top oater ... this Republic Picture release was an above average oater , mainly because of the cast and good story line by Harry F. Holmstead , Fred K. Myton and George H. Plympton who were the best at their craft in the '30s . . The second feature is from Republic Pictures `` The Feud Maker '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- -LRB- 57 min -RRB- ... Under director Sam Newfield , producer A.W. Hackel , screenplay by George H. Plympton , original story by Harry F. Olmstead . . the cast include Bob Steele -LRB- Tex Ryan -RRB- , Marion Weldon -LRB- Sally Harbison -RRB- , Karl Hackett -LRB- Rand Lassiter -RRB- , Frank Ball -LRB- Ben Harbison -RRB- , Budd Buster -LRB- Conners -RRB- , Lew Meehan -LRB- Jake Slaven -RRB- , Roger Williams -LRB- Sheriff Manton -RRB- , Forrest Taylor -LRB- Marshal Kincade -RRB- , Jack C. Smith -LRB- Nelson -RRB- , Steve Clark -LRB- Hand that quits -RRB- , Lloyd Ingraham -LRB- Hank Younger -RRB- ... . once again our hero Bob Steele must deal with a range war and Karl Hackett who is stirring up the cattlemen and nesters ... many of the regulars from past Steele films appear on the roster Steve Clark , Lew Meehan , Budd Buster and Lloyd Ingraham with hard riding action throughout ... will Steele and Hackett lock horns before the last reel , some very quick thinking gives our hero the advantage ... another great B-Western from Bob Steele under the Republic Picture banner , proves to be one of his most exciting performances.Special footnote , actor Bob Steele was the son of director Robert N. Bradbury and the age of 14 he and his twin brother Bill Bradbury made a series of comedy shorts `` Adventures of Bob and Bill '' -LRB- 1920 -RRB- , directed by their father ... along came his first starring western `` The Mojave Kid '' -LRB- 1927 -RRB- , released by Film Booking Office of America -LRB- FBO -RRB- and directed by his father , he changed his name to Bob Steele ... making low budget B-Westerns for independent studios such as Republic , Supreme , Monogram and PRC which included nearly 200 feature films , serials and TV appearances ... was in his twilight years at the age 59 when he got the part of the cantankerous `` Trooper Duffy '' , in the western comedy series `` F Troop '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , who at the drop of a hat would give his rendition of fighting `` shoulder to shoulder with Davy Crockett at the Alamo '' ... Steele retired from the screen in 1973 ... his long career , spanning more than 50 years came to an end in 1988 when he passed away.SPECIAL FEATURES : BIOS :1 . Bob Steele -LRB- Robert Adrian Bradbury -RRB- Birth Date
 Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor 's office . Confucius overcame many difficulties .
 This biography is a ` must have ' for anyone that is fascinated with or still loves the disco era . There will never be another Studio 54 although many have tried . It was all because of Steve Rubell who was a genius at creating the perfect disco . This biography tells the story of Steve Rubell , how he created Studio 54 and how his ego landed him in jail . It even has a few behind-the-scenes photos showing the club while it was still under construction . The only problem with this disc is it 's too short . I wish it was 3 hours long !
 In the 70 's , i was too young to be in the Studio54 and meet Steve Rubell.Now , i can say that Steve has been certainly one of the famous stars the nightlife will allways need.Take a look at this video and you 'll see how impressive was the man with the eternal smile.Enjoy ! Only one regrets
 This was my first download and it was `` free '' . The download performed well . `` The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe '' was informative . It ran up to 50 minutes . This was a Unbox Video Download . It started with the typical intro and ended with the credits . Some individuals did not get a complete download so i included my experience with the Unbox download . i hope the review was helpful . ty .
 7 Mummies is a mix of Con Air , Mummy , and Night of the Living Dead . The plot , without giving too much away , involves a group of prisoners being transported across the desert . The convicts escape , taking a guard hostage , and set out across the treacherous desert trying to get to Mexico . Along the way , the come across a set of clue and a crazy old man - both of which point to a ghost town and more gold than can be spent in several lifetimes . The only caveat is between the ninja mummies , the vampire hookers , and crazy cowboys , there is no guess on just how long they 'll be able to live ... This movie really is just a fun , brainless bit of thrill . It could have easily received 5 stars -LRB- especially for being a direct to DVD production -RRB- , but the first 20 minutes of the movie is painfully slow , and the last two minutes feel tacked on . The movie could have benefited from additional editing . I know it is already a short movie - less than 80 minutes , but I would rather have watched a 60 minute version cut a little cleaner -- think Masters of Horror.Aside from needing a bit more editing , this movie is just a great horror movie , the kind you watch when you want to smile and not think for a while -- definitely not the kind you watch when you really want to be scared.Recommended for all of those into B horror , and zombie fun .
 I recently bought and watched this movie because it was made in Mescal Arizona , a place i visit every year on my vacations from Florida to arizona . It wasnt a bad movie , I enjoyed it , kinda like those spaghetti westerns of the old days , but since I love all the old westerns I liked this one too . There are not many westerns made anymore , so you have to appreciate any that come along .
 This is a very fun little program that will definitely get your heart pumping and put a smile on your face . There are a few key moves from each style of dance shown and drilled with a great selection of upbeat music . Do n't expect to become a dancing diva from this DVD because the variety of moves is small , but it IS so much fun . The steps are simple enough throughout all of the styles for even a klutz like me to follow , though it will take some practice . I should think it would be good for people interested in dance fitness but scared of some of the choreography out there . As far as features go , I like that you can pick your own sections and that there is a separate section for learning the steps . It is also wonderful that you have the option of turning the narration off . Once you watch an exercise DVD so often and learn it by heart , it is nice to be able to go along with music only . One negative to this DVD is that I think Elsa has appalling form sometimes . Her hip movements are very big and very bouncy which can be troublesome for your lower back . Her students , however , stay more understated and move more safely , so it 's best emulate them . Worth the money for people who enjoy dancing but need simpler movements than usually available in these types of programs . If you 're completely new to this type of movement , though , it might take a couple of runs through the DVD . I 'm still learning it , but I do n't find it frustrating at all . Just fun !
 This is a nice little dvd . Leandros gives basic rundowns of a number of dance styles
 I could n't decide what dance styles I 'd like to learn , or which I can do half way decently , so I bought this `` all in one '' deal . Well , almost all , I know it 's missing the Polynesian , and the African and what not , but it does offer a whole bunch of different dance styles ! I like the fact that Elsa repeats each movement over and over , and then you go back to the basic steps in between . It prevents me from stopping the workout and pausing and going back to get the steps right and figure out what I 'm supposed to do . Also , the ladies -LRB- the instructor and the others -RRB- are not wearing tight clothes showing their perfect bodies , making me feel less than adequate in the physique department . They are all slim and attractive and they wear these comfortable outfits , like something I could wear . I 'm still indecisive about the styles , but I do know I love to salsa !! Now that I 've gotten my feet wet , by myself in the privacy of my own home , I 'm going to get myself a partner and buy one of those other DVDs that teach you the whole thing so that I can go out dancing !!! ...
 I must be the queen of dance-based DVDs . I bought too many and promised myself `` never again , enough '' . However , when I saw Worlddance Workout , I figured , being a multi-tasker and cost-effective type of person , to give it a try , because of all the styles it offers.Unlike most of these women making comments , I am not a professional dancer , or dancer what-to-be . Never took a bellydance class and never will . Like to watch flamenco but never picture myself doing it . Took a few salsa lessons that where disastrous , zero experience with samba and never heard of the term bollywood until now.That being said I will just tell you that I truly like this DVD . For one thing , it did make me feel like following it rather than grabbing a bucket of popcorn and watching it . The reason ? First of all , the music is great.The changes come right on time before I get bored with each style , and neither Elsa nor the people dancing with her are obnoxious . Most importantly , I do n't have to hear somebody repeat the same thing over and over and because it 's all a voice-over , I do n't see Elsa moving her lips when I choose music only . To those who go on and on commenting on her performances , I have one word for them
 I was pleasantly surprised with this DVD . At first I thought Elsa was going to mix all the styles in the whole routine , but , she chose to keep them separate , which it 's great for those of us who care more for some of the styles , and nothing for the others . I 'm from Brazil and I 've taken bellydance classes , and I go salsa dancing with my boyfriend all the time . Elsa 's energy is just perfect for these styles that I 'm very familiar with , actually , her hips are awesome , that 's how it 's supposed to be done . The section I liked the least was the flamenco workout , but I do understand that it 's a workout , not a learning technique for those who want to perform . Her performances were right on . She kept the personality of each style intact . Her bellydance performance seems easy , but when I tried to learn it I realized it has a lot of stuff in it , the mazmoudi portion is the best I 've seen . In spite of some technical boo-boos -LRB- her performances in total darkness , some overexposure here and there -RRB- I think this DVD is a 5 .
 I was so thrilled to receive this DVD . It is just what the Universe ordered for me . Since I am busy teaching bellydance several hours a week it is so wonderful to put a DVD in and have someone teach me . I absolutely loved all the dance forms in this DVD and how they were presented . And I worked up a sweat working out with Elsa . She is very very good . And extremely talented as shows when she is dancing at the end of the DVD.I would highly recommend this to anyone who wishes to learn how to bellydance , bollywood , salsa , samba or flamenco dances . And it is a great workout also . Before you know it the DVD has ended and you get that wonderful chance to watch Elsa perform for you.Worth every penny and thanx Elso Leandros for doing such a wonderful job on this DVD.Dawna RobertsonSarnia , Ontario
 I am very pleased with this purchase!I was a bit apprehensive about buying this particular DVD . It just seemed like too many styles . I have to say that it exceeded my expectations . The selection of steps for each style are great . I actually took the time to check Elsa Leandros ' biography on the internet because I did not want to rely only on the reviews , whether positive or negative . Her background speaks for itself . This workout is a great `` sampler '' . It was a good purchase for me .
 I really enjoyed the variety of dance styles and the quality of the teaching -LRB- thank goodness it 's not cheesy -RRB- . The DVD has separate `` teaching '' sections where she demonstrates each move -LRB- it was slow enough for me , but my mom uses the slow-motion feature on our dvd player to watch this section -RRB- , and then a separate `` workout '' section where you are constantly moving . I like how the demo section is separate from the workout so the workout does n't feel slow and bogged down.Also , the DVD has the option of doing `` music only '' during the workout so once you get the hang of the moves you can perform them without the verbal cues.I liked how the instructor was in form fitting but not overly-revealing or gaudy clothes . It was easy to see her body movements without feeling like watching a stripper.Two minor things that I found annoying about this video :1 . The instructor does n't talk at all , she has a plastic smile and gestures with her hands like an airline stewardess while a voice narrates what to do . -LRB- But the voiceover does give clear cues -RRB- .2 . The two girls in the background look very awkward , but it is easy to ignore them and instead just focus on the instructor who has decent form . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I use this for days when I do n't feel like working out and yet know I need to get off the couch and get my body moving . It 's highly accessible , simple and sooooo much fun . Moreover , although it 's hardly a full scope of all the styles it 's made it easier to step into other world dance classes . -LRB- I 'm the star of my salsa class for example , and am now really into flamenco -RRB- . Elsa is very apprachable and really seems to be enjoying herself and aesthetically it works very much like a real dance class ... the dancers are n't overdressed , exorbitantly skinny and their smiles are genuine rather than caked.Of all my workout videos this one definitely gets the most mileage !
 It is an enjoyable work out if you enjoy dancing . it is not a quick workout if you are press for time , well over 30 minutes from warmup-workout-cooldown . There is a slight language barrier , she occasionally utilizes the wrong word to instruct you on what she would like you to do , but she is easy to follow , energetic and lots of fun . It is worth the buy .
 I saw Elsa Leandros perform with Bobby Farrah in Carnegie Hall many years ago . She looked great on that stage performing both flamenco and belly dancing . It was quite a surprise that she came out , after all this years , with a DVD . I tried taking classes with her , back when I lived in New York city , but they were too hard for me at the time . Her DVD is really good . I had no idea she could also do those other styles . In my opinion , however , I wish she 'd just stuck to bellydancing for this DVD.I really do n't care for salsa at all , and for samba I already have other DVDs . Flamenco is OK but it just is n't me . I 'm also taking away a star because the cooldown is not that great , sorry Elsa . Anyway , it was n't a waste of money .
 As a belly dancer I think it 's important to constantly review your technique & try to maintain clean lines while performing . Elsa 's teaching format helps me focus on all of this while giving me a fun workout . In addition I am able to incorporate some movements from other dance styles which I like to do to add some spice to my performances . I really love the music and Elsa 's down-to-earth personality . She is able to dissect more intricate movements and communicate them step-by-step . It 's also great to see all of the moves unite into a well-done performance at the end of each segment .
 This workout is a time effective way to both exercise and learn some dance moves that can be done easily on any dance floor . Learning this steps and following the workout was easy for me . There are plenty of other DVDs that offer a higher impact cardio exercise , others a more effective way to tone your abs , etc. . However , I personally find them too challenging and it takes more willpower to actually do this every day . With World Dance Workout , I just put it in Dvdplayer and before I know it , I 've gone through all the segments and I 'm sweating . Elsa 's dance backround is quite impressive and yet , i like the fact that she chose to keep the bonus performances low-keyed demonstrating the steps on the workouts , rather than trying to show off . Very classy .
 I was looking for a fun and exciting alternative to the gym and Elsa 's WorldDance Workout was my best bet . Not only did I get a great workout but I had a chance to explore various dances styles while listening to some great beats . As a belly dancer I wanted to get my feet wet with Bollywood while exploring other styles like Salsa & Flamenco . Elsa breaks down each step thoroughly making them easier to follow . Elsa 's fun and innovative teaching style makes learning exciting and memorable . I like that each dance style is taught separately and she goes one step further by breaking down each step slowly . I wanted to incorporate some fusion into my belly dancing so Elsa provides some great moves and unites them gracefully in her performances for each dance style . As well , this DVD is perfect for beginner dancers , providing just the right amount of challenge to keep those calories burning .
 I 'm so glad I got this DVD . It 's the most complete I have seen on the market , so far . There is enough material for practically everyone , not impossible for beginners , but challenging enough for those of us with some dance background , bellydancing in my case.Elsa is excellent . She has this great authentic smile and energy about her . That , combined with some really good music makes this workout lots of fun.What I see that that makes it complete , besides the workout itself , is the following features
 I found this to be quite a fun workout that kept me going non stop . Even though Elsa Leandros keeps the steps easy enough for beginners , she gives you enough material , even for those of us who are more familiar with dance.I can see why she teaches this program at the United Nations . Elsa is a seasoned dancer and teacher , as I can read in her biography , with the expertise that only comes with all the dance training from master teachers and the professional experience of working with the likes of the Gypsy Kings . Her choreographies , even though short , and I can see Elsa tried to keep them low-keyed because it seems that the main reason for them was to show the workout steps in action , were perfect.I 'd like to make an observation , being one of those people who like to read the reviews costumers post . I have noticed that whenever a DVD does really well , especially in the latin division , the lady artists get some undeserved extremely negative comments -LRB- Kathy Smith , Gloria Quinlan , Liza Nunziella , etc , etc -RRB- . And , -LRB- I 'm only speculating -RRB- I wonder if the competition has anything to do with it.Back to this DVD . Overall I find it to be very well executed , in all aspects . Highly recommend it .
 At first it seemed to me that perhaps Elsa Leandros was spreading herself too thin with so many styles . Great dancer that she is , she handles each dance quite well and she keeps the `` flavor '' of each intact . I tried to follow the workouts , but I found myself going back to the instructional part of the DVD . It did make it a lot easier for me to learn the steps . Elsa looks like she 's having fun in the workouts with her beautiful smile and energy , and yet , you do n't have to hear the constant words of encouragement you hear on other DVDs . The ladies behind Elsa are all quite lovely and pleasant to watch . I like the fact that I 'm learning a little bit of this and a little bit of that as I exercise . I only wish the workouts were longer than the 7 or 8 minutes each .
 Not being a world traveler like Elsa , I can not afford to go to all kinds of teachers like she has done in her lifetime . I am fascinated by different cultures and I happen to like the different selections that Elsa has chosen to turn into 8 minute workouts . At first I only did my favorites , belly dancing and Bollywood , which I thought were the most feminine . As I put more effort into the Flemenco and Samba -LRB- which I think are the most difficult -RRB- , I found myself also enjoying them too . The music is stimulating , no elevator music in this dvd . I know I can not look like some one who has been dancing as many years as Elsa has but it is fun ! I did find it rather odd that she never speaks that it is a voice over . I enjoyed all of the performances however I noticed that the salsa performance is edited out of sync .
 My daughter gave me this dvd and I really like it ! The steps are simple and easy to follow . The movements are fun and Elsa looks like she 's having fun . As a recreational dancer , I learned the movements quickly and was able to follow along . I recommend it !
 I 've bought tons of video workouts throughout my life , and this by far is the best ever . It is really easy to follow and fun to do . All the dances involved -LRB- Bellydance , Bollywood , Salsa , Samba , and Flamenco -RRB- make it so much fun that it does n't even feel like exercise -LRB- although I was huffing and puffing at times -RRB- . It has great warm-up and cool-down sections as well . This video is worth the money and I highly recommend it .
 The tutorial section is excellent , Elsa explains in simple words how to properly position each part of your body in order to follow her dancing steps , and standing with a mirror behind her really helps a lot when you are trying to guess if you should move left or right . I always thought I was beyond hope , but Elsa is a great teacher . I am looking forward to buying more of her dancing DVD workouts .
 This is one that I come back to again and again . I love , love , love , choosing my own dance combos and they make me sweat ! The bollywood is cheesy but hopping around to it is soooo fun . The flamenco is fun too , love to stomp around to it when I 'm feeling angry . The warm up is great , not many DVDs have a foot warmup . The cool down could be longer , so I just do some stuff on my own . There is stuff on this one that can challenge me and I 've done ballet -LRB- in my past life -RRB- for about 10 years . I would enthusiastically recomend this one .
 This DVD is worths it 's money ! . You learn every dance step by every step.Every movements is shown very clearly.Top ! You can learn all these dances just by following the instructions .
 This latest DVD from Husky Productions is an excellent cronical of all the love , work and sacrifice that goes into preparing to run the Last Great Race , the Iditarod . You will go along as 2008 Iditarod rookie Sven Haltmann trains his team , prepares food and gear for the trail , and actually runs the 1000 mile Iditarod . You will celebrate with him as he finishes under the burled arch on Front Street in Nome.The real stars of the film are Sven 's team of amazing Alaskan huskies who are always upbeat and ready to RUN !!! The love shared between dogs and musher is evident as are the bonds between Sven 's wife -LRB- a vet -RRB- , and the dogs.This is a must-have/must-see for anyone interested in dog powered sports and/or the Iditarod . The photography alone makes this film a winner .
 This new DVD by Husky Productions is better than outstanding . Ms. Quante is an artist with the video camera and very adept at working in appropriate stills that add to the depth of the film . Sven Haltmann , his wife , and their delightful huskies will steal your heart and have you cheering for them all , as their goals are met . Sven is very open about his methods of training , his love for his dogs and the support of family and friends . Sven will show you the 24/7 , 365 day schedule it takes to have sled dogs ready for what they are meant to do -- RUN . Sven 's smile is echoed by the happy husky grins and the eagerness of his dogs.If you love sled dogs or wonder about the sport of sled dogs , See You In Nome should have you hooked long before the end . The music , written and sung by Kyf Brewer is the frosting on the cake.This DVD takes a good look at this young man and his team -- they 're real and they 're on a mission to attaining their goals . It 's a must buy ! M. Daniels
 This video was very well done , informative , fun and a wonderful video of an Alaskan dog musher . Sven is very down to earth and loves what he does and it shows throughout the video . Donna has done an excellant job preparing , shooting and finalizing the video . All in all I would highly recommend this .
 Donna Quante has done it again with her latest video , `` See You In Nome ! '' Likeher first video , `` Pretty Sled Dogs '' , Donna gets you up front and personalwith a class act musher and his beloved dogs . Donna 's mastering ofvideo brings out the humbleness , yet dedication and motivation of Svenand the happy , contented nature of his dogs.You will also meet Sven 's wife , Andrea , a veterinarian and enjoy viewing herperforming a pre-Iditarod `` vet check '' on one of Sven 's dogs . Whilehighly entertaining , watching a veterinarian do this pre-raceexamination is also very educational ; an eye opener as to the pre-racemedical evaluation these dogs must undergo before being allowed torace the Iditarod.This excellent video starts by introducing you to Sven and his dogsand , you would think , ends with the crossing under the Burl Arch inNome . It does all that with outstanding style and clarity . However , Donna adds an extra bonus for you ; an in-sled interview with Sven.Yes , Donna focused her trusty camera on the dog team as they raceddown they trail . While you , the viewer , are watching thesemagnificent dogs enjoy their run on the snow pack , Sven is talking toyou , through Donna , answering Donna 's questions . This piece of videois in itself amazing , and worth the price of this video.When you `` get out '' of the sled , take time and read the credits andending comments that scroll by on the screen . Sven makes a veryimportant statement attesting to what I wrote above about his , `` humbleness , yet dedication and motivation '' . I had the honor ofmeeting Sven , and I can tell you his words are not just lip serviceto sell an exceptional video , they are true of the man , the musher , the dog lover.Sven expressed concerned that you , the video viewer , would experiencedifficulty understanding him due to his accent . I experienced no suchproblem , either in person or watching the video . My hearing leavesmuch to be desired , even with state of the art hearing aides.Besides being extremely entertaining , this video makes a very clearstatement regarding a man 's dedication to his dogs and the dogs ` dedication and unconditional love for the man . You can not go wrongadding this video to your collection . We , at the `` Howlin ' Rivers Home `` gave it a 4 paw + tail wag rating.EnjoyMike Dillingham , Author/OwnerRivers Books
 I do n't know if it 's because I was so enthralled and having so much fun watching this video , but it was a lot shorter than I expected -LRB- 72 minutes -RRB- The bulk of the DVD was spent on Sven 's preparation for the Iditarod -LRB- previous races and training -RRB- but there was very little footage of the Iditarod itself . I certainly do n't expect the camera to stay with him for 1049 miles , but I would hope that the photographer would have spent the effort to film him at checkpoints and the finish line at the very least and thus spend more time on a Rookie 's Journey to Nome.However , as a progressing musher , I thoroughly enjoyed what we did get to see , and to see the varying methods used by each musher . I struggled with 3 or 4 stars because for $ 20 it was less than I expected . However , I 'll stick with 4 stars just because I enjoyed the content , and certainly support the effort that was made .
 Of the numerous Iditarod videos in my collection , `` See You In Nome '' is my favorite and most watched -LRB- along with `` Pretty Sled Dogs '' also by Husky Productions -RRB- ! It 's so detailed and informative , dispelling completely any negative commentary I 've ever heard from ill-informed critics of the Iditarod . In this video , you 'll see , hear and understand the mushers ' total devotion to their dogs . It is not a hobby or vacation , but a lifestyle that includes the year-round training , love and care of Olympic-style athletes . Veterinarians explain the very thorough exams they give each dog . By the time the team reaches the Iditarod Start line in Anchorage -LRB- 2/3 into the video -RRB- , I am cheering for Sven and each dog by name ! And my chihuahua is barking , wagging , and ovaling the living room ! If you love dogs , you 'll love this video ! GO SVEN !!
 This film is excitement from the get-go . There is really nothing to dislike about this film , unless the Iditarod is of no interest to you . The young man in this movie is the epitome of mental toughness . He is a perfect role model for some of our misguided and struggling to find a purpose &#8212; youth .
 I appreciated the inside view of some aspects of the Iditarod . Now I want to know more . I 'd like to see a second chapter with personal information re
 Length :
 It seems that Leprechaun has lost his touch a little . He tries his luck in Las Vegas and he is n't very lucky . This movie is very funny , `` I like Indian food '' - says Leprechaun . The plot is easy to understand and the acting is not that sucessful . Caroline Willams stars in which adds a touch to the film . The killings are funny . All in all this movie is good , but it is not the best in the series .
 This one has to be the best of the leprechaun series . It has a pretty good plot and has some very good special effects to be a straight to video film . The first leprechaun is a good contender to this one , but it really blows 2 out of the water . With the good plot and the over the top gore I give this film 5 stars . Rated R for very graphic violence , strong language and a strong scene of sexuality
 While none in this series ever has surpassed the first Leprechaun , this installment will always be my favorite.Its bitingly hilarious , with cheesy effects , gore galore , and hilarious one liners . Its a must for any Davis fan , b-movie fan , or just want a good laugh . Highly recommended.And I just love his Elvis impression !
 Anyone who is a true fan of corny movies that are truly hilarious , this is the ultimate . Warwick Davis once again gives an excellent performance as the leprechaun who wreaks terror in Las Vegas . The leprechaun provides excellent comic relief to the seemingly brutal story line . I definitely recommend watching this one !
 This is by far the best of the series!It is also the funniest!He 's in Vegas and he 's fealing lucky!After his magic coin is lost the leprechaun goes after it killing any who have wished upon it!Now a boy who is bitten by the leprechaun is turning into one.The two battle to find the better leprechaun!Who will win , who will loose ?! For any horror or comedy collector this is a must have!The best scene is when the lep blows up a gal by inflating her lips , behind , and chest.A + !
 This dvd edition is ok but the german version by BMG is widescreen and has Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound but as far as I can see that edition is available nowhere
 My name is Stephanie Malina , and I reccomend this movie -- It 's suspensful , yet , humerous . My Uncle is John Gatins , and I am proud to have him as my uncle . Although I have n't seen him since I was six , I know he 's a great Guy !! And All of the films that he has done have been remarkable . If you want scary , watch either Leprechaun 3 , or Witchboard 2 . Also be sure to watch Varsity Blues which , he wrote the screenplay .
 this is one of my favorite movies.none of my friends like it because it wasnt scary and i am just like `` does it have to be scary to be a good movie ? `` i saw the first leprechaun and i thought that was my favorite movie because it was really hilarious so i went to the video store so i could buy it but i could only find the this one , the 3rd . so i got that and found it even more hilarious then the first ! i dont know why critics gave this movie only 1 star , probably for the cool killings.but that just makes the movie cool.and movie critics dont like cool movies !
 `` Leprechaun 3 '' is the second sequel in the series about a hideous little leprechaun who likes to kill those who take from his pot of gold . This one 's set in Las Vegas and features a young dude who gets infected with the Leprechaun 's green blood and starts to morph into a -LRB- taller -RRB- leprechaun himself.Although `` Leprechaun 3 '' plays it pretty straight it 's nigh impossible to take seriously due to the cartooney leprechaun ; consquently , the film is more comedy than horror . In fact , it 's not horrifying at all . But it IS entertaining , and that 's the name of the game.The first two `` Leprechaun '' movies were mildly entertaining , but nothing special . `` Leprechuan 3 '' makes up for that by somehow hitting all the right notes.As my title blurb would suggest , `` Leprechaun 3 '' is well worth watching or owning for the character of Tammy alone , played by the magnificent Lee Armstrong . It 's great to have an intelligent , winsome female protagonist with actual and natural curves , rather than the usual too-thin blondes with chicken legs and fake breasts . Lee blows them all out of the water and her outfit here only accentuates her appeal.Too bad she left acting behind the same year `` Leprechaun 3 '' was released -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , but at least we have this film to remember her awe-inspiring beauty.The film runs 90 minutes.GRADE
 This gets decent marks only for one reason
 LEPRECHAUN 3 is n't the best entry in the series , i admit , but it 's definately not the worst . -LRB- I 'll leave that title to the original . -RRB- Anyway , in this one , the Lep has been turned into a statue by an old man and he has a medalian around his neck . The old man brings the Lep into a pawn shop , and soon after he leaves , the pawn shop caretaker sees the Leprechaun 's pot of gold . He takes some , then takes the medalian off the Lep 's neck . Big mistake!The Leprrechaun is probably the meanest and nastiest in this movie . He really gives the pawn shop guy a bad beating and eventually kills him . After that , we meet Scott , a college student taking a short drive through Las Vegas -LRB- which is where the pawn shop is , by the way -RRB- and Tammy , a magician 's assistant at a casino . Tammy has car trouble , Scott helps her , and she ends up sneaking Scott into the casino.While Tammy is performing , Scott tries his luck at gambling . When he goes to pawn his atch , he finds the dead caretaker and a gold coin that the Leprechaun dropped , which gives him a winning streak after he wishes for one.Things eventually start to get scary when Scott meets up with the Leprechaun , but if you want more , see the movie . -LRB- 13 year old viewer . -RRB-
 This is a great movie for you if you love something different and dark . Great movie-dark fun . A must have for any horror collection . Great price , seller , product .
 Worth the one scene where the maniac Leprechaun , whose always on the run for a loose coin , takes it on a casino worker who used the coin to make a wish for revived beauty . She literally blows her wig , and bang goes the cellulite . Oh , man . If only the rest of the movie was just like this . Fortunitely , it rates quite well for the series , if not just for comedy sake . `` I wants me coin !! ''
 i thought it was awsome it was scary and funny.you see breats and more good stuff.WATCH IT
 Welcome to Vegas the odds are you wo n't leave alive!A college student and a young beauty have a gold coin!This makes the Leprechaun -LRB- Warwick Davis -RRB- pissed!He suddenly goes on a rampage on Las Vegas 's Fremont Street.The Leprechaun will gladly kill anyboby who crosses his path!KISS ME I 'M IRISH !
 fun , wacky , funny , exciting , and intelligent highlight every moment of this great and missed masterpiece . as long as you have a lighter side , you will appreciate this movie . a great script and dynamite direction by Trenchard-Smith . This movie is in my top 5 of all-time . Easily the best of the series . The only other one in the series I can recommend is Lep in the Hood , which is just a notch below this one .
 what a great movie ! The lepis back and funny as pie in this dousy it is worth the price of the rental . Its much better then 1 and 2 its the b4est in the series . i havnt seen 4 cause i didnt have another 2 bucks to buy it but im sure its nut as good as 3 what a moooovie
 this movie is not bad it is the better of the sequels , or better than 2 any way it 's funny as it allways is along with a polt which is good considering its a movie although 2 had none but 1 < 3 > 4 did im looking foward to 5
 This is the funniest movie I have ever seen and definetly the best of the Leprechaun movies ! too bad it went direct-to-video , I think it could 've gotten a lot of money !
 The leprechaun is in the gambling mecca of the world-Las Vegas . A shopkeeper buys a statue of a leprechaun with a red medalion around its neck . He is warned not to touch it but removes it and finds the statue gone but a pot of gold in its place . At once the leprechaun gets it back , brutally kills the shopkeeper , and terrorizes a college student and his girlfriend who are unlucky enough to find one of the coins . He also kills three others who used it.This is a horror laced with suspense and black comedy . It is great fun and definetly worth watching .
 WOW ! What a joy/scare Leprechaun 3 is ... I went into this moviethinking it was to be the worst of all times just to have it beingthe best of ALL times . This is funny and very SCARY at the same timeand our beloved GHOUL is in my hometown of Vegas ... Does it get anybetter than that ???? YOU BET IT DOES !!!! This movie is milesahead of the not to scary Texas Chainsaw Massacre -LRB- 74 -RRB- andmore plot driven than the overrated EXORCIST . This brilliantHORROR film is like a roller coaster that never lets up andnot as tedious and slow as Crapenters HALLOWEEN ! Make sure tobuy this GEM and not rent for you will be glued to your seatand not yawning like most people did with the badly actedSHINING ... . This has scares at every corner and brings youthe TERRIFYING leprechaun right from the beginning unlikeWuss Cravens Nightmare on Elm St. which took FOREVER to finallysee Freddy . How about directing you ask ? The director couldeasily take the camera from Dario Argento and say YOU WANT THE CAMERAHERE !!!! Yes my friends if you want TRUE HORROR and not candy cane70 garbage than buy LEPRECHAUN 3 ... And I pray you see the dawn !!!!!!! p.s.to all my friends ... APRIL FOOLS ... You could not pay me to seethis
 Being reminded of the good ol' Lep from Stanley Runk 's review of Leprechaun 1 - I would like to submit my review of my personal favorite Leprechaun movie - Leprechaun 3 - -LRB- or Davis takes Vegas whichever you choose -RRB- ! This is a truly chilling tale of terror , from the Elvis impersonators , to the main character turning into - guess what - a good ole Irish Leprechaun ! One thing you 've got to say about the Leprechaun series is that they 're FUN and very creative in their stories . The Leprechaun has been in the Hood , Vegas , Space , and who knows where they ` lll put him next . When did Freddy or Jason see that much action ? Did n't think so . I hope they make at least 10 more .
 My wife and I are KITH fans but , had not heard about this until 2013 . We purchased the season and watched the whole thing over a weekend . We really enjoyed it . Since it has a linear plot line , it is similar to Brain Candy . If you like KITH I suspect you will enjoy this . Dave Foley 's role as the Mayor 's Wife is classic .
 The Kids are back and they 're all right . Admittedly , this series which aired on IFC did n't receive very good notices from mainstream critics upon its initial release -- but perhaps it was this lack of expectations that caused `` Death Comes To Town '' to be a pleasantly goofy surprise . Sadly , I 'm not as young as I once was and , in many ways , I feel like I 've grown up with the Kids in the Hall . I 've followed their older shows , their individual careers , and I even saw them live about 10 years ago . So , for good or bad , I was investing time with `` Death . '' Perhaps not as laugh out loud funny as their most inspired work , `` Death '' has a pleasing silliness and is an appealing comic mystery.From its opening scenes , in which Death -LRB- Mark McKinney -RRB- disembarks from a bus in small town Shuckton , we know we 're in for an unconventional miniseries . The show , while always amusing , builds its premise over the episodes and its humor succeeds more and more as the characters are developed . When the mayor of Shuckton is killed , an innocent man is railroaded and the real culprit remains a mystery . Amidst all the turmoil and local politics , we 've got Death lurking around with a secret agenda of his own . Playing multiple characters , as is their trademark , the Kids acquit themselves nicely . I loved Dave Foley as the mayor 's ambitious widow -LRB- a dead ringer for Cybill Shepherd -- I swear it even if you think I 'm crazy -RRB- . McKinney is terrific as Death and Foley scores again as the town 's abortionist . By my favorite has got to be Bruce McCulloch 's big city prosecutor . The trial in `` Death '' is inspired and is successful in skewering both small town mentality and classic courtroom procedurals . And one poor cat will be the sight gag that I remember forever!I do n't think , ultimately , that `` Death Comes To Town '' is revolutionary television . But I was entertained and there was a nostalgia factor at work . I think `` Death '' is certainly more successful than `` Brain Candy , '' so that 's a plus . I would recommend this work to fans of the Kids -- I think , however , that they may divide on how worthwhile it is . Some will dismiss them as past their prime , some will embrace their continued lunacy . New viewers , without preconceived notions , may be pleasantly surprised . In an era of cookie cutter TV , at least this is n't standard fare . The Kids get a passing grade from me and extra credit for tying `` Death '' together will a fully plotted story . KGHarris , 10/10 .
 The Kids are back and they 're all right . Admittedly , this series which aired on IFC did n't receive very good notices from mainstream critics upon its initial release -- but perhaps it was this lack of expectations that caused `` Death Comes To Town '' to be a pleasantly goofy surprise . Sadly , I 'm not as young as I once was and , in many ways , I feel like I 've grown up with the Kids in the Hall . I 've followed their older shows , their individual careers , and I even saw them live about 10 years ago . So , for good or bad , I was investing time with `` Death . '' Perhaps not as laugh out loud funny as their most inspired work , `` Death '' has a pleasing silliness and is an appealing comic mystery.From its opening scenes , in which Death -LRB- Mark McKinney -RRB- disembarks from a bus in small town Shuckton , we know we 're in for an unconventional miniseries . The show , while always amusing , builds its premise over the episodes and its humor succeeds more and more as the characters are developed . When the mayor of Shuckton is killed , an innocent man is railroaded and the real culprit remains a mystery . Amidst all the turmoil and local politics , we 've got Death lurking around with a secret agenda of his own . Playing multiple characters , as is their trademark , the Kids acquit themselves nicely . I loved Dave Foley as the mayor 's ambitious widow -LRB- a dead ringer for Cybill Shepherd -- I swear it even if you think I 'm crazy -RRB- . McKinney is terrific as Death and Foley scores again as the town 's abortionist . By my favorite has got to be Bruce McCulloch 's big city prosecutor . The trial in `` Death '' is inspired and is successful in skewering both small town mentality and classic courtroom procedurals . And one poor cat will be the sight gag that I remember forever!I do n't think , ultimately , that `` Death Comes To Town '' is revolutionary television . But I was entertained and there was a nostalgia factor at work . I think `` Death '' is certainly more successful than `` Brain Candy , '' so that 's a plus . I would recommend this work to fans of the Kids -- I think , however , that they may divide on how worthwhile it is . Some will dismiss them as past their prime , some will embrace their continued lunacy . New viewers , without preconceived notions , may be pleasantly surprised . In an era of cookie cutter TV , at least this is n't standard fare . The Kids get a passing grade from me and extra credit for tying `` Death '' together will a fully plotted story . KGHarris , 10/10 .
 if u like pimps , hoes , an a 9 year old kid that wants 2 become a pimp ... this is 4 u. buncha other people give their voices 2 this , like william shatner , ludacris , and even jennifer tilly and carmen elektra even lend their voices . sum great 1-liners , and a s-load of valgarites . . u should definately check it out if u wan na have sum belly laughs .
 I RENTED THIS MOVIE NOT KNOWING ANYTHING ABOUT IT . I SAW THE WORD `` PIMP '' , AND SAID , `` I 'LL GIVE IT A TRY '' . AFTER WATCHING IT , I SAID , `` I GOT MY MONEY 'S WORTH '' . FIRST OF ALL , ALL THE MUSIC IN THIS MOVIE IS GREAT ! -LRB- BLAXPLOITATION MASTERPIECES -RRB- SECOND , THE ANIMATION IS OUTSTANDING !! -LRB- BETTER THAN PIXAR -RRB- LIL KIM IS EXTREMELY CONVINCING AS THE MAIN PIMP 'S BOTTOM LADY . BERNIE MAC GIVES A PEFORMANCE THAT MAKES `` THE MACK '' LOOK LIKE A CARTOON CHARACTER . LUDICRIS IS HILARIOUS AS THE LIL PIMP 'S PET RAT . PLUS , A BONUS IN THE MOVIE IS THE PERFORMANCE BY RUDY RAY MORE AS THE CLOTHING DESIGNER TO THE CITY 'S TOP PIMPS . DO N'T LET THE R-RATING STOP YOU FROM RENTING OR BUYING THIS MOVIE . IT 'S BETTER THAN ANY MOVIE THAT WAS NOMINATED FOR AN OSCAR THIS YEAR , OR ANY OTHER YEAR . I 'M PUTTING THIS MOVIE ON MY LIST AS ONE OF MY TOP TEN MOVIES OF ALL TIME . IF YOU WATCH THIS MOVIE ONCE , I PROMISE YOU THAT IT 'LL BE ON YOUR LIST , TOO .
 Well I have to say , I did n't even know about this film until a friend of mine brought it up when it was released on dvd . As soon as I did some research and seen who the cast was I was curious . Then I read some of the horrible reviews the film got by critics and I knew right away I had to get it . As we all know critics tend to bash the funniest films because they need to be politically correct . As soon as I got this dvd in the mail and watched it I laughed so hard I had to tell all my friends and now they all want it so Christmas shopping will be easy for me this year . Hehe , if you like comedy and you actually have a sense of humor , then this film is for you . If you ca n't take a joke then you should join the other reviewers in here that bashed this movie for a fruit cocktail . Pimpin ai n't easy .
 This was one of the coolest animated movies I 've ever seen . Bernie Mac , Lil Kim , and Ludacris were all hilarious . The animation looks great too . Totally different look than most cartoons . I highly recommend this to anyone that wants to see a comedy that 's different .
 Sorry for the delay - I 'm out of town at this time and I reviewed this last night but I must have forgotten to submit . The CD was in excellent condition and arrived in a timely manner.Thanks , Lorine
 If you are a Bernie Mac fan as I am , you will love this one . His voice is so recognizable ! The plot is absolutely stupid but I think that it draws its strength from it . Do n't take it too seriously , just watch with an open mind and trust me you will love it ... Bravo ! RIP B-MAC
 wHEN I FIRST HEARD ABOUT THIS ANIMATED VIDEO , I WAS DOUBTFUL BUT ONCE i ACTUALLY SAW IT I WAS LAFFING HYSTERICALLY.THIS IS NOT FOR CHILDREN AT ALL . MAD PROPS TO BERNIE MACK TRUE TO FORM WITH HIS COMEDY ROUTINES.TRUE IT 'S A BIT STEREOTYPICAL , BUT SO WHAT KICK BACK AND ENJOY . EVERYONE THAT HAS WATCHED HAS ENJOYED IT .
 I remember when this was in the works , some civil rights folks out in LA were already talking about boycotting and banning this.First of all , all that did -LRB- as it always does , will they ever learn ? -RRB- was make people curious about it and check it out in droves on DVD -LRB- in the words of Rocky the Flying Squirrel , `` But that trick NEVER works ! '' -RRB- . In either case , this movie is so wild and over the top that it is IMPOSSIBLE to take seriously . This is a bizzare -LRB- and admittedly imaginative -RRB- cartoon of a lonely white suburban kid who finds a father figure in a pimp named `` Fruit Juice '' -LRB- voiced expertly by Bernie Mac -RRB- . The Mac and a prostitute voiced by Little Kim -LRB- again , perfect casting -RRB- teach the boy about the Pimp game and about life in general.There could be concerns that like `` Soul Plane , '' this would be nothing but trashy stereotypes . Perhaps , but it 's a guilty pleasure with some really charming and funny moments . -LRB- The scene where the kid takes the Pimp and Little Kim to school for `` show and tell '' is a SCREAM ! -RRB- . Yeah , one could go on and on about stereotypes , the morality of a story involving children and pimping , etc. but unlike `` The Mack , '' `` American Pimp , '' ad nauseum , this film does not take itself seriosuly and is clearly just a comedy.Basically , leave your brains -LRB- and the kiddies -RRB- and all the analysis and sociology at the door for this one - get some of your buddies over for beer and pizza , and LAFF Your -LRB- posterior -RRB- OFF!BTW - It would help this DVD if they added some of the original web `` Lil Pimp '' cartoons as extra features , as was the case with the `` Undercover Brother '' DVD .
 Think of South Park meets The Family Guy , then use the theme of Pimps up , hoe 's down . LOL !
 When I saw Lil ' Pimp on the web back in 1998 , I knew that the names Brooks and Dilstrap would one day be synomous with likes of Scorsese , Speilberg and Kubrick . See you next year Oscar !
 I was skeptical at first when I saw the DVD cover , but I was more than pleasantly surprised when I sat through this divine comedy . The dialog was world class and the jokes delivered a one , two punch to my funny bone ! What a hilarious concept ! ; a naive young innocent white kid connects with a group of pimps and saves the day ! I was literally on the edge of my seat wondering how this movie was going to end . I know that audiences of all ages and tastes will identify with the main characters in this movie . It 's an emotional roller coaster ; I laughed , I cried , I was swept away . Kudos to the writer and the director for giving me 80 minutes of pure comedy bliss !!! Hey PIXAR !! , eat your heart out .
 My husband used to have this movie and recently realized it was missing . So we bought another copy , -LRB- I had never seen it before -RRB- and received it within a week . It came exactly as described , in great condition . The movie itself is definitely NOT for kids because of the raunchiness ... But it is a great movie !!! I laughed so hard . Two thumbs up !
 for grown ups only , rael funny movies . special guest rudy ray moore . i rate this 4-stars ****
 I love this film . I thought that it was real funny . I was told to watch this when I was stationed in Korea it started and I thought that this was going to be cheesy but it got good . If you dont like racist comments or bad language this is not the movie for you . NOT FOR KIDS .
 I truly enjoyed this movie , it was soo funny . I the quality of the disk that I received and the speed in which I received my order was awesome .
 I surprised myself with this . A friend and I watched this last night and we were in hysterics . It 's crude , sure . It 's gross at times , sure . But I guess small things for small minds -LRB- me -RRB- and I actually liked this . I love all things Bernie Mac . He 's great , and I did n't think I could go wrong with Bernie and animation . The ferret -LRB- Ludacris -RRB- was hillarious and in fact everyone did a great job . This is n't for everyone . I think you need to let go of your defences watching it , and whether you admit it or not , you will probably like it . It 's good escapism with lots of potty jokes , but put that aside and just enjoy the ride .
 As a student contemplating law school this is a very good program . I would n't call it `` lurid '' as the product description promises . The title however is apropos , because this documentary is very focused on passing the bar exam . There are discussions about the popular perception of lawyers , not much else about actual law practice .
 If you are considering law school it 's a must see . I am currently a law student and it really hits home .
 This movie takes me back to when I was preparing for the California bar exam . A must see for all law students , but be warned , it might freak you out a bit .
 If this video does n't sacre and motivate you , do n't even bother taking the bar exam!A Recipe for Religion
 This documentary is well made . It was intelligently put together . It did not get boring nor dull.I think any law student , graduate attorney and even non attorneys would enjoy viewing.The people studying for the bar on the doc are personable , for the most part.I would highly recommend this film . It was the first film I had ever watch on Amazon 's instant view and I thoroughly enjoyed it .
 I probably have a real soft spot for this movie , since the one and only time I was in Hollywood was with my family as a kid when this movie was being made . But it was n't just your typical movie location ! Of course we all wanted to see Hollywood Blvd and got there very early in the morning . What we saw blew us away . Basically the entire Viet Nam war was taking place . Literally . There were tanks and bombs and Viet Cong prisoners and marines , and men in top hats and tails dancing on the rooftops -LRB- I do n't remember that from Viet Nam , actually ! -RRB- , and Donald Sutherland all bearded and hippy looking , leading the `` parade '' crying his eyes out ! I just sort of knew , even as a child that this was NOT your typical Hollywood scene ! It was of course the famous Hollywood Blvd.-Viet Nam War dream sequence from Alex In Wonderland . The movie seemed to be following us around , since when we got to the airport , we saw , on the tarmac , ambulance and police and tons of people wondering around as if gassed , and bodies everywhere ! Again ... yes , a scene from `` Alex '' ! I tried to wonder as we flew back to Boston , how all this was going to make a movie . In fact , it almost does n't ... but this wonderful mess of a movie is filled with imagery and ideas , and self-indulgent moments of enlightenment . It reminds me of a coffee shop out here . They make something called Missy 's Mess . It 's scrambled eggs with about 15 other ingredients thrown in . Actually I 've been told that `` Missy '' throws in whatever looks good in front of her and just sort of fries it all up with lots of hot garlic , onions and hot sauce . It may look terrible , and you may not want to eat it every day , but oh , in the right mood ... it 's ambrosia ! That is , I think the best description of Alex In Wonderland . Of course , Mazursky is doing his version of 8 -LRB- and in fact has a wonderful moment where Alex goes to Italy to read a script and actually runs into Fellini who editing his TV documentary `` The Clowns '' and really has no interest in hearing from yet another `` young American filmmaking fan '' -RRB- ... but this is more than that . Mazursky had just come off several hits and had the power to make basically anything he wanted . The studios at the time really did n't have a clue -LRB- now they not only do n't have a clue , they do n't even now what game they 're playing -RRB- ... so they let him do what he wanted . Unlike so many other filmmakers who are given this freedom , Mazursky actually has talent and intelligence ... so that when he makes his personal movie with a major studio budget , it rings with so much more entertainment and eye candy . `` The Last Movie '' this is n't ! Disneyland on acid is more like it . Simply it 's a movie about a moviemaker in search of his next movie . So much of that has to do with Sutherland 's performance . He is not a man full of himself , but someone who understands with total sober clarity the `` fluke '' of fame , the power he has ... and how fleeting that power is in Hollywood -LRB- this movie was made long before the phrase `` flavor the month '' came into vogue -RRB- . And therefore , you really feel his worry , when he realizes that his next movie must be something good ... something important , or else he too will end up out of `` flavor '' , teaching extension courses in Fresno . Scene after scene delights with staggering honesty of the `` biz '' without getting too `` in '' about the whole thing . Yes , everyone talks about his shutting down Hollywood Blvd , and then staging the Viet Nam war on it , but perhaps the most brilliant scene is Sutherland going to see the head of MGM -LRB- played by Mazursky himself -RRB- . There have been dozens of scenes done before and since to show just why movies are as bad as they are ... basically because the people who make the decision are functionally illiterate , incompetent , and without any qualifications for the job . To watch Mazursky trying to convince Sutherland to make a `` modern day '' version of Huck Finn , or a just plain dumb `` heart transplant '' story -LRB- ironically , Sutherland made virtually that very movie years later called `` Threshold '' ! -RRB- is classic filmmaking of the highest degree . Sutherland 's reactions to this vapid shallow man , more interested in his pet monkey and wine collection that making movies says more about what 's wrong with the `` biz '' than volumes of text . But there are also scenes of wonderful `` control '' . Especially the long , slow , yet achingly naturally moments of Sutherland at home with his family . A sequence of him in his tub with his daughter , and another with his wife -LRB- a young Burstyn in her best performance -RRB- in bed , right after they 've made love ... ring so true and so universal to ANYONE with a family that it transcends a `` filmmaker 's odyssey '' , and becomes , instead , the odyssey of any man -LRB- or woman -RRB- who find themselves suddenly holding the brass ring and has no idea what to do with it.For anyone who loves movies , this is a must have . I never thought it would make its way to video ... so I 'm delighted to see it here . The nice coda to this movie is the fact that the REAL filmmaker , Paul Mazursky DID go on to make one great hit after another . It 's nice to know , even those `` Alex In Wonderland '' ends with Sutherland running through an empty house he may buy -LRB- and which could put him in instant debt -RRB- ... pretending to be Errol Flynn ... still without a clue what he 's going to do next ... that the REAL filmmaker 's triumphant , not only had a clue ... but the talent and the resources to back it up .
 this is a reconcilliation love story without matt dillon 's usual tough guy . he is all his natural sweetness in this movie and annabella scorio is great too .
 Love this movie . Had it in VHS , and was so happy the made it in DVD . Wish they would make more movies like this .
 I love this movie . I 'm so into movies that own many many many movies . I 'm into love stories , not , bloody movies . I like holiday movies . Thanks for this good grade movie . MR. WONDERFUL . is a great movie .
 This is a great story . This is not just a chick flick . It is a love story that guys can get into . Like Jerry McGuire this film views love as much from the guy 's standpoint as the girl 's .
 With so much on dvd and cable now I 'm catching up with some old movies . This flick could be considered a chick flick . The leads do a credible job but just did n't have that magic that makes movies like this work . The plot is of course almost ridiculous , but you have to ask yourself if you find that you are rooting for Sciorra 's and Dillon 's characters to get together . If so , then maybe the movie did it 's job . Personally I found Dillon 's characters to be superficial . His only goal was to invest in a bowling alley . Sciorra has more depth but then her character is involved with her married professor . Parker makes the most out of her role as Dillon 's girlfriend who realizes that he still loves his ex-wife . Still the movie carried the romantic notion that 2 people in love will find their way back to each other . Not stellar , but if you 're in the mood this may fill the bill .
 I could watch this movie over & over again . Matt Dillon & Annabella Sciorra are adorable in this film . It 's a great love story .
 This is a feel good movie that proves love can conquer all ! Plus , you get to look at Matt Dillon for an hour and forty minutes ... need I say more !
 THis is an excellent DVD - in mint condition and met my expectations and was very reasonably priced .
 Marone ! Some of these reviewers just do n't get it . You realize from nearly the beginning , despite Matt 's woodeness , that Gus and Lee never sbould have split . When she left , Gus hoped she 'd come back and Lee thought he 'd have called . Nonetheless , while he 's trying to fix her up so he can stop paying alimony and put up his share to buy the old neighborhood bowling alley , Rita , Gus ' new girl ; Dominic ; Lee 's new guy ; Gus ' friends and family all realize that Gus & Lee still care about each other and ultimately are still in love . Despite William Hurt 's professore ' performance you knew he was a heel and despite D'Onofrio being the really sweet pharmacist he is , you know that Gus & Lee only argue because of the passion they do n't want to unleash due to the hurt they felt , still feel . They 've known each other since childhood , for God 's sake ! I do n't know if you have to be Italian or Catholic to get this movie , but it might help . I love this film , but then I love Annabella Sciorra .
 a very enjoyable although predictable romantic comedy with good performances from Parker , Dillon , Sciorra , Hurt , D'onofrio and a cameo appearance by Gandolfini in his pre Sopranos days .
 This is the movie i remember watching on tv when it first was released and thinking ... `` wow that was so entertaining '' Matt Dillion plays the part well as the Ex that is trying to move on with his girlfriend from his ex wife played by Anabella Sciorra.Without actually watching the whole movie the first time i knew these two characters still were in love . Hated each other for the demise of their marriage but loved each other deeply and Italian pride just played a huge part of them divorcing and going their separate ways.A must see movie for all the romantics and all those who can genuinely relate to this story . The struggles and complications of certain relationships between couples , ex couples , family and friends.A pleasure to watch , i recommend this to anyone who wants to just sit down , relax and watch a feel good movie .
 This is a great date movie that really shows how bad a guy wants to get to know a girl . Guy has girl , loses girl , sees girl happy with the new guy , and then wants her back again . This movie works in that this guy , -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- , is thinking more with his heart then with his head . He obviously does n't do anythind stupid or dangerous . He is only a romantic who wants to have his ex-wife back into his life . Nothing wrong with that . Watch the movie and see what happens .
 This is a sweet and charming film ; only the ending disappointed . The entire film and premise was so different from other romantic comedies , and the leads and supporting cast are fantastic , but the typical overly sugarcoated ending ruined it . I expected better considering the rest of the film . Overall though , this one is recommended over recent Hollywood romantic comedies . It definitely made me smile .
 The characters in this movie grow up and grow apart . But when they realize they 've both changed they start growing closer to one another without realizing it ! Wonderful spring-summer type movie ! Especially with a date !
 This is a tremendously insightful teaching.This is far from religion ... this is reality.This teaching gives insight into spiritual reality.It helps one understand how Jesus Christ operated in the miraculous while he was on the earth and how we can do the same ... this is Christianity !!!!
 This film is extremely RARE !!! Never before on DVD !!! -LRB- this is the first time -RRB- . It 's a low-budgeted film , but , the lovely Jayne Mansfield , makes up for that . The film tells a very witty story , about two stage performers making the motion picture d&eacute;but . IF YOU ARE A '' `` JAYNE MANSFIELD '' '' FAN I HEAVILY SUGGEST YOU BUY THIS FILM WHILE IT 'S STILL AVAIABLE !!!!
 If you did not know the affects of your attitude on you body 's health this is worth while reading . Attitude is everything . Dr Sternberg did a remarkable journey to prove its value in her life . It works for me .
 I was delighted to come across Dr. Sternberg 's video . As a behavioral scientist myself who works with human behavior in the workplace - i found that her program could have huge implications for managing the stress within the work context - what if there are things that employers can do to actually make people `` heal '' - or `` thrive '' ? Good health is a necessary condition for workers to perform at their jobs . Perhaps we should focus on that first , instead of other bogus means to enhance a worker 's performance . Can we build better spaces that make the sense of ease that a worker could feel be the `` default '' setting ? I am eager to explore some of these concepts in my own living lab .
 This was enjoyable , and full of lots of great information . I already knew most of it since this is an area I have studied for some time . But , it was a nice refresher and was entertaining to watch . I recommend it !
 This is a funny and warm show , I love it , I WISH amazon would put seasons 1-3 on aswell , I know I would buy all of them !!! wonderfull show ! please please please amazon put the other seasons on !!!
 I really like this show . I wish I could watch it on TV . I want Amazon to put seasons 1-3 . I will buy all of them . It is a very funny sitcom .
 I loved this episode and was sad that it was the last show . This was a very nice , funny show . Sad that they canceled it .
 I miss All of Us on tv . This is a favorite episode and I could watch it again and again
 My two year old and four year old have had this movie for a week now and have watched it a dozen times already . They love the new characters , Splasher and Bristle . These are brand new episodes , never before seen on TV .
 My 2.5 yr old loves Bob and the gang . He likes this DVD , too , but I think the cover and title is misleading . I thought it was one big movie -LRB- like Snowed Under -RRB- , about Bob building a beach . But it 's a 5 episode compilation , and not all beach stuff either.Episodes : Lofty 's CometSpud and the HotelTumbler 's Perfect PromenadeClean as a WhistleSuper SplasherThere is a nice Bonus Feature with an episode of Fireman Sam `` Danger , Falling Sheep '' ; and Fifi and the Flowertots `` Stingo Gets Stuck '' .
 Kids -LRB- ages 3 & 5 -RRB- enjoyed this the first time , but did n't have a lot of interest in watching it again and again . If your child is obsessed with Bob the Builder , then they will love this movie . Otherwise , it 's very similar to a lot of the Bob the Builders that were made prior .
 My nephews -LRB- who love anything with trucks -RRB- love Bob the Builder . In fact , so do I . They are very entertaining and teach great lessons . Whenever someone makes a mistake , they apologize and do what they can to correct it .
 I simply bought this very cute preschool episode for my 4-year-old grandson while traveling , so he can view it on my computer .
 Again another product for my grandson who really likes Bob the builder and watches them everyday , in fact the catch phrase which is used in the DVD 's motivates him . when you say Can with fix it YES WE CAN really gets him going with a smile very time Thank you . Arrived in good condition and before the actual delivery date . Great product very happy.Jean Lewis
 This is a great dvd . My son loves it and it was at a great price with supper fast shipping . Thank You for offering it .
 This DVD was great for my grandchildren.It introduce new character 's and it was lots of fun.My grandchildren are 5 years old and 2 years old and they both love it and ask for to see again and again .
 Anikruya is delightful film . Children can watch this one safely and Adults will appreciate the story.The effects are wonderful and the music is inspiring . I 'm glad I bought this film .
 I forgot about this film until recently . I 'm a John Carpenter fan , and this film goes along the path of Escape from New York and Big Trouble In LIttle China . Aside from some fashion and music moments , this film is somewhat timeless , especially with today 's headlines involving the government and unemployment . Rod Piper is great in this role , and surprised he did not follow up with more roles along this genre . Some cheesy lines , but they are memorable and good fight/action scenes . Keith David is also great in his role . Enjoy this for some cheesy action but still entertaining and fun .
 Accurately sums up the corporate domination of the culture today . If you know any Shepard Fairey fans who like to wear those OBEY T-shirts , make sure they see this . Rowdy Roddy Piper 's best role for sure .
 oh yes they live on dvd makes mr piper all the more accesable to the homes of the masses . now put on yer glasses and have a good time
 Perfect . It almost doesnt look that same as I was used to the old grainy look of the film . Highly recommended for buying this on blu ray .
 If you are a fan of this movie , get it on blu-ray . I was amazed at the video quality , truley looks HD which is amazing considering how old it is .
 Excited about this as it 's one of my all-time favorite films , but should n't this be a 2:35 or 2:40 aspect ratio ?
 They Live simply out is one of the best movie homages to B Movies . From references to invasion of the body snatchers to many others , the film is simply amazing . The special effects were n't the best but that 's part of the charm . Legendary Pro Wrestler `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper shows off his acting ability and spouts some awesome one liners . More importantly , though this film is a homage to many B Movies , many movies and TV shows since have referenced this film . The South Park episode Cripple Fight did a fight scene that mimicked the fight in the movie . According to Wikipedia , if the audio from the film is synced up , then it matches the animation perfectly.This film is truly a classic of many genres .
 This is in my top 5 best movies of all time . The fight scene . Wow . Yes it is cheesy but lock the doors , turn off your cell phone and WATCH THIS MOVIE . It is old but if you focus it will educate you with some of the same problems we face today in life . I am so happy it is on blu-ray soon just like I am dying for Creepshow 2 since the 2nd story , -LRB- The Raft -RRB- was filmed here where I live , Heaven on Earth , Prescott , AZ. . Stop by and say hi to me if you are in Prescott and decide to stop by Costco ... : -RRB- It will really educate you if you focus ... : -RRB- You will not hear this much from me but I sincerely believe that John Carpenter is a genius .
 I 'm surprised by this movie , I gave it 5 stars cause I saw nothing wrong with it.You should see this if your not all that picky .
 It is so obvious that the idea for the game Half Life 2 came from or was at least influenced by this movie . The aliens , brutal police force , humans betraying their own for profits , and the portal at the end are just a few details.For those of you that do n't play Half Life 2
 They Live is an excellent movie on several levels after you break through the trappings of looking at it as just what is shown , and see the larger picture . It is a fun movie to watch . Not being terribly long , it gets to its point fairly directly , and it does not hem and haw around with multiple subplots that do not matter to the end point of the movie . On another level , it has several elements to it that make it `` serious '' . It makes a statement that humans have the potential to live not in reality , but in an artificial reality created by others . The statement `` When you get more than two humans together in one place , the average IQ of the group drops by one point for each person after two '' applies -- just imagine every human together , sleeping away in blissful ignorance of the fact they are just livestock . As Charles Fort said , `` The Earth is a farm . We are someone else 's property . ''
 As a true Carpenter fan , love this movie . The blu-ray is definitely worth the double dip upgrade from the previous dvd . Lot 's of bonus features , 4/5 PQ , 4/5 AQ . Highly recommended . One odd thing is there is no chapter selection from the menu screen . My player 's remote chapter skip moved the movie in big chunks -LRB- seemed like 20 minute intervals -RRB- . There is no `` resume play '' on this blu-ray -LRB- more common than not -RRB- . Please chime in if I 'm not finding some secret/hidden chapter selection function .
 They Live -LRB- 1988 -RRB- is among a series of cult classic films directed by John Carpenter in a 12-year stretch from the mid 70s to the late 80s . This one feels like his best . Made for next-to-nothing , with a cast of virtual unknowns , and cheap-looking -LRB- yet somehow cool ! -RRB- special effects , the movie on the surface seems like any other 80s campfest . But from the start , it paints a very bleak picture that the world is in dire straits , being slowly drained of it 's humanity and individuality due to rabid consumerism and capitalism . A street preacher and pirated broadcast are the 2 main voices of doom , warning the world that the apocalypse is near.Enter our hero , a character whose name we never know , played exceptionally well by former wrestling star Roddy Piper . Piper 's character is homeless and drifts into the big city looking for work . He gets a job as a construction worker and is befriended by a fellow down-and-out compadre -LRB- effectively played by Keith David -RRB- . The 2 men develop a convincing connection as they can relate to each other 's plight . Pretty soon Piper 's no-name character discovers a secret underground that is battling an almost invisible enemy ... aliens walking around looking like humans . The only way to really `` see '' them is through special sunglasses created by the underground rebels . Also , we `` see '' subliminal messages everywhere
 If you have found the special sunglasses then you know what this movie is about .
 It 's unbelievable that John Carpenter would come up with excellent films like Halloween or Starman , and he would come up with something so hilariously bad as They Live . And I 'm not giving this a one star rating , it deserves a full five stars ! This is the kind of film you 'd wish was on Mystery Science Theater 3000 -LRB- I only wished MST3K had rights to even more films , or was n't cancelled when it did -RRB- . The film was obviously a satire on the yuppie movement of Reagan-era America , this movie having been released in 1988 , just as the Reagan-era was coming to an end . Of course , what makes a cheesy movie is to have a WWF wrestler as your main actor . In this case , `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper , who , in the previous year was also in another really hilariously bad film called Hell Comes to Frogtown . Are you disturbed by the widening gap between the rich and the poor ? Do you think the yuppies are self-centered , materialistic and status-obsessed ? Do you think there 's little future for the poor and working class ? Wonder why there 's so little regard for the environment , or why there seems to be a mass of mindless consumers ? Well , in this film , you find out , just by wearing a pair of special sunglasses , which reveals them to be alien zombie yuppies ! -LRB- I could only imagine if this film was done a decade later , and one puts on those sunglasses while at a Wal-Mart -RRB- . And when you wear these glasses , you get to see the true meanings behind those billboard signs and advertising -LRB- `` Obey '' , `` Consume '' , `` No independant thought '' , etc. -RRB- . The violence in this movie is the most unbelievable I ever seen in my life , including an extended fistfight -LRB- many of them including professional wrestling moves like bodyslams , which is no surprise , given Piper 's background in the WWF -RRB- , and tons of machine guns . You know life could n't be as easy as this film in knowing who your enemies are . Carpenter wanted a scene where Ronald Reagan was one of them , but he backed on that idea , knowing that would be too controversial . But there was a scene in the health food store where Nada -LRB- Piper -RRB- was watching the television and there was a politician -LRB- that was an alien -RRB- , who way saying , `` It 's a New Morning in America '' that had Reagan 's hairdo , said the same kind of things Reagan would say , but sounded absolutely nothing like him.Unfortunately the DVD really do n't feature anything new if you already own the VHS . There 's no outtakes features , no interview with John Carpenter in regards to the film . The only reason you might need this DVD is the convenience of DVD -LRB- no having to wait an endless period of time to get it rewound , none of that wear and tear that VHS would have through the years of play , and the scene selection feature making it easy to get to your favorite part -RRB- . This is a truly unbelievable film , it really deserves to be seen .
 I stumble across this movie one night , many years ago , while watching television , and I was fascinated by it . This film is a great , original , wacky and well done story of an alien invasion . It plays light and simple , yet it keeps you amused and curious on what is going to develop . Overall
 They Live is a sci-fi movie about aliens trying to take over the world and colonizing it through the media . It starts slow but when Piper 's character finds a pair of special sunglasses that allows him to see the reality of society , that 's when the fun starts and never lets up . The story is excellent and the script reflects well with some of the best one-liners . . `` I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass , and I 'm all out of bubblegum '' . The ending though is abrupt and makes little sense and the cast is more or less forgettable with the exception of Roddy Piper and Keith David who give great performances . They stage one of the longest , and best fight scene in movie history . Overall , an enjoyable 80 's sci-fi flick that really gets you laughing . They Live is one of Carpenter 's best films definitely a must see for everyone !
 ... And I 'm all out of bubblegum ! These auspicious words uttered by Roddy Piper never rang so true . This film despite being trashed in reviews and basically ignored by the general public is a classic to say the least . within the first fifteen minutes i was hooked . The fight scenes between piper and the aliens , piper and his protege , and the final scene with piper holding up the one legged peace sign , has got to be some of the best action in the history of film.it 's like `` putting perfume on a pig '' to say that this film was a great piece of art or film nouveau , but as far as entertainment and excitement goes , this one is a classic . one of rowdy roddy piper 's greatest achievments since body slamming the hulkster , and one of the best cult films in existence . Bring this back for DVD production ! Buy it , rent it or follow the advice from another review , rent it an never return it . Hard to find , but easy to love !
 I think that John Carpenter was trying to portray more than aliens taking over in this movie . It seems to me that most of the aliens in this movie are conservative Republicans , which makes me wonder the true intent of this movie . It was released during Reagan 's presidency and it could be a response to the Reagan era.It is a very funny movie , no matter what the meaning of it is . Roddy Piper is hilarious as a drifter who comes into LA looking for work and makes a very interesting discovery . He finds that when he wears a pair of sunglasses that he finds that many of the people that we see are actually aliens and that people are being brainwashed by hidden messages in billboards and magazines . The message of the movie is very strong and it is enjoyable action .
 Would you expect a low-budget action flick to actually be a clever satire over the Reagan-era and capitalism itself ? Well , that 's what you get from this priceless gem of a film , directed by the great John Carpenter . It features some great bits of black comedy -LRB- Piper takes s look at money with his special glasses to see the subliminal message and it reads
 If like me you are a Carpenter fan , then some of the previous iterations of his movies on home video have been a big disappointment . From the early panned and scanned VHS to the less than stellar DVD releases many of his titles have been let down by their releases.This release of They Live goes way beyond putting things right ; firstly let me say that the print is stunning . It looks like it was shot yesterday . Colours are clear and vivid but not overblown . Detail is excellent and whilst some pleasing film grain is present it does not take over the picture.The sound is similarly good throughout and you get a commentary carried over from the laser disc and DVD versions.The extras are interesting - and best of all is a short but fascinating monologue by actor Keith David - the first time Ive seen him as himself and my only regret is that the piece is not longer as he comes across as charming and interesting . THere 's some other new material although sadly not featuring Roddy Piper.Its worth the price of admission for Carpenter 's interview and his reaction to the question &#34; Did you ever consider cutting the duration of the fight ? &#34; &#34; * $ @ * No ! &#34; is his brilliant reply.A word of warning to UK and non Region A buyers - this disc is frimly region locked so you will need a Region A or multi region blu ray player to watch it .
 This has always been on of my favorite John Carpenter films . I think after viewing this blu-ray , it is now my favorite . Remarkably , the films political stance nearly 25 years ago is still spot on today . Funny how , after so much progress in the US , nothing has really changed.Luckily , the film does n't force any politics on the viewers . If you 're looking for an entertaining sci-fi action flick , that 's exactly what you 'll get.The HD transfer looks good - I 'd give it a 3.5 out of 5 - and the extras are top notch . Only complaint is the star Roddy Piper only participates in an audio commentary with Carpenter . I would have loved an on-camera interview with him.Still , this is a must - own and a shinning example that Shout Factory are the best home video company around .
 I 've been holding off on getting the bare bones DVD of They Live for years now as it 's been known that Carpenter and Roddy Piper recorded a commentary track for an upcoming special edition release nearly a decade ago . The film looks as good as it ever will . The fact is this was a film made on the cheap , and at times it shows , but thankfully the low budget actually adds to the B movie feel of the film . To my untrained eye the transfer looks great on my LG 55 &#34; running through a PS3.This is not a jam-packed Special Edition as there 's just not that much vintage material available , but what material is on the disc is great . New interviews with Carpenter , Keith David -LRB- Frank -RRB- , Meg Foster and many behind-the-scenes crewmembers offer some great insight into the film , but oddly Roddy Piper is totally absent . This is odd for the fact that he did take part in the commentary track and does make himself available for interviews , but again the commentary track was recorded many years ago while the new interviews look fairly recent , so maybe he just was n't available at the time . Edited throughout the new interviews are some vintage making-of and behind-the-scenes footage.Overall this is the best Special Edition for this film we could have hoped for . Finally , the blu-ray features a slip-cover with newly made design art . It 's got that wonderful B movie feel to it , and to top it off the makers poke some fun at retailers HORRIBLE habit of placing advertising stickers all over slipcovers with a simple white BUY sticker , a wonderul touch . My only true complaint is that I wish the original poster art would make been on the actual blu-ray case under the slipcover . An extremely minor complaint , just a personal preference . Overall this a great package that I ca n't recommend enough.DO NOT QUESTION AUTHORITY
 Finally shout/scream factory releases this classic cult film . . dont read neagative reviews on this , this is the best it will ever look . . bravo shout !
 item was priced well , shipped fast in extremely save and protected manor , When the time arises again if I need something else from this shipper I will go back to them .
 FYI : If you have a player that plays PAL , I suggest you pick up that version.Unlike the American versions ... it has a nice Commentary with Carpenter and Piper -LRB- even though Piper 's constant laughing becomes tedious -RRB- ... and it also has a short `` Making Of . `` UPDATE -LRB- 9-30-10 -RRB- : I just noticed a few quasi-Easter Eggs . I usually do n't check out the `` biographies '' on these discs because they are usually fairly boring text ... but the Bios on the PAL version are little mini `` Making Ofs . ''
 YAY , Roddy Piper , alien adventure , kik-ass action , great actors.A must have for action , scifi fans
 I first saw They Live on DVD , as I completely missed it in the theaters . I enjoyed this four star sci-fi flick and thought -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that it must have been a complete failure in the theaters even with sci-fi fans . However , I just noticed that Amazon.com 's sci-fi fans did indeed enjoy this film . I recently re-screended it and felt compelled to note that it was ahead of its time as far as large scale conspiracy stories are concerned . This theme , which has now become very common in sci-fi and horror , was employed in many recent movies since the mid-90 's to date .
 there is a anoying syntazizer sound that is played throughout the movie it gives me a headache , i love the movie but that sound makes me hate watching it .
 great movie to base a video game on , such as it did with Duke Nukem , one of the top sellers for a long time . soon there is a Duke Nukem movie coming out in theatres , I wonder if it will have tie ins with the original They Live . but I love this movie , I never get tired of seeing it , and I think it was clever to get that dumb lookin guy to be Duke .
 Back in the 1980 's , the liberals in Hollywood made a lot of attempts to try to make Ronald Reagan and his economics and policies look bad . For example , the very bad movie , The Day After , was done very badly . Unfortunately , that one was not even enjoyable.So , years later , here comes They Live . John Carpenter even admits in his interview that Reagan and Republicans were his targets with this movie . It is so cheesy that you have to laugh at this movie . Roddy 's poor acting was so funny . The fight scene was definitely too long but enjoyable for what it was.I think that the most laughable is that John Carpenter is one of the `` evil rich '' , and he just made a movie about himself since he is clearly one of the ` haves ' instead of the ` have nots ' or the 1 % - whatever you want to call it.If you are liberal / statist / communist / socialist / Obama voter , this movie is made for you.If you are conservative and belive that all the above groups are out of their minds , this movie is worth the good laugh you will get from it . They truly believe everything in it which probably explains why Obama was reannointed for a second reign of tyrrany .
 This is just like what is happening to us now , only the people controlling us all are n't bug eyed monsters . . they are just ugly humans ! This movie is awesome , you will enjoy it if you like watching movies about what is really happening in the world today -LRB- another good one is `` Brazil '' -RRB- . Most people are blind to what is going on in the world today , with new world order politics being snuck into daily living . Just like in the movie , but instead of having to use special glasses to view what is going on , you just need to go online ! Especially prophetic is the invisible ` spy ' plane type things that are floating around , monitoring people without their knowledge . The military are actually working on cyborg insects that are implanted with tiny cameras . Horray for nano technology ! Thankfully there are many heroes out there like Roddy Piper in the movie that are helping to expose these evil bug eyed bilderberg NWO types to the world . Get this movie if you want to be reminded of what is going on right now . And pick up the book 1984 while you are at it ! Great flick !!!
 In spite of the fact that the film 's protagonist , Roddy Piper -LSB- Nada -RSB- , wears his pants too high and gets far too many crotch and butt shots for my liking -LSB- the film was shot in 1988 , which might explain things -RSB- , `` They Live '' is a campy scifi epic about a down-and-out construction worker who finds a pair of sunglasses -LSB- cheap sunglasses , actually -RSB- that enable him to witness an extraterrestrial invasion of earth.With this in mind , your suspension of disbelief will be pushed to its limits . But if you hang on loing enough , it just might change the way you view the world.Orwellian in theme , the film utilizes repetitive and primitive symbols , words and simplistic character sketches to portray a world in the throes of succumbing to brainwave manipulation -LSB- think subliminal advertising , which works , by the way -RSB- , set up by extraterrestrials as a humane way of getting what they want from earth without actually killing anyone.Everything - except for the aforementioned jeans worn by Nada - remains relevant today . Commercials that attempt to manipulate perception of reality . An overwhelming and omnipresent federal government . Capitalism gone arwry . Selling out everyone for personal gain . The list goes on.In the end , the film 's campiness , lack of subtlety and over-the-top superficiality mirror the very advertising that drowns out our sense of humanity.So I guess the aliens won , given out current state down here on earth .
 This movie was , is , and will always be a must see . Truly amazing , a work genius featuring one of the greatest fist fights ever captured on film . Watch this movie , obey .
 A John Carpenter movie is a lot like a Big Mac -- not the most gourmet of offerings available , but almost never unsatisfying . `` They Live '' is among his lesser-known gems , a high-concept if low-budget sci-fi outing that pits Carpenter 's counterculture sensibilities against the rabid consumerism of the 1980s . Here , wrestler-turned-actor Roddy Piper shines as a drifter who stumbles upon a terrifying secret
 So says one character in `` They Live , '' a witty , incisive satire aimed at Reagan-era politics and delivered by an unlikely source
 KICK ASS ! KICK ASS IS THE ONLY WAY TO DISCRIBE THIS FILM . I 'VE LOVED PIPPER EVER SENSE I WAS A KID -LRB- F. . . HOGAN ! -RRB- HE 'S ONE OF THE FUNNIEST WRESTLERS OUT THERE AND MAKES FOR A GREAT MOVIE HERO . PIPER IS AN AVERGE JOE OUT OF WORK WHO FINDS OUT SOME X-FILE $ HIT IS GOING ON -LRB- ALIENS -RRB- AND HE AND ANOTHER OUT OF WORK BUDDY OF HIS -LRB- KETH DAVID -RRB- PULLS A `` JOHN WAYNE AND TAKES THEM ON ! ... ANYWAY , THIS IS ONE OF JOHN CARPENTER 'S BEST AND MOST UNDER RATED FILMS OF ALL TIME , A CLASSIC ! THEY INFLUENCE US , THEY DUMB US DOWN , AND CONTROL US WITH OUT US KNOWING IT ... AND JUST BECAUSE SOME OF US ARE PARANOID DOES N'T MEAN THERE NOT OUT TO GET US ! ... DID I SAY YET THIS IS A CLASSIC ?
 I am surprised at how many people seem to take this movie at literal , face value . Even in the reviews here , some people seem to critique it as if it were a documentary.The S-F/X are a bit dated , but still effective in the context of the movie . Conspiracy throries run amok in this movie
 Made as the Reagan era came to a close , this film not only has strong political undertones , but religious and philosophical connotations as well . Carpenter emphasizes the B-film aspects of his movie - outrageous violence -LRB- and a well-known wrestler to play the main character -RRB- , elaborate make-up effects , aliens , etc. as much as he can , so that the film 's subversiveness is sufficiently hidden . Masquerading as a routine invasion story , it portrays a society whose members blindly accept all of the implicit materialist/capitalist messages thrown their way ; the only resistance is offered by those who do n't fit in that money-oriented mold - a blind preacher , the poor , some dissident intellectuals . Many religious and philosophical grids can be used to read this movie - Hinduism 's doctrine of maya , Plato 's cave , Gnosticism
 John Carpenters film `` They Live '' is right on target as to the troubles and strife we seem to be generating for each other in our modern world . This DVD will make you think about the seemingly inexplicable ebbs and flows in our society as no other disk in your collection can . Carpenters metaphor reflects our own world which has become dominated by aliens/liberal elites utilizing high-tech propaganda 24/7 in every media outlet and on most flat surfaces -LRB- buildings , magazines , even money -RRB- saying one thing and doing another altogether to keep the unsuspecting citizenry complacent . Sound familiar ? It 's really scary how close John Carpenter came to actually blowing the whistle on them but then Hollywood would never have allowed that . This is a must have DVD .
 I first saw this movie at the Drive In with my girlfriend Cheryl back when it was released . As usual Cheryl wanted to get into the back seat of my car with me but I was enjoying the movie too much . It is about a guy named John Nada who is after work in the construction business in Los Angels . Then he finds a pair of glasses which reveal that there are Aliens disguised as Earthlings who are invading the city by promoting Rampant Consumerism and Bowing To Authority . John then sets about trying to destroy the Aliens.If this movie had ben made in the 1950 's the Aliens would have been a metaphor for Russian Communists but this movie works very well as a modern `` Cult Classic '' . Once again John Carpenter has made a terrific movie with a great cast , excellent special effects and good dialogue.It is interesting to note that John 's surname is `` Nada '' which commonly means `` nothing '' . Perhaps Mr. Carpenter was trying to tell his audience that even a `` nobody '' can make a diference in this world which is a message worth remembering .
 Of all the horro/sc-fi films of the past 25 years , this one ranks as one of my favorite . It is an underrated , funny , action packed film , and it is one of Carpenter 's best . The story revolves around an unnamed character in the not too distant future -LSB- Rodney Piper -RSB- . He is a low paid construction worker , who one day puts on a pair of sunglasses and discovers a world of aliens around him , and the aliens discover him too.This film has alot of great lines -LSB- ` You look like you fell in cheesedip back in 1957 ' -RSB- , and hidious alien makeup that makes for a fun moie , with some suspense and the infamous fight scene that goes on for 5 or 6 minutes on end . This is an underrated , 50 's style B movie that is very entertaining .
 Got to hand it to Carpenter and Piper , though it be a `` B '' movie , if watched with the intent of having a good time with a thoughtful mind , you 'll come away from the monitor a bit more leery than before . -LRB- And perhaps still laughing -RRB-
 ... and kick -LSB- butt -RSB- . And I 'm all outta bubblegum.Corny , yes . Horribly too long and mostly unnecessary `` fight '' scene in the middle , yes . Somewhat questionable plot , yes . But still one of the best movies that has been put on film.Most of the things I have ever seen on this movie only talk about the bad actors that wrestlers make . Personally I would like to see Roddy Piper do more . I was impressed with the performance he put in this and I think it shows that the `` characters '' that wrestlers play in the ring are just that , characters . Badly written characters perhaps , but it is still acting and it takes at least a little talent beyond overpumped biceps to play them well . A few instances of his WWF character leaked through into this movie , but for the majority of it he was totally believeable . He gave what I would consider to be an excellent performance regardless of his status as a pro-wrestler . He did n't just give a good peroformance `` for a wrestler '' he gave a performance that * any * actor should be proud of.Yes the movie was a bit on the cheesy side . It was supposed to be . This is n't some deep thoughts movie that the brie and beret set would go see at Sundance or something , it was intended as an entertaining way to spend 94 minutes of your time . It is n't a large philosophical treatise on the state of the human condition , it is a cool story that lets you escape to another place for a while.When I first bought my DVD player this was one of the first 5 movies I bought for it . I specifically went out and searched for it -LRB- and garnered many strange looks from store clerks in my search -RRB- . It should be in everyone 's movie collection if for no other reason than the classice one liner that makes up the title of this review . Go buy it , now . OBEY .
 The fact that this movie is currently not being produced just adds to the pertinency of its message . Have ` They ' ceased production because it alludes to a great conspiracy against the masses or are they just preparing a digitally remastered re-release ? Taken as an allegory for the way things are in the world , this is one of the gutsiest movies that 's been produced in the past 20 years . Like the Matrix , it suggests that the world is not as it seems , and that heroes are needed to put things right . If nothing else , Rowdy Roddy does a fine job of portraying the heroic Everyman . A funny , powerful film .
 They Live is one of my all time favorite John Carpenter films . It has that sort of wonderful Army of Darkness black humor and self parody going while at the same time telling a classic , creepy , very much Carpenter story . And the one Rowdy Roddy Piper movie role that does n't -LSB- need help -RSB- . Thisis the kind of story that `` V '' wanted to be . It is also one of my all time fav aliens-invade-earth movies with one of my fav John Carpenter scores .
 One of my favorite movies . Roddy Piper stars as a drifter who finds a pair of special glasses that let you tell humans and aliens apart when you put them on and also helps you see sublimenal messages posted on magazines , money , billboards , etc. . One of John Carpenter 's best movies . Note
 My favorite director is named John Carpenter . And this is his Sci-Fi/Thriller in which I 've grown up with and been gripped with . The ideas in this film are amazing , aswell as its main plot . It seems buger-head aliens have taken over the planet , and we do n't know anything about it . Roddy Piper gets down and dirty with the skeleton-like E.T. 's . Giving us movie buffs , such memorable lines ! Carpenter will never get the respect he deserves . But us fans , will always let him know ... he rules !
 This is the best of all of John Carpenters early flicks . The best part in the entire movie is where Piper first puts on the glasses and sees the wealthy alien buying the newspaper . He looks like he saw a ghost . The whole idea about the subliminal messages was cool . The best message was on the money '' THIS IS YOUR GOD . '' Another good part in the movie is when they go in the TV station and start destroying the aliens . A must have for any SCI-FI or John Carpenter fan !
 Set in the height of the Reagan revolution , this brilliantly conceived film is the most counter-cultural `` big budget '' film to question the excesses of capitalism and fragmentation of society by media and consumerism . Plus , plenty of shooting and explosions . Highly entertaining and instructive .
 A cool John Carpenter flick about aliens disguised as human beings taking over our minds . The only way to see them as aliens is with certain sunglasses . Also , this movie has the longest fight seen ever -LRB- about 8 minutes -RRB- . Basically , the movie is disguised aliens trying to control our minds .
 And I 'm all out of bubblegum.Have you ever felt like there was something not quite rightwith the world ? Like there was a massive conspiracy lying justbelow the surface , but you could n't quite see it ? Well , youwere right ! `` They Live '' exposes the truth , and Rowdy Rody does n'tlike what he sees.John Carpenter 's best work . Filled with off-key humorand great lines that you 'll never forget . Features one of thebest back-alley fights ever filmed , which by itself is worththe bargain price of the DVD .
 I saw this movie whilst tripping out on some crazy mushrooms . It blew my f *** ing mind ! Aside from the silliness of having the lead actor a pro-wrestling star , the concept of this movie is beautiful . The sunglasses-thing was mad cheesy , but the idea about the aliens integrated into everyday society was awesome . The part that really won me over was that once he had the sunglasses on , billboards would no longer read what they originally said , but instead commands from the aliens . The epitomy of this was the dollar bill that read `` This Is Your God '' , also the music was mad freaky as was the whole thing with the bums and the tv static . Good cult flick , albeit 80 's inspired cheesiness knocks off a star .
 I have seen this movie about ten times . It 's humorous , it makes you question reality and people in power . The fight scene symbolizes our disbelief and unwillingness to see the world , to put our glasses on and see what 's going on . Makes you realize that wealth and power is not important .
 This movie is pure motivation . I like the way the aliens look like bodies turned inside-out . And those sunlasses ... awesome . This movie is not only a classic because of the plot and acting but such famous one liners as `` I am here to chew bubble gum and kick as % , unfortunatly , i am all out of bubble gum . '' ROCK !!!
 The plot is original and very clever.Carpenter 's knack for thecheesiest s dialogue , unknown actors , and the ridiculous fight scenedeter slightly from a great story . The story tells of aliens living among us , silently controlling us with subliminal devices . Only through special eyeware can one see the aliens for who they are , politicians mostly . The story is great , action is decent , acting is so-so and the ending is killer ! If you like Sci-fi you definitely want to rent it . I know I 'm putting it in my DVD collection ! END
 I did not expect much from this film . This made it better for me when I discovered that it was a good watch . I thought Roddy Piper was good in this film . I would buy it after I bought more important works first .
 While this movie is far from perfect , it never ceases to amaze me how often I can watch it without getting bored of it . The fight scene between the hero and his only friend is priceless . Being a martial artist , I know that this fight , if it actually took place , would have crippled or killed both of them several times over , but this bit of artistic license does n't prevent it from being one of the most memorable scenes ever . If you like great movie fights , you have to see this one .
 Roddy Piper does a good job playing an average joe who with the help of the `` special glasses '' he aquires `` wakes up '' to find society is controlled subliminally by aliens . Confused , alarmed , and finally ready to `` kick some ... '' he sets out to wake everyone up starting with his buddy who wants to stay `` asleep '' ! Many cool overtones too , like a blind preacher who `` knows '' , a church that helps open `` blind eyes '' , etc. . There are no good special effects here , but well worth it just for the 1984 type storyline . One of my favorite `` cult classics ''
 Most has already been said here . This is an example of special subset of ` recent ' sci-fi films in which we discover our reality is not so real ! Other examples are
 This is a great movie . The blu-ray disc is well done with great extras . A must have for every collector .
 &#34; They Live &#34; is a classic , and the message is as poignant now as it ever was . I mean , &#34; . . and I 'm out of bubblegum . &#34; Really !!
 I have the original , but wanted this one also , becauce it is blu-ray and has extra features . Also it is the best John Carpenter movie I think . If you like this movie you will this one also .
 I recently bought this gift for my neighbor on christmas and he loves it so it was worth the purchase
 A movie made for the thinking man . Who 's to say that the Republican Party are n't just an alien race that 's been here for years without us knowing who or what they are , check out this movie to see how carpenter deals with republicans in his own vision .
 This is one of the best but not well known 80 's movies . Nobody I knew has ever heard of this movie ... Whaaaaat ?!?! I made them borrow and watch it and they ALL bought it right after . This is an absolute must buy !
 This is one of the true great cult films . Big over the top action , ridiculous dialog and its truly engaging . Like all great cult films , it is like a car accident , you just cant help but watch .
 i have the original 2003 universal print of this film . the time reads 95 minutes . the time on this print reads 93 minutes . i could swear some of the footage involving the &#34; alien watches &#34; was cut out of this version . even john carpenter said this film came and went from theaters in two weeks , that somebody had gotten angry over the themeology of this film ... reptillian/huminoid hybrids?i know it sound kooky weird , but ... there are some very interesting extra 's on this disc . i would buy this print for the extra 's alone . if you have the 2003 print like i do , keep it , because it is longer .
 We all know the movie and either love it or hate it . If your reading this then odds are you have seen this classic film from John Carpenter and and if your on the fence of buying it well let me give you a push . Scream Factory has released an amazing collectors edition with some new special features . The film looks pretty good with a natural film feel to it . The sound really impresses with Carpenter 's score being the highlight . New interviews with cast and crew . It includes the old commentary from Carpenter and star Piper . A reversible cover with both the original poster art and an all new cover which is a nice touch . A fantastic set for a fun movie that is well worth the money .
 John Carpenter 's brilliant cinematic attack on `` Reaganomics '' stars Roddy Piper as an unemployed drifter who soon discovers -LRB- using special `` sunglasses '' that only he seems to have -RRB- that a number of the people making the moves in our country are actually aliens . With the help of a few skeptical friends and an underground movement , Piper decides that `` he 's through be Daddy 's little boy '' and declares war on the unwelcome visitors . `` They Live '' mixes social commentary on the `` rich get richer , poor do n't get a f -- king thing '' economy of the late 80 's with the paranoid science fiction tales of the 50 's for a good little film . It 's all in good fun though as our hero takes on the alien visitors with more ammo and one-liners than you can shake a snake at . In one of the most memorable scenes , Piper and Keith David have a fist fight that literally goes on for what seems like forever . Carpenter 's musical score is simple but it gets the point across . The violent finale ends with a humorous conclusion that certainly makes for an entertaining pay-off . While I have enjoyed Carpenter 's work since , I can honestly say this was probably his last truly effective pic . He has since more or less stuck to making fun but predictable genre films and re-visiting the plots of films he already made years before . Much of the same can be said for Piper who after turning in a brilliant performance with dialouge tailor-made for his unique sense of humor has been stuck on the straight-to-video roles ever since.You 're better off picking up the VHS version of `` They Live '' as the first release of the film on DVD has very little new to offer . It would be good to get a DVD edition of this film with some extra added features . Well , regardless of how you see it , this is an excellent movie worth checking out .
 An in-depth , unvarnished look at the inner workings of Bush , Cheney and the rest of the gang . If only we all really had the special sunglasses ! So for now we only get to see the Bush administration portrayed by actors , some with great alien make-up ! The movie is sly , cool and sooo interesting . Roddy Piper is perfectly cast as a drifter , who inadvertently discovers aliens and their massive propaganda campaign against us . And it 's so true to life it 's almost non-fiction ! This is also a fun flick that never gets boring , even after multiple viewings . The premise is so simple that it 's cunning . This one 's a keeper . And I think they sell the sunglasses at the 99 cent store ! You are getting sleepy ... repeat after me ... Shop now ... Disregard the Bill of Rights , the Constitution ... Obey ... Buy this movie ... NOW .
 Turns out that some economic entrepreneurs are in the process of exploiting people . -LRB- All people . O.K. the world . -RRB- They seem to have a different physical appearance than you or I and for the sake of keeping the exploration covert , have electronically masked themselves to appear normal.All is going well until the presents of this drifter come to LA looking for work . He finds himself in an unbelievable situation . Evidently malcontents have devised a way to spot these interlopers and are threatening exposure . He is skeptical at first then after a bout of fisticuffs will be forced to see the truth . Subsequently he becomes the most radical in a plot to blowup the masking devise and expose this cabal to the world . Will he succeed or are they clever enough to catch him at the last moment ? A more sinister thought is will anyone care?In a world where you can not tell the good buys from the bad without your glasses there is also a quasi love interest between the vigilante and a worker -LRB- Meg Foster -RRB- at a local TV studio .
 Do n't complain because the acting is bad and the dialouge is bad . This movie is from 1988 . It 's not going to have the best everything.This is a comedy , horror , sci fi type movie . It 's about a guy who finds a pair of sunglasses and when he puts them on he can see who is an alien and whos not . All the aliens are disguised and look like real people but he can only see them with the sunglasses on . He can also read secret messages on every sign and on every cover of the magazines when he has the glasses on . The messages are a little weird though , kind of freaky.Whats funny about it is that he just walks into a store or any other place and starts shooting whoever is an alien but the regular humans do n't know whats going on . What else is wierd is that all the aliens start coming toward him and get closer and closer and speak into a little walkie talkie thing when he shoots an alien because then they know that he can see them.Also the one fight seen in this movie was on the best fights ever program.The ending is not so good though because it does n't show you what happens afterwards .
 This is my all time favorite carpenter movie . The one liner 's are great and the back alley fight scene is a classic .
 I saw this movie in the theater when I was in 8th grade . Loved it then and love it even more now . A clever social commentary from the 80s which is still very relevant today . Not to mention pop artist Shepherd Farey got his whole over priced brand logo from this movie . I rented it because my gf had never seen it and I never get tired of watching it . Classic .
 It 's They Live on Blu Ray ! Shout Factory continues to deliver great genre fair on blu ray . Nuff Said . Take that Reganomics !
 A down on this luck construction worker discovers that the planet has been invaded by aliens in They Live -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , a science fiction thriller directed by John Carpenter -LRB- The Thing , Escape from New York -RRB- , with an interesting 50 's retro approach to alien invasion . Although a little plodding at times , the execution is decent , as the level of action ramps up to excessive levels at the finish.A man named Nada -LRB- Roddy Piper -RRB- drifts into the city , and finds work at a construction site . With no place to stay , he hooks up with co-worker Frank Armitage -LRB- Keith David -RRB- , and goes with him to a settlement of homeless people . That night , Nada notices some odd activity at a nearby church . Investigating the following day , Nada learns that some kind of secret meeting is taking place inside , and also discovers some boxes hidden behind a false wall.That night the police arrive , wreck the church using a bulldozer , and attack some of the residents . Nada recovers one of the boxes from the rubble , and finds that it contains dark glasses that allow him to see alien invaders who are living in disguise among the humans . He can also see alien propaganda intended as mind control . The invaders soon discover that Nada can see them , and take steps to eliminate him , so Nada gets hold of some guns , and starts blasting the aliens.Nada kidnaps Holly Thompson -LRB- Meg Foster -RRB- a TV producer at Channel 54 , and forces her to drive him to safety . Nada is hiding at her place , when Holly propels him through a window , and he is forced to flee . He eventually gets hold of another pair of the special sunglasses , and after an epic battle with Armitage , manages to convince him that the alien threat is real . Making contact with an underground resistance group , the pair eventually mount an assault on the Channel 54 studios which is broadcasting signals used for mind control.Ex-wrestler Roddy Piper does n't have Kurt Russell 's talent as an actor , but he brings to Nada some of the same brooding persona that Russell brought to Snake Pliskin and R.J. MacReady . Piper excels in the action scenes , and seems very comfortable blowing away aliens with a shotgun . Keith David , who worked with Carpenter in The Thing , is another physically imposing actor . The fight between Nada and Frank while overlong , is one of the high points in the film . The pair manage to escape capture , and get a lucky break , gaining entrance to the television station . Upon discovery , there is wild chase and cartoonish gunfire in the corridors , leading to a battle on the roof of the building.With aliens engaged in a secret takeover of the earth , They Live harkens back to classic flying saucer science fiction of the 1950 's . The story is n't sophisticated or developed to great detail , but is still pretty engaging , with a few twists and some decent action scenes . Roddy Piper makes a lively if unpolished action hero , and Carpenter ends his tale on a climactic note . Final rating
 This movie is a SciFi depiction aboutSecret Societiesand the way they operate that I review about onSecret Messages
 Great Transfer and Great Extras !! Finally , a great cult movie treated right . You wo n't believe your eyes when you fire up the disc . The Movie looks that good . The sound with blow your socks off .
 I love the movie I saw it on youtube and I bought the in amazon
 This is a great old movie from John Carpenter . I 'm glad they had the wide screen version . Good deal .
 This movie is so good it is the inspiration for the propaganda artist Shepard Fairey of Obey Giant fame .
 What can I say that 's not already been said ? Yes I 've got the UK DVD and also the older Laserdisc , but any movie fan should buy this ! I could live on this film and Fletch if I was stuck on an island ! Total classic with some of the best one liner 's ever commited to film since Big Trouble in Little china !!! I ca n't praise this movie enough . I hope the US version has all the extras .
 Rowdy Roddy Piper puts on a pair of unique sunglasses to discover vile creatures lurking incognito who are subliminally mind-warping the human race into `` cattle . '' To top it all off , he has to convince his homeless friend who works in construction with him , to put on these special sunglasses ; thus , an overextended , almost corny fight ensues while evil aliens are lurking about . `` They Live ! '' obviously has its B movie effects and its non-existent acting , but this is not what defines this epic adventure.In a society based heavily on consumerism and complacency , the indifference humanity shows towards one another can be seen through class conflict . Where in the movie , the upper echelon of humanity unite with invaders , entire natural resource consuming alien elitists take power over the earth . In a metaphorical tale of human injustice , the bad guys are not human beings themselves , but hiding their unnatural faces to an ignorant population , and hiding their slogans beneath commercial advertisements and fluff about nothing.The human race fights back though ... an insane individual conducting pirate transmissions through television , a blind black preacher giving sermons on evil , and a front-man who recruits Rowdy Roddy and his black buddy into the '' collectively conscious . '' Not giving away the rest of a great story line , Rowdy Roddy and his buddy lead an insurgence one may never forget , and is a priceless moment in cinema history.Since it is a B movie , there are of course many things wrong with the allegory to begin with ... the acting , the cinematography , the script , and almost anything else you can think of . The very essence of this problem is there are many movies that have all the same problems , but are not considered `` B '' movies ; which , is truly sad for `` They Live ! ''
 If you have n't figured it out , it 's not simply Republicans . Run a search on `` Frankfurt School '' and you 've got the ideological underpinnings for this hysterical film . Sure , other countries can boast their state-supported `` culture '' films with actors shouting pompous softball Marxist lines in massive traffic jams ; those are fine films . But Mr. Carpenter 's auteur vision -LRB- he wrote the script under a pseudonym -RRB- features a working-class hero who could kick all their butts without breaking character in the most elegantly transparent , completely unpretentious Marxist parable produced anywhere . Hollywood in the Reagan 80s just makes it much sweeter .
 This is not ` Bycycle Thieves ' . It has n't any real depth of characterisation and does n't really ewoke any deep feelings . This is not what this film is about . This film is information , period . Yuppies are revealed as coming from another planet , using human beings as cattle . Of course , this is not so in ` reality ' , but the metaphore is most accurate . After having seen this , I marvelled at how it was ever allowed to be produced . When You look at John Carpenter 's career after this movie , it seems as if he was heavily punished for doing this film . This film is his testament and it is a very brave one . No other director has ever been that brave with the possible exception of Barry Levinson doing ` Wag the Dog ' . Have You heared anything from Barry after ` Wag the Dog ' ?
 this movie is a classic and keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire movie . has such popular lines as `` I am here to chew bubble gum and kick ` a ' unfourtunatly , i am all out of bubble gum '' i highly recommend this to everyone who loves excellent , 70 's style sci-fi . I am particularly fond of the music . i wish that there was a sound track.RYAN
 John Carpenter hits home with another conceptual `` makes ya think '' movie . As always , the excellent supporting soundtrack by Carpenter enhances the gloomy mood of the picture -LRB- see Prince of Darkness , Escape From New York , etc. for the same effect -RRB- . This is a highly enjoyable movie one can get involved in . Roddy Piper is perfectly cast . Where 's my sunglasses and bubblegum ? See it .
 Bought 2 of these . Shipped right away and received in brand new condition . Will continue using this seller . AAA + + +
 Accept your predictable programing and `` OBEY ! '' I love this movie . . effects are cheezzy , though the sunglasses street brawl & the sinister mind control the masses story line champions this movie to my B + List of cult classics , the female star -LRB- Meg Foster -RRB- has the prettiest eyes I have ever seen -LRB- yeah and they are not contacts -RRB- fun movie uncut and absolutely political correct free . . A secret system , has through the ages built , a hidden empire where aliens and powerful and wealthy elites plot the fate of the earth . .
 This movie is John Carpenter at his best , a not to be missed classic horror movie made by the master .
 Roddy Piper , Keith David and Meg Foster star in JohnCarpenter 's 1988 sci-fi film based on a short story , `` Eight O'Clock in the Morning . '' A drifter stumblesonto an alien conspiracy after finding specialsunglasses . I love this film and think it 's oneof Carpenter 's best . This blu-ray has nicepicture and sound plus neat extras . Irecommend this classic .
 `` They Live '' is a great , almost forgotten movie by Director John Carpenter . `` Rawdy '' Roddy Piper stars as the main character , who accidently stumbles onto an Alien Invasion to take over the Earth ! By wearing special sunglasses , one can see thru the Alien 's disguises . Not only are the Alien 's already here on Earth , but they have fully integrated into society ! Most of the population of Earth has been brainwashed , and does n't even notice the Alien 's blimps , or the motto on their money , `` This is your God '' . Once Roddy Piper finds out , he joins the rebels!This movie is great ! I highly recommend it ! How can you not love the scene with an Alien having sex with a woman , and in the middle , his disguise does n't work ! Let 's not forget the Classic , -LRB- 20-Minute , no joke ! -RRB- , Fight Scene in the back alley ! Fighting for that long because Piper 's buddy wo n't wear some Sunglasses ! Classic!Run , do n't walk to a PC near you ! Really , buy this movie , you 'll love it !
 I do n't care what anyone says , I love this movie . The fight scene in the middle is still one of the all time best . Just as good now as I remember .
 This is a Carpenter classic . This and The Thing are my favorite Carpenter movies . He does tons of great movies Prince Of Darkness , Village Of The Damned , The Thing and the overated Halloween movies.The movie is about aliens that try to take over the world . The world is up to a town drifter to save them all . The aliens look like normal people through the naked eye . But if you where these special sunglasses you can see there true form.If you are a fan of science fiction movies and a fan of Carpenter . Look for this great alien movie . Pick it up at amazon
 John Carpenter shows his amazing creativity once again . From the creator of the greatest horror film ever made `` Halloween '' comes They Live . This movie is awesome , it shows society and culture as what it really is with the help of special glasses , it also shows who is human and who is alien . The way they show the world through the glasses is how I see the world anyhow minus the aliens , so I related to this film very well . The story is awesome , the effects are awesome , the aliens look great and the actors are perfect . Roddy Piper is actually a really good actor and made this movie great.Simply awesome movie from John Carpenter .
 This is one of the raddest movies of all time . Few know of this movie , but it has a genius story line and even the main character ex-wrestler Rowdy Roddy Piper does a good job in my opinion !
 It 's hard to write about this movie to those who have n't seen it . It 's one of those films you either love , or you look at with an odd expression and say `` huh ? '' to . Yes , it 's sci fi , and yes , it 's comedy . There are lots of little political and social jokes that run through the plot , but there 's also a great deal of amusement . I 'm not going to say that everyone will love this movie , but if you are a fan of sci-fi/comedy , pro wrestler ` Rowdy ' Roddy Piper , alien conspiracies , and a slow-heavy blues bassline theme music kinda movies , see They Live . Packed with a hefty supply of cult classic one-liners like `` I 've come here to chew bubble gum and kick -- , and I 'm all outta bubble gum '' , They Live is a great film .
 This movie is THE awesomely terrible 80s si-fi movie . Definitely something everyone should see . I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys a good laugh .
 Anyone who likes a good sci-fi story will appreciate this movie . It has a good plot and is n't based on special effects only .
 I wanted to buy a copy of this movie before it became harder to find one . DVD plays in modern DVD player , quality is decent and content is , well , the movie . So it is worth the money . I lent this movie right away , but I do n't think it had extras . Extras would have been neat , but it is an older movie . Enjoy .
 This is one of the greatest scifi movies every created . The budget is well used in the special effects , R.R. Piper 's acting is flawless , and co-staring Keith David , one of the all time greatest voice actors , known for his role as the Goliath from Gargoyles , and the Arbiter from Halo 2 , amongst his various other notable roles.The story has a classic feel , easing into the plot with plenty of character and sub-plot to draw the viewer into Carpenter 's world . As I write this , a remake is in production . Perhaps my fan-boy-dom is coming out here , but I do n't see a need . This version lacks in nothing , but duration . The movie leaves you wanting more ; wanting to know the result of the aftermath of the finale.I highly recommend this movie to those who like scifi , an action flicks .
 Loved it . . The subliminal messages in the media throughout the film had greater depth than most people take into account . Not to mention the movie had one of the best fight scenes ever ! . A unique concept for it 's time and the two main characters did a great job .
 I saw i could stream this on my ROKU streaming device . I 'd read about the film in film magazines and , i think , ECCENTRIC CINEMA . I did not know that John Carpenter directed the film . Back in the 80 's a friend told me he saw pro wrestling sensation Roddy Piper in a pictured called HELL COMES TO FROGTOWN ? My friend said it was surprisingly good . I 'd never seen Roddy act before . I liked seeing him when i 'd catch faux wrestling of those times . I just love this cast . Carpenter regular Keith David and the unusually beautiful Meg Foster . She was the first Cagney -LRB- like six episodes -RRB- on the television show Cagney and Lacy . I recognized and like many of the actors in this neat little film . If you LOVE and appreciate what John Carpenter could do with a fraction of the funding of modern filmmakers , you 've got ta check this out . It 's a blast . I ca n't believe it took me over 48 years to see this one . Do n't hesitate -LRB- like i did -RRB- on this instant cult fun . Thanks again John and all involved . Super ... Blimjo
 Let it be known
 How did I miss that this movie had been released on DVD ? Fantastic news.Trust , BelieveApathy is MoralityMarry and ReproduceA man comes to a town in California driven there by harsh working conditions , unable to find work he stops by a soup kitchen and that is where things get interesting.The message once you get past the fantastic one liners the crown jewel of which is `` I 'm here to chew bubblegum and kick ass , and I 'm all out of bubblegum '' is just as apt as when the movie was first produced . Be sure to put on your sunglasses .
 They Live has always been one of my all time favorites . I grew up with this film , watching it on TV so many times , recording it onto VHS , and then finally getting the DVD . As a kid , I might not have picked up on everything John Carpenter was trying to say , but as the years have passed , I have even more appreciation for this film . Yes , on the surface , it seem just another sci-fi action film , but its a lot more than that . The subjects of social decline , over-commercialization , politics , etc. are the underlying themes that make the film that what it is . To me , this movie gets far less credit than it deserves , and it ranks up there with some of the best work Carpenter has ever done . Not only is the overall storyline really good , but Roddy Piper does an excellent job as the main protagonist , and looking back , its hard to imagine anyone else portraying that character so well . Another thing I enjoy is the ghoulish look of the aliens . True , maybe its not the most `` special '' of special effects , but that look has always seemed creepy to me , and I think the black and white aspect adds to that as well . The reveal when Nada -LRB- Piper 's character -RRB- first puts on the glasses is my absolute favorite scene . I love seeing all the subliminal messages . . `` Sleep '' , `` No Independent Thought '' , and my personal favorite the money that says `` This is Your God '' , which rings so true for so many people today . In fact , a lot of people today are doing exactly all those things ... except `` Marry and Reproduce '' , I think its more just `` Reproduce '' ! And speaking of which , I thought it seemed interesting that the aliens would say `` Marry and Reproduce '' , and not just `` Reproduce '' , maybe they do n't believe in sex before marriage ! Now I may get into some trouble when I mention this next thing , but you ca n't talk about this film without talking about the epic fight scene with Piper and Keith David . I 've read how so many people love this scene , and yes , its a really good fight scene , but my problem is its a bit over the top for me . Maybe that was the point Carpenter was trying to make , but a 6 minute fight scene over putting on some glasses kinda seems a bit ridiculous . Again , the fight itself is great , its just the premise of the whole fight that gets me . Every time I watch that scene , I 'm saying `` Would it be that hard for the guy to just put on the damn glasses ?! '' But as far as that goes , that 's the closest thing you 'll get to hearing a complaint about this movie from me . I 'm not saying its some amazing masterpiece , but like I said , its not just some average sci-fi movie to me . It has something to say , and says it well . And this is definite purchase for anyone , even if you just like the action aspect of it and you just wan na see some guy kill aliens , its still worth the buy . I just really hope that they would release a special edition of this , with some commentaries and special features though .
 This is an old movie that is so cheesy , it 's good ! I 'm a old 50 's and 60 's sci fi fan and when I was reminded about this movie I could n't wait to see it again . Did n't dissapoint !
 Never fight a guy if he asks you to put on a pair of sunglasses . There 's a reason for it . Honest . Obey . Consume . Marry and reproduce . When drifter Nada -LRB- former wrestler Roddy Piper -RRB- discovers a pair of specially treated sunglasses he also uncovers a conspiracy by creepy looking creatures to control humanity and lull us into conplacency so they can rule over us . Nada gains a reluctant partner in Frank -LRB- Keith David from `` The Thing '' -RRB- when Nada forces him to wear the sunglasses and `` see '' the world for what it really is.Unfortunately this deluxe Blu is Region A locked for those overseas however if you have a multi-region player , you can enjoy the movie just be aware of this prior to purchasing . I suspect that Universal either plans on releasing this overseas at some point -LRB- `` They Live '' was much more popular overseas than in the U.S. both during the initial release and on DVD as it got a deluxe 2 DVD release about a decade ago -RRB- or that they have licensed it so another company.Shot for under $ 5 million `` They Live '' is an amusing mixture of social commentary , action and science fiction.John Carpenter 's cult classic `` They Live '' arrives with a really good looking Blu-ray and , although it 's not perfect -LRB- grain is inconsistent in some parts of the beginning but , on the whole , it looks pretty good . There are some bits of dirt here and there , some noticeable use of digital noise reduction , edge enhancement , etc but that 's usually fleeting and not on the screen for very long . Overall Shout Factory has done a superb job of bringing this edition to Blu-ray -LRB- I suspect that Universal already had prepared the film for high definition and that Shout Factory was given what they already had -RRB- . We also get a -LRB- I 'm assuming -RRB- newly remixed 5.1 lossless presentation of the soundtrack . It is n't quite as active as a more contemporary film but it 's quite good . We also get the original 2.0 presentation in lossless audio as well . There are English subtitles for the film.We get a number of very cool extras for this set including the commentary track for the overseas DVD -LRB- we never got it here in the U.S. -RRB- as well as the original featurette produced for the film back in the day , new interviews with actress Meg Foster , Keith David -LRB- both of whom talk about the political undercurrent and satire in the film which evidently most critics somehow missed back in the day or felt was too broad -RRB- and John Carpenter . We also get an interview with Gary Kibbs who shot the film for Carpenter , stunt coordinator Jeff Imada and co-composer Alan Howarth all reflecting on the making of the film and , yep , making the accurate obersvation that it 's even MORE relevent NOW than in the 1980 's -LRB- or as Carpenter comments in his interview `` we 're still in the 80 's '' -RRB- . The cover is reversible with the specially commissed garish -LRB- in a good way -- it fits the feel of the film -RRB- cover on both the cardboard sleeve -LRB- with a clever `` Obey '' sticker on it -RRB- cover on the outside and one that uses the original poster -LRB- and DVD cover for the U.S. -RRB- in the inside . Kudos to Shout Factory for doing such a superb job with this set and doing more than just a bare bones release as happened in the U.S. previously.For those who have n't seen the film but want to pick it up based on its reputation I would keep in mind that Carpenter uses a deliberate pacing creating a sense of suspense and almost a slow burn by the conclusion . Keep in mind also that although it has great production values with every dollar on screen , this is a low budget affair compared to other Carpenter films so the scale is reduced accordingly.Piper is fine as the lead and projects an innocence that works for the character but I ca n't help wishing that Kurt Russell had played the role . Keith David is , as usual outstanding . Why David did n't receive more work after `` The Thing '' and this -LRB- he 's still working by the way -RRB- is beyond me as he 's an intelligent , powerful actor that easily matches someone like Samuel L. Jackson for his confidence and skills as a performer . Meg Foster is quite good but I do wish that her character had been fleshed out a bit more and it would have been nice to discover more about the underground movement . I suspect that the underdevelopment of the underground movement has more to do with budget constraints than anything else . These are all minor criticisms for a film that , on the whole , is exceptionally good.Highly recommended for fans of John Carpenter and science fiction fans .
 With inventive storytelling and style , John Carpenter 's They Live addresses the issue of media manipulation and semiotic deception . In his film , Carpenter allegorically depicts the power elite as a hostile alien race quartered among us . To these invaders , Earth is analogous to a developing country , another third-world . Humans are cattle , capital goods of flesh and blood . Through the subliminal seduction of electronic media , these aliens control the herd . In fact , their mind control apparatus is so effective that it veils their true appearance . They look just like you and I.Donning a special pair of sunglasses called the `` Hoffman Lens , '' the film 's protagonist pierces the semiotic mirage and glimpses reality . Through the `` Hoffman Lens , '' our hero discerns the brutally honest world of connotative meaning . The super models on billboards , the cigarette ads in magazines , the politicians spewing rhetoric on TV ... all are but indexical signs referencing the paradigms of the elite . For instance , the restaurant advertisements , replete with their images of families enjoying high-cholesterol food , reference a single mandate of the ruling class ethos
 1980
 Roddy Piper , a top pro wrestler , happens to star in a movie classic . I 'd place this movie on my all time list of the 100 greatest movies ever made . And it 's carried by Roddy Piper . He 's not just the star . He 's the movie . He , and the director , and the writer , and the costume designer . He carries every single scene on his shoulders.It is a 1984 type story , about an evil repressive government that just needs to be overthrown . Your good guys and bad guys are very easy to delineate , if you have the special sunglasses . Put them on , and your bad guys look like who they really are - ugly space aliens . I love it.My very favorite scene is the closer , the one they shock you with just before blacking out and going to the credits . A whore is in bed with one of the space aliens . She sees him as human . Then all of a sudden the matrix-like illusion is gone and she sees him as he really is - an ugly giant bug . It 's great.I think it would be fun , if you were an ugly giant bug yourself , to take over a planet as they did . However , the writing is definitely from the point of view of the Earth creatures that we have taken over , hahaha.My favorite character in Men In Black is `` Egger '' , the giant bug who is the villain and is pestered unmercifully by Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith . When will we stop being so one-sided in these movies , these Earth-centered propaganda flicks , and let our hair down and have some fun taking over a planet for a change . In a few hours I have to get up and start another work week . Is that really a way of life worth preserving ? Earth be damned , let 's root for the space bugs.Obviously this movie is dark with criticism of the wealthy capitalists who rule our planet . We learn , here , that they are really extra terrestrial space bugs . Okay . I think Bush is the Earthling who collaborates with them in this movie . I see a resemblance . They are both slick talkers with a southern twang , and I would n't buy a used car from either of them . I would typecast George Bush in that role . As for the Roddy Piper part , who would be better than the macho and colorful Ralph Nader , or Al Gore . Can you just see Nader or Gore breaking a trash can over Jim Brown 's head in the sequel ?
 ok first off let me start by saying piper and keith david are excellent and their little fight scene in the middle is worth every penny ! imagine you feel something is wrong with the world -LRB- seems . . hm nahh -RRB- and all of a sudden you come into possesion of glasses that when you put them on you realize the world is so much different then you ever thought with thought provoking signs like `` OBEY '' and `` SLEEP '' `` EAT '' `` WATCH TV '' etc a superb movie a true gem that should be in every library totally origional story and concept . this movie may seem a little dated but the theme music sets the sinister mood and the feeling of `` this isnt good , something bad is going to happen '' that creeps down your spine . well this movie is really that good and worth owning without doubt .
 This film is very very very John Carpenter . No one else could have made it . In particular no one else could have shot something so monumentally daft and ended up with something worthwhile . And worthwhile it is though , if I am honest I must acknowledge , it 's the sort of movie you 'll probably enjoy a lot more if you 're a bit the worse for drink.It one of that endless succession paranoid alien takeover movies along `` Body Snatchers '' lines in which it turns out many of what appear to be our fellow humans are really horrible alien monsters bent on evil ends . It stars Roddy Piper who is not the film 's strong point . He plays the sort of role Carpenter usually casts Kurt Russell as and he has none of Russell 's on-screen charisma . He 's a construction worker who finds a pairs of shades that turn out to be rather special and allow him to see who the evil aliens are as well as to read the subliminal messages they have plastered all over the world . These are hilariously crude
 This movie is an unusual trip into a John Carpenter world , circa 1988 . I stumbled across a reference to it on You Tube , watched a clip and was fascinated . After locating and purchasing the movie on Amazon , I can say that it is incredibly brilliant in its concept . There are many truths hidden behind the larger-than-life story . It is enjoyable and clever as the plot twists and turns ; someone is controlling our world with subliminal messages , but who are THEY ? Highly Recommend !!
 I loved this movie as a kid when it first came out and now as an adult seeing just how possibly spot on it is in portraying todays society is almost scary.There are literally thousands of websites today that believe this very idea of humans being infiltrated by an alien race to become subsurvient is actually occuring right now.As shocking as this sounds there might quite possibly be some truth to it.Just check out David Ickes website.Funny alot of people Ive forced to watch this film didnt like it , more like didnt get it.But then again its nearly impossible to try and have a realistic conversation about whats really going on in this country and the world with said friends.I think as fun as this classic is it actually wanted its audience to think just a little while being entertained and thats what turned most people off.This movie for me is right up there with The Thing , District 9 , Alien , Matrix and all the other top Sci-Fi flicks of all time.Come to think of it its probably a bad idea even writing this review , `` Ive got one that can see ! `` J.K. ! ... Maybe
 It took a long time to find this movie . It is my favorite sci-fi classic and I recommend it highly for entertainment value and the statement it makes . It screams WAKE UP ! And I can identify with that .
 I have heard of THEY LIVE for a very long time but I never did really want to see it . I thought that it was just a stupid old horror movie that was n't any good . But lately I have heard some things about it and it sounds great . Ever since I heard the plot I was hooked . A guy finds some sunglasses and when he puts them on he can see aliens walking around and orders in billboards that no one else can see , it 's crazy , but it 's really cool . When I heard about this I went looking for informaion on it and I found out that people really like this movie . It 's considered a cult classic by some people . I also found out that it 's out of print and hard to find ... That sort of got me going . It kind of gives me a little adventure to find it at a price I can affored . Anyways I found out a lot of other good stuff about it and I decided I wanted it . I looked for it for a while and finally found it for VHS ... So I bought it . ... But with all the good stuff I 've heard about it , it has to be good . So if you can find it at one of your local video stores or if you can find one that is cheap enough to buy than get it and watch it . I 've heard it 's a good movie to watch with your friends ...
 best fight scene in all of movie history , bar none . this movie is extremely allegorical or ... extremely literal , either way its message is a bit frightening.remember ! there is no other way into heaven but by JESUS.I AM the way , the truth , and the life , no one gets to the Father but by ME ! ... JESUSremember ! JESUS IS GOD !
 Great fun and action . A must see !
 The best of the genre . Cheesy acting but the subject matter is real , `` aka David Icke . '' If you have interest in conspiracy or aliens then you must absolutely watch this movie and of course `` read between the lines '' for the message that the savvy Carpenter weaves into this somewhat plausable tale . Hey it could happen , especially if you do n't like who is president at the time you see the movie . The last scene is unsuitable for children without your input .
 This movie is a great metaphor of our common life . Roddy Piper -LRB- the main character -RRB- finds out that the world is being consumed by a whole bunch of aliens , which send subliminal messages using billboards or books and TV saying `` SLEEP '' `` CONSUME '' `` NO FREE THOUGHTS '' and so on . Now , how this relates to real life . I 'm sure you will agree that products these days are using so much propaganda , it seems as if we are being forced to buy them . `` They Live '' points that out , for common people are being `` tricked '' into buying things . Also in the movie , money actually has printed on the phrase `` THIS IS YOUR GOD '' . Money is the centre of our lives . How do we eat , have shelter , education , and everything we need that is vital to life without it ? The answer is no way , unless you live in some primitive island in the middle of no where . Carpenter clearly makes that point with the film . There are other things too -- how the aliens use little cameras to watch the humans -LRB- the U.S. currently does have cameras everywhere watching us -RRB- , how the aliens are the `` rich '' , etc. . But there is one final point that Carpenter probably wanted to make . In the movie , they are aliens . The closest thing they are in real life though , is the government . Taking over . Almighty power . Taking over our lives and using us ; must be things that were hinted . I do not know if that is really true myself ... but it 's definately something to think about.But ofcourse , in the film , people can only see the aliens and subliminal messages with these special glasses ... but in our world , it must be knowledge , a bit of common sense , and a trip to my office of critical thinking that will lead us to the truth .
 Sometime early in 2002 or thereabouts I found a -LSB- X -RSB- copy of the DVD edition of this movie sitting in the sci-fi section of the new Borders on State Street in Chicago . I should have bought it then , because when I returned a little latter it was gone , never to appear again ! I tried looking it up on Amazon after that and ran into a $ 198 price tag !! I tried to order it directly from the Oak Park Borders and was told several months ago that it was available at $ 10 and that I would get it in about 2 weeks . Needless to state it never arrived . I am convinced that the New World Order is suppressing this video ! They are afraid people will finally identify the very real people in our own world who are represented by the aliens in this film . Their motives and philosophy are identical . `` We are their cattle '' ...
 They Live had a definite Dawn of the Dead feel to it but was definitely not a Dawn rip off.Rowdy Roddy Piper finds a pair of `` special '' sunglasses that gives him the ability to see yuppies for what they really are ; aliens out to take over the world . Unfortunately he is the only one with these special shades so he tries to convince his buddy to put the glasses on , and the fight scene that insues is easily one of the best fight scenes in movie history.For all of you out there who think that proffessional wrestlers ca n't act , get either They Live or the Rundown and you will probably have a change of heart .
 John Carpenter is a B movie director and he 'll proudly admit that . All of his films are B flicks with a little spice to them which basically brings them up to B + flicks . In many ways , he 's very similar to Quentin Tarantino , who basically does the same thing . I think They Live is the most B movie-esque Carpenter ever got , and that 's not a bad thing ! Sure , there are people out there who hate it , but I suppose they were expecting another Starman or something . I must say that Roddy Piper did quite well in his acting debut . No , he 's no Lawrence Olivier , he 's basically playing a tough guy hero , but I think he does a really good job . He 's able to carry the whole film . Maybe Hulk Hogan should watch and learn a few things . His `` Put on the glasses '' fight with Keith David -LRB- a great actor who 'll probably never get his due -RRB- is classic . Carpenter was also trying to pound home a message in this film , moreso than any of his others . His little response to the `` me '' decade . Personally , I love it . You can pretty much take from this one whatever you want coz it does work on a couple of levels . If you want to chuckle at an amusing satire of the Reagan era , you ca n't go wrong . If you want nothing more than cheap , B movie thrills , you 'll get that too . So , grab that popcorn -LRB- Extra Butter-Don ' t be a wimp -RRB- , grab your wife -LRB- girlfriend , mistress , one night stand -RRB- , hide the kid -LRB- s -RRB- , turn off the lights and enjoy .
 This is no NEW movie , with fancy CG or big name stars ... but the one liners and attitude are enough to make this movie a classic for the ages . If you have n't seen it , you should . It 's a guys flick through and through . So , order up some Pizza ... invite a few buddies over and enjoy . The fight scene in the middle of the movie is one of the greatest fist fights you will ever see in cinema !!! Best be ready to be entertained ... this movie should have been more than just a great cult hit .
 Elite , parasitic subsociety exploits American working class -- reflects real American society?This movie is not so much about aliens who are hiding among us , but instead it taps into the deeply submerged suspicions of most of us that we are being manipulated and taken advantage of by the elite of American society , by our leaders , by the rich , etc. . Also , we sometimes feel that we are manipulated and programmed -LRB- in a subtle way -RRB- to respect hierarchical authority -LRB- e.g. , the `` OBEY '' subliminal command from the movie -RRB- . Some leftist thinkers might say that human societies are in a way being parasitized by the elite of their societies , and that the elite operate as a parasitic sub-society , living off of the lower classes . America might be said to be operated more in such a fashion -LRB- i.e. , parasitized by the elite -RRB- than are the countries of western Europe . Obvious examples of this parasitic behavior are the `` golden handshakes '' and backscratching exchanged between corporate CEO 's and the Boards of Directors of their companies . But it is far more pervasive than just that . _ They_Live _ uses the invisible alien elite as a proxy for our suspicions about how we are all being exploited by the elite of our real-life society , and how these elite are subtly programming us to accept this exploitation.So , the major theme of the movie is not , as another poster correctly pointed out , about being manipulated to be good little consumers in a crassly commercial world . No , it is far more profound than that . Instead , it is more about how the working class Americans in _ They Live _ are being exploited by the elite upper crust , who , in the movie , happen to be aliens . Also , this movie is not relevant ONLY to Reagan 's time , or to Reaganomics , but it is more relavant today than it was when it was released.Unfortunately , this movie only explores this exploitation theme in a somewhat superficial way , and the movie itself has an unintentionally comic air to it sometimes . Still , the exploration of that theme is so rare in pop culture , and that theme is so profound , and reaches so far into what American society is , was , and is becoming , that this movie is a Must-See for anyone with an interest in politics and sociology .
 My jaw dropped when I saw this movie . It is the best literal explanation of what is going on in our world when it comes to mind control . I believe this movie is true word for word . I take it very seriously . I even believe aliens have taken over our planet and are `` CHANGING OUR ATMOSPHERE INTO THEIR ATMOSPHERE '' . Reptilian looking aliens that pump mass media lies into our heads to make us stupid and obedient.Look
 The world in `` They Live '' is infiltrated at every level by hostile aliens , and it 's not a future or parralell world , but our own . When a homeless drifter - one of a forgotten legion of society 's citizens who in this case moves around from town to town and city to city looking for temporary work wherever they 'll hire someone who does n't have the benefit of a fixed address - accidentally comes across a special pair of glasses that allows the wearer to see that which is disguised by a grand alien technology , the true state of the world and its rulership begins to be revealed , to the movie 's characters and to the viewers.Roddy Piper does a great job in the lead role , and the idea of making a couple of members of the neglected homeless the catalysts for uncovering this worldwide conspiracy and beginning a resistance is an inspired choice . The scale of events going on unseen right in front of the world 's eyes is enormous and might seem implausible if not for how masterfully the movie is done . The scene in which Piper 's character looks through a selection of newstand magazines with the aid of the glasses is extremely effective , and the secrets revealed when looking at another form of widely circulated paper material immediately thereafter is one of the most authentically chilling in science fiction history . Some great , full-out action scenes too . Definately recommended for all fans of `` The Arrival '' , `` The X-Files '' , `` Millennium '' and `` Body-Snatchers '' .
 A John Carpenter movie is a lot like a Big Mac -- not the most gourmet of offerings available , but almost never unsatisfying . `` They Live '' is among his lesser-known gems , a high-concept if low-budget sci-fi outing that pits Carpenter 's counterculture sensibilities against the rabid consumerism of the 1980s . Here , wrestler-turned-actor Roddy Piper shines as a drifter who stumbles upon a terrifying secret
 the commentary track , as great as it is , is the exact same commentary from the UK origin DVD release from 2002 . It 's a really entertaining commentary , one of the best I think , but I just wish they would have re-united Piper and Carpenter for a second time . Still , highly recommended !
 rowdy roddy piper at his best ... a true cult classic ... check out the endless fight scene , it 's hysterical ... one of the most unrecognized horror films .
 `` They Live '' is one of the greatest , most influential movies every conceived . Released in 1988 , `` They Live '' works on so many levels , it is hard not to be impressed by the breadth and depth of the film . On one level it was a thinly veiled sucker punch aimed at the economic excesses of Reaganomics . On another level it was a nod to the old-school science fiction movies of earlier times . On yet another level , it is a character driven masterpiece , due to the great acting of Roddy Piper and Keith David . A year before , David had been passed over for an Oscar for his portrayal of the philosophical M60 gunner `` King '' in Platoon . David would re-double his efforts , and gives another nuanced performance in `` They Live . `` For those of you unfamiliar with John Carpenter 's masterpiece , `` They Live '' is a science fiction classic in which the world is run by aliens who use subliminal messages to control the human population . Part of their control program is to keep the country in a state of economic recession ... Enter the greatest actor of all time
 `` They Live '' is one John Carpenter 's best films . The concept of humanity being clandestinely controlled by an alien group is seemingly dated ... until one views `` They Live '' . This film came years before the Matrix films were even a thought . The acting is superior and no one could portray the lead character better than Roddy Piper . The alien conspiracy is actually believable when one takes a non-veiled look at human society and what we think is a relatively free nation . I admit that previous statement is up for debate ... especially today . What makes the film great is the dialog between all of the central characters . Also , the fight scene between Roddy Piper and Keith David . The basic premise of the story is that we , as humanity , are not free like we think we are . Mass media , advertising , and money and it 's accompanying conveniences are what secretly enslave us all . We are willingly consuming mindlessly in a pastel prison of profit . John Carpenter weaves a witty Science Fiction tale with real wisdom that is entertaining . The classic line , '' I came to chew bubble gum and kick ass , and I 'm all out of bubble gum '' Words to live by .
 After successfully haunting audiences with stone-cold boogeymen and sub-zero aliens , director John Carpenter decided to take a new direction with 1988 's `` They Live . '' Inspired -LRB- or perhaps disgusted -RRB- by the failing economy and growing commercialism of the times , Carpenter used greed and control as the antagonist in the film , creating an all-new and all-too-real villain . Sure , there 's also an alien sub-plot at hand , but what sets `` They Live '' apart is its unique blend of cynicism and dark comedy which has ensured the film 's status as a quotable cult-classic that is surprisingly just as relevant today as it was some twenty odd years ago when Carpenter first put pen to paper.Pro-wrestler Roddy Piper stars as Nada , a peaceful -LRB- and surprisingly well-kept -RRB- drifter -LRB- read
 Let me start off by saying that They Live is based upon the short story `` Eight O ' Clock In The Morning '' by Ray Nelson . With that being said John Carpenter has spun a great little piece in movie history by adapting this Cerebral Sci-fi-Horror Movie!They Live in my opinion should be preserved in the National Film Archive at the library of congress as being culturally significant . Even if you are not 1 . A deep thinker 2 . A person who believes in conspiracy theories 3 . Anti-government -LRB- 1 applies to me -RRB- , I have a feeling you will enjoy the film . There is plenty of action in this movie and the concept is really cool . Aliens are controlling our minds through subliminal messages making us sheeple so they can take over our planet . Although they look human , a drifter discovers a pair of spectacular shades that allows him to see the appalling truth . It May seem like an out there movie but do yourself a favor and watch it ! As for the DVD no extras on it -LRB- kind of a disappointment since it would be cool to have some behind the scenes stuff or interviews . -RRB- I have heard rumors that John Carpenter is doing a Remake of They Live , which if he keeps to the same concept and it is his baby he is tending I would gladly pay to see it . I just hope that nobody else in Hollywood does it just to milk off of a great movie and produce something that is bubble-gum -LRB- To all reading this know about movies that should never have been remade or were remade and turned out horrible . -RRB- Bottom Line
 This is a great movie if you are just `` waking up '' and need to try to understand what has been done to you in terms of `` being controlled `` or `` being asleep '' by your government , the media , religion , the military and any other large organized controlling organized group in the world . If you are looking for answers to `` what is the ascension '' everyone is talking about this film could help to open your mind and allow you to begin to see the world in different way.It is a metaphor if you will for the movie is an older one -LRB- way ahead of its time for sure -RRB- . You might actually think it has a spoof or satire kind of a feel to it . But I enjoyed it and would use it as a teaching / waking up training video . Great entertainment .
 Ever wonder why the government is predatory and doesnt operate in the interest of the little guy?This film exposes all : - -RRB-
 Oh man what a fun movie , I saw this a few months ago and still marvel at how much I enjoyed it . This is one of those eighties movies that borderlines on silly and cheesy at times but overall there is so much to enjoy that in this case it barely stands in the way . Basically this is a story of an accidental discovery by a construction worker down on his luck . Trying to find some work , Nada arrives in LA and quickly makes some `` friends '' and gets in trouble on his first day of work . Eventually he tries to settle in but things seem strange , how strange he has no idea until one day he stumbles on a whole box of black plastic sunglasses . He soon finds out that they are made by a resistance group that send out announcements on TV channels about aliens and warns people that things are n't as they seem . Deem lunatics , they hide and act in secret , but when Nada puts those glasses on he discovers just how much what he believed in is true.Driven by money and power , people will do anything to have more , even sell out their own species to aliens who are willing to exploit and use them . Those special glasses let Nada see the real aliens , disguised as human to unprotected eye and upon looking at TV shows , magazines and billboards he sees the true message that is meant for the average human ; to buy and to obey . One has to see this movie to get the full gist of the idea , but it 's something that I have actually felt about today 's world for a while . Everything revolves around money , ways of making it , using people for it and luring others to spend their . This movie does a fantastic job of shedding some light on real life and mixes in some ultra terrestrials with incredible twists.Nada is soon discovered by those who pretend to be human and chased through some really fantastic adventures . There are a few more secrets that make this movie so fun but spoiling them would be a shame , it 's best to watch it without knowing too much . I highly recommend for a few hours of shameless fun and the ending is super , very well driven to the point . - Kasia S.
 When the star of the show is Hot Rod , you pretty much know where its going . Yeah , straight to VHS . But that 's exactly how we , Sid the Elf , like it baby . We have to give it to Piper on this one , he totally fufilled all expectations . His acting was so pitiful , spouting tough quotes like , `` I came here to chew bubble gum and kick -LSB- butt -RSB- . '' He went on and on with these gems for the first half of this one . He found his magical ray-bans and went to work taking out every alien in sight . Just like in his old ring days , he was an absolute one man wrecking crew . Only instead of being in the Scottish kilt wearing form we were used to , he portrays a flannel wearing , mullet sporting drifter . Which actually fit him quite nicely.So , the basic plot was that Piper stumbled upon these shades . And when he put them on , he could tell who were normal people , and who were the brainwashing aliens . Piper and George ` Buck ' Flower , a charter member of the all-time `` That Guy '' team , let the real people live and figure four leg locked the aliens into submission . The goofy factor jumped at least 5 spots because the loser who wrote it was trying to get across his tortured view of our twisted society . And if you 're trying to do that , who 's your vehicle baby ? ... You got it , `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper . I think he even had a Piper 's Pit about the very same topic once . Anyway , one hillarious thing about this one was Piper getting smashed over the head with a beer bottle , getting pushed out a window , rolling down a hill , then getting up like he tripped over an untied shoelace . And another was a totally unnecessary 20 minute awful fight scene in the middle . Both were prime examples of the B powerhouse that this film was.To sum it all up , They Live was high caliber B . It absolutely gets the Sid the Elf Seal of Approval , and is essential to your summer B lineup . It wins the World Heavyweight Championship of B Sci-Fi .
 Nada , A drifter and working class hero comes to Los Angeles looking for work and ends up at a construction site where he meets Frank , whos also down on his luck . Soon he sees on something on the tv and notices something strange is going on at the church across the street ... He starts to get suspicious and investigates and in the process he ends up finding these sunglasses that somehow manage to show the world the way it really is and how a co-existing alien population is brainwashing the humans with subversive messages and mind control . He finds out that these alien invaders are living amongst us and are exploiting humans for their own benefit . The aliens look like normal people posing as rich yuppies , politicians and cops until you put the sunglasses on . With the glasses on its a black and white world and the aliens look nothing like the people they are posing as.During all this hes trying to convince Frank and this woman he meets that this whole thing is real . His friend finally agrees to seeing for himself , then those two eventually hook up with some kind of terrorist cell who also knows about this secret and from there they engage in a battle against the aliens.The whole message and story of the movie is good . . it started out kind of slow then gradually became more interesting . It had a pretty good amount of action and entertainment , Also a good fight scene between the 2 main characters that lasts over 5 minutes . It also had some memorable lines and funny moments . The concept is intruiging and that alone deserves 5 stars , the whole movie itself is somewhere around 3.5 - 4 stars . Overall its an entertaining sci fi thriller .
 John Nada is an unemployed man who does n't have anything to do , so he tries to find ways to entertain himself throughout the day . Eventually , he finds a job and a place to stay , and one day , he finds a pair of sunglasses that allow him to see the world the way that it truly is . He discovers that most of the people he encounters are aliens , and most of them are important members of society . He also discovers that people are being bombared by the media and the government , with such hidden messages as
 This is one of John Carpenter 's best works . One performance in the film that hasnt been mentioned yet is that of George `` Buck '' Flower the character actor who plays the homeless man that sides with the aliens at the end of the film . His lines and his gravely voice always make me chuckle . When he is accused of `` selling out '' he made the argument that many people in our society make today `` We all sell out everyday , might as well be on the winning team . `` this is an excellent film to watch again and again .
 A drifter called Nada -LRB- Roddy Piper -RRB- just got into L.A. for a job as a construction worker , he stays at a homeless shelter community and he befriends a family man named Frank -LRB- Keith David -RRB- who is also a construction worker . Seems Nada has been seeing weird happenings at a church including recordings to hidden items as he finds a unique pair of sunglasses which makes him see black and white with hidden subliminal messages in ads/magazines/billboards plus seeing some people who are n't really people but a race of aliens who have been hidden from us for years as they are using us as livestock for their intergalactic greed and corruption as Nada must try to expose Earth of these hidden creatures and their secret messages.One of John Carpenter 's most beloved and popular movies ! this science fiction horror action thriller is a very unique and original . Inspired by a comic book tale from Eclipse comics and a short story called `` 8 O'Clock in the morning '' this movie is a movie that is a political statement that goes anti-Reganomics at the time and has a message in it . I remembered seeing this movie in theaters 2 times when i was 7 when i lived in Omaha as me and my dad had a blast with it , the film co-stars Meg Foster and has excellent acting in it plus action and the message as i mentioned with political satire.This blu-rays contains quality picture/sound thanks to the magic of Shout/Scream Factory who really rocked nicely with their Halloween 2/3 , Terror Train and Funhouse blu-rays as they are on a roll besides their Roger Corman blu-ray stuff . The extras are terrific too like audio commentary by Roddy Piper and John Carpenter , interviews , featurettes , TV spots and trailer , this is the DEFINITIVE edition of John Carpenter 's 1988 sci-fi masterpiece no doubt better than the previous versions which had zero extras .
 Another one of John Carpenter 's guilty pleasure B movies . An interesting film with social commentary about advirtizing and the media . Most of it through subliminal messages and that aliens may be behind it all . Roddy Piper plays Nada , a drifter looking for work in Los Angeles . He accidentally discovers that aliens are mind controlling the world through the popular media with a special broadcast signal inhibiting the truth from the earthlings . Special sunglasses developed by an underground resistance force , when worn , reveals the hidden messages on billboards , magazines , television etc. . and who is human and who is not . That is , the glasses also reveal the hideous , bug-eyed aliens . There are some great action and fighting sequences . One hilarious and very long fight scene is between Roddy Piper 's character and Keith David 's character -LRB- as Frank -RRB- over putting on a pair of glasses . One of the longest street fights put on film -LRB- over something mundane as a pair of sunglasses -RRB- . Overall , an entertaining sci-fi thriller with some interesting social commentary and some humor .
 John Carpenter 's They Live , is a film I 've been a fan of since I was a kid , the whole idea of seeing aliens with sunglasses is something we 'd love to do . Roddy Piper , the great wrestler , is a wonderful though guy named Nada , kicking alien - -LSB- rear -RSB- ! This movie is tons of fun and filled with great dialogue . The plot is apocalyptic , like so many alien movies before it . But the revealing sunglasses are a new element in this film , and John Carpenter gives us a lot of great bass riff music that adds to the movie 's hypnotic texture . Keith David -LRB- The Thing -RRB- co-stars as Nada 's buddy in taking down the alien forces.Ofcourse before Keith David believes Nada 's story of aliens invading Earth , they get into one of the silver screen 's greatest movie fights !
 Is it just me , or does anyone else see the biting irony in John Carpenter using Hollywood , a product of American Capitalism , in order to make a film denouncing American Capitalism ? I wonder how much of the money that Carpenter , Mr. greed is a terrible , terrible thing , made on this film stayed in Carpenter 's own pocket ... my guess would be 100 % . As such , this movie is a shining example of the hypocrisy of the New Left.Most outrageous is that this movie was released in 1988 , after Reagan was through with the eight years of his Presidency and his success was already evident . This movie would be more understandable -LRB- although not justified -RRB- if it came out in ' 82 . By 1988 the economy was already booming . Reagan turned around Carter 's stagflation into `` 7 fat years '' . Employment was up and inflation down -- a feat economists had previously thought was impossible . Reagan rewrote the books on supply side econoics , leaving the Keynesians with egg on their face.The fact remains that , despite Carpenter 's inuendos and political rhetoric , GREED IS GOOD . Capitalism has produced more wealth for more people than any other system in history . Carpenter , and his fellow leftists , would prefer everyone to be equal , even if that means equally miserable -- which is what socialism causes . the greater the degree of socialism , the greater the misery.What makes Capitalism the fairest system in the world ? Because it is the only system in the world that forbids the initiation of force . Men must deal with each other by free trade . Money is this tool of exchange . If you eliminate money , men must deal with each other with guns . Which do you prefer?I do give this movie 4 stars because it is roll on the floor funny . This movie is worth watching if 1 -RRB- you ignore the political drivel -LRB- which is difficult to do -RRB- or 2 -RRB- you desire to see the idiocy of the Left .
 This is a great movie that should not have been placed out of DVD print . The action is unbelievable and the story is very original . Aliens basically come and blend in with us but set up a transmitter that makes everyone see them as regular people . Well a group of underground resistant figures them out and although they mean no harm they want to expose them . The ending is fantastic and i would recommend the VHS if you really want it . I would rank this in my Top 10 of '' B-movies '' ! Roddy Piper reals takes it to them !
 I thought this movie kicked but . Roddy Piper did a nice job outside the ring.The aliens were the coolest though , how they lived among us is the creepiest thing about them .
 Hey , you have to check this title out ! Roddy Piper -LRB- even though I hate to say it -RRB- did a great job in this film . He and the zombies make a good team . Hehe . Word has it there is even a naked chick in there as well . So you must buy this tape to see what all the fuss is about and have one helluva time watching it !
 Around the time of 1988 John Carpenter realsed They Live ! a look into a drifter 's world leaving only truth leaft in the shadows , and finally we find that the Truth is out there ! The idea though of glasses being able to see an alien race does sound a vit dreary , but the movie is very , very , very enjoyable !
 The concept behind this movie -- that space aliens in disguise run this planet & enslave working class humans -- may be harder to swallow than Marx 's class-war scenarios , but I enjoy the way it unfolds throughout the first part of the movie . The genius of taking a social situation and explaining it with a bizarre conspiracy fires the dynamo of this movie 's appeal . I dare you to look at politics today & tell me grotesque extra-terrestrials in disguise do n't run the nation ! We 're living the sequel
 As a huge fan of horror & sci-fi films from the oscar-worthiest to the crap-tacular-iest , my budget does not always allow me to own all the classics as I 'd like to . Fortunately I invested in a dvd/vcr combo player . Just as I reaped the benefit of the final charge of cassette tapes in the early aught 's & swooped up an entire collection of classic albums for bargain-bin prices , the huge glut of leftover VHS cassettes is a film hounds dream!As for `` They Live '' , it 's just as good as you remember it the first time you saw it as a 3am late nite cable feature if not better . VHS still holds up and although it 's not hi-def , stereo , 3-D , eye-bleedingly detailed , it allows enjoyment and awe all the same . Plus it 's super durable to endure the cross-country trip courtesy of the USPS.Promptly delivered , durable , and all the better for the flashback previews , this and all the other VHS treasures lurking on Amazon are well worth the investment ... well , not investment but worth the space in a small flat .
 The first time I ever heard of this Film , was when I was skipping through John Carpenter 's Filmography on IMDB.com . Several Weeks later , my Brother borrowed it from one of his mates . I loved it . It took a little while to get started , but it was awsome . My three fave bits in this film , were : When the main Guy walks into the Bank and says `` I come to chew Bubblegum , and kick Ass . And I 'm all out of Bubblegum `` When He takes that Girl as a Hostage and she suddenly pushes him out of the Window!And the Ultimate Fight between the Guy and the Black Guy , that lasts for aboute 30 minutes , which includes bites , punches , kicks , headbuts and a whole load of tackeling all over a pair of Sun Glasses!OK . Bye !
 Roddy Piper stars in this wonderful science fiction tale of secret alien domination.The time is now . The world is ours . But things are not the way they really seem . Roddy Piper is out of work but finds a job at a construction site . It is at a shanty-town refuge that he stumbles onto some of the truth.A church that is n't real and a night raid push Roddy and he discovers special sunglasses . These glasses filter more than sunlight . They allow the wearer to see the world as it really is . Bleak and run by ugly aliens . Subliminal messages abound on every printed surface.After his discovery and a wild alley fight , Roddy manages to hook up with the resistance that created the glasses . They want to wake up the world and show them what is really going on.I wo n't give away the ending or plot twists but Roddy does a great job . The glasses make the wearer somewhat high , thus allowing for some wonderful scenes and great lines from Piper -LRB- the bubble gum line is a true classic -RRB- . This one should be right up there with Dark City and The Thirteenth Floor and maybe even The Matrix for its concepts of twisted reality .
 It 's high time this nod to old conspiracy theory sci-fi flicks comes to digital . A great b-movie in every b-sense of the term . RODDY PIPER 's best movie . The ten minute wrestling match/fight gives new meaning to the term ` endurance . ' A wonderful little slice of cheesy fun ala JOHN CARPENTER , who made some really cool movies then stopped at VILLAGE OF THE DAMMNED . Maybe he conformed when he lost his shades .
 In this Carpenter entree ' , Rowdy Roddy Piper is a drifter who comes to town looking for work . He ends up in a homeless camp , where some strange doings are going on in the abandoned church next door.When he investigates , he finds some sunglasses and snags a pair . When he puts them on , shocker ! There is a strange black & white vision , which reveals hidden messages in the advertising , and that the rich are really aliens subjugating the humans.The only part of this film I did n't like was the extremely ridiculous and drawn out fight/wrestling match to decide whether or not his friend will put a pair of the sunglasses on.Don ' t miss the classic `` gum '' line , when Piper enters the bank !
 This is not ` Bycycle Thieves ' . It has n't any real depth of characterisation and does n't really ewoke any deep feelings . This is not what this film is about . This film is information , period . Yuppies are revealed as coming from another planet , using human beings as cattle . Of course , this is not so in ` reality ' , but the metaphore is most accurate . After having seen this , I marvelled at how it was ever allowed to be produced . When You look at John Carpenter 's career after this movie , it seems as if he was heavily punished for doing this film . This film is his testament and it is a very brave one . No other director has ever been that brave with the possible exception of Barry Levinson doing ` Wag the Dog ' . Have You heared anything from Barry after ` Wag the Dog ' ?
 Viewed
 The DVD movie and packaging was flawless.The only thing I did not like was the fact that it was missing the inside booklet on the left-hand side . I am not 100 % sure it came with one , but every movie I ever purchased before came with one other than DVD 's you may see sold off the street .
 Last night I had the pleasure of seeing this wonderful 1980 's sci-fi action film starring pro wrestler `` Roddy Piper '' . Piper plays an unemployed drifter , who is looking for work . Unfortunatley there are n't many good paying jobs available , because of corporate outsourcing -LRB- a problem which is killing the middle class and increasing poverty -RRB- . However , nobody seems to notice or care that their fellow Americans are suffering , because they are caught up in materialism.Piper discovers a pair of glasses that expose the truth . With the help of a few greedy individualistic elites , an evil race of aliens are slowly enslaving the human race.Pipers acting is great , and there are plenty of memorable one liners .
 This is an awesome movie . Some great lines , and the subliminal messages are hilarious .
 With this movie John Carpenter struck paydirt again . One of themost colorful wrestlers in the world Roddy Piper plays the role of the hero in this film . He goes to Los Angeles seeking to findemployment.He is given a pair of specially made sunglasses by aresistance group . He is able to see that many important leaders are acyually aliens.They are ugly bug eyed alien type creatures . Without the glasses these hideous creatures look normal.Also with these sunglasses you are able to see secret messages written on billboards . Piper goes into a war with these aliens.There is one gun battle after the other between Piper and these creatures.The ending of the movie is also unique . Buy this movie.It is good .
 This movie despite having a plot which does not seem to home in on all of Roddy Piper 's acting skills . Will however leave you with a satisfied feeling . `` For I came here to chew bubble gum and kick some a ** , and I just ran out of bubble gum . ''
 Film work on several levels ; funny , scary , and a political commentary of the times .
 i had forgoten a bit about this movie -LRB- i had an old vhs copie from 10 years ago -RRB- just got the dvd and i thaught this movie -LRB- again -RRB- was great.rodie piper does a great job -LRB- did he do any other movies ?? -RRB- its a good storie with -LRB- i think -RRB- great effex + john carpenter did the soundtrack that is not as good as halloween but still great . I think this movie has the best one liner of all time -LRB- sorry bruce campbell -RRB- watch wath he says when he gets in the bank with his guns ... . hillarious !!! ok so no xtra on this version but for the price you pay ... its not that bad .
 Roddy Piper is from a wrestling era when wrestling was fun to watch .
 Drifter , Nada -LRB- Professional Wrestler , Roddy Piper -RRB- walks into town for a job . He winds up at a construction site where he meets a black man , Frank -LRB- Keith David -RRB- . The boss lets Nada know there is no sleeping over night in the construction site . So Frank directs him to a mission with hot food and showers . Nada and Frank do n't always see things the same way . Nada notices that a construction site worker was at the church across the street until 4:00 in the morning . When he sees the man go back again , Nada decides to check it out himself . The choir is a reel recording . Writing on the wall says , `` They Live , We Sleep '' . Inside the chapel , the cult of men are trying to send messages to people through the television . At night-time , these police-like men with a helicopter , go after the cult in the church and others on the street , including the homeless . From the now-vacant church , Nada takes a box of supplies . In the alley , he discovers in the box is nothing but sunglasses . But when he tries on the sunglasses , everything looks different . A common billboard to the naked eye . But with the sunglasses on , he reads the word , `` OBEY '' . Just about everything around him has a hidden message posted . `` WATCH TELEVISION '' , `` BUY '' , `` STAY ASLEEP '' , `` WORK 8 HOURS '' , `` SLEEP 8 HOURS '' , `` PLAY 8 HOURS '' . There are so many hidden messages everywhere he looks . Even the people look different . DVD only has a chapter selection .
 Political subtext makes the film a stand out despite the fact that the special effects , production and acting are rather B-movie . Works of art , including film , have subtext . For instance , many horror films are outakes on Christianity . Typically the dead guy -LRB- Jesus -RRB- is gon na get you -LRB- send ya to hell -RRB- , and you make it happen because you were having sex in the first scene.This sci-fi gem is a look at imperial capitalism and consumer culture . It depicts life in a colonialized nation . The freaky thing is that it is also kinda like life in the USA -LRB- other than it simply being set here in the future -RRB- . Other films have used similar alien plot devices , but TL provides the most insight into how free markets are subverted and people are cowed . The plot will be relevant as long as corporate domination of the economies and the governments exists .
 I AGREE WITH THE OTHER PERSON WHO WANTED TO KNOW WHERE THE SPECIAL EDITION IS FOR THEY LIVE FOR REGION 1 CUSTOMERS . I FOR ONE THINK THIS MOVIE IS GREAT AND WOULD LOVE TO GET MY HANDS ON THE SPECIAL EDITION VERSION BUT IT IS ONLY AVAILABLE TO REGION 2 CUSTOMERS . WHY IS THIS SO ? I HAVE THE BARE BONES EDITION OF THEY LIVE JUST BECAUSE I ENJOY THIS FLICK SO MUCH AND AM A DIE HARD JOHN CARPENTER FAN BUT I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO GET MY HANDS ON A SPECIAL EDITION WITH COMMENTARY , FEATURETTES , TRAILERS , ETC. . FOR NOW I GUESS I 'LL JUST HAVE TO SETTLE FOR THE BARE BONES EDITION BUT PLEASE GET US THE SPECIAL EDITION ON REGION 1 . AWESOME 80 'S FLICK . GIVE IT FIVE STARS ! RODDY PIPER AND JOHN CARPENTER SHOULD WORK TOGETHER AGAIN .
 This movie is . . well ... I lack words ... Carpenter is an artist . First I saw The Thing . . That was good . But They Live is a movie everybody should buy . I will not bore you with details . Just BUY IT !
 THis is a great epic -LRB- MAtt Jones , gutarist -RRB- A real thriller -LRB- Nathan BASE -RRB- and a nail biter -LRB- Josh drummer -RRB- All in all a great movie -LRB- sonel sinha -RRB-
 `` I 'm here to chew bubblegum and kick ass , and I 'm all out of bubble gum ! ''
 The film has one of the best choreographed - and quite lengthy - fight scenes between stars Roddy Piper and Keith David . The guys really pulled no punches , and , obviously may have connected a couple . Movie
 I definitely am biased as this is one of my favorite movies since childhood . However , if you purchase this movie I guarentee you wo n't be upset . `` They Live '' just screams `` B Movie '' but the cast all do a great job . The movie itself is nowhere near realistic and is kind of ridiculous to be honest , but I think that 's why it 's so great . It 's entertaining , has a ton of catch phrases , lots of action , and a ridiculous 10 minute fight scene that was popular enough to be ridiculed move-by-move in the TV show South Park -LRB- as `` Cripple Fight '' -RRB- . If you do n't laugh during that fight scene you need to see a psychologistDo yourself a favor and buy this movie now !
 I remember seeing the very end of this movie years ago on cable TV and I 'd always wanted to go back and watch the whole thing , so I did . I was very surprised that I enjoyed this movie as much as I did.It 's obviously not a high-budget sci-fi movie , but it 's not Mystery Science Theater trash either . It just works . You 've got an anti-hero sort of main character , some good supporting characters that reappear throughout the film and provide continuity , and a soundtrack that sets a mood and holds it all together.And , it really can make you think if you let it . What if someone told you that you could look through a pair of glasses and see everyone who is pretending to be someone that they 're not , or everyone who has a hidden agenda ? Would you want to wear those glasses ? The take-home lesson is that not everything or everyone is what or who they appear to be , and that 's a valuable lesson to learn.The special effects are sufficiently creepy but not gory , and adequate for the story that is being told . And , I do n't think the message is going to be out of date any time soon .
 It has everything a guy could ask for in a movie . Some of the best one liners ever to hit the big screen are in this movie . Rowdy Roddy Piper kicks @ $ $ and takes names in this for only man movie . I have seen this movie more times than I can remember and have yet got sick of it . My wife absolutely hates it and ca n't understand my connection to this film . Easy ... testosterone ! So , if your manly enough , put this disk in and step back onto the couch . Enjoy ! If this movie is up your alley , check out Escape from New York !
 An unassuming blue-collar construction worker comes into possession of a pair of sunglasses which reveal the truth behind society 's mental manipulation strategies upon the common herd . Aliens with skull-faces appear through the frames , and covert messages on just about every commercial product become revealed , with statements such as `` Sleep '' , `` Obey '' `` Do not question authority '' , `` submit '' , `` conform '' , and `` No Imagination '' array everything from magazines to billboards , to televised programs - to propitiate a soma on the human populace.Seems they are integrating into earth culture in order to provide a sort of vacation spot for themselves , end up buying out the whole media , and consider current society to be likened a third-world country . `` John Nada '' -LCB- stunt-wrestler Roddy Piper -RCB- seeks the alliance of a fellow proletarian `` Frank '' -LCB- Keith David -RCB- , and end up in a scuffle which includes a suplex and a back-breaker , patented show-wrestling moves , all because he just would not wear those glasses , but he finally does , and the veritable `` scales '' fall from his eyes as well . The fight lasts a bit too long , even thtough it is understandable considering the profession of the actor.They join an underground rebel organization which is itself eventually destroyed by alien forces . With their newly-acquired contact lenses , Nada and Frank go about as a two-man rebel crew to blast every alien they perceive and eventually stumble upon their cloaking device - a ray broadcasting the holographic deception upon the world , thus revealing the scheme to humans . Earlier on , while escaping from his initial realization , Nada placed his confidence in a treacherous woman who at one point actually knocks him out of a two-story window , yet he persists placing his trust in her ingratitude , to tragic results in the conclusion of the film , taking the life of his best friend . Turns out she was on the aliens ' side all along.I thought it was interesting how the messages are in black & white , as in duality , and the aliens seem to represent thanatos with the skull-head death -LCB- totenkopf -RCB- connotation . This reminds Me of the `` invisible war '' Dr. LaVey discusses in The Devil 's Notebook.Overall , They Live is an Orwellian film displaying certain subtle truths present , even in the media today , the new god of the masses .
 This movie managed to inspire a lot of other movies as well as video games . It contained some of the most classic and memorable lines ever said in any movie . It has some older cheesy violence mixed with a very good , and at times funny , story line . It involves the idea or the possibility that we have aliens living amongst us , and that certain people have the ability to see them . If this movie has ever passed you by , then you better go rent it or buy it . Nothing like the good old days with Roddy Piper and his shotgun ridding the world of aliens
 They Live is a great sci fi film it stars wrestler Rowdy Piper as a drifter who stumbles upon a conspiracy when he puts special sunglasses on only to find evil aliens among us . He goes on a quest to rid the world of evil aliens . Actually he blows them all away with a shotgun . Carpenter says he wanted to make a social statement on society today . Watch for the classic fight scene funny and entertaining . Some great one liners to.As a Carpenter fan I loved this movie I actually only saw this film a couple of years ago for the first time and loved it.Must see !
 A very entertaining movie with good action , quirky one liners and it gets JC 's point across pretty easily . No wonder why it 's one of his personal favorites . If you can buy it on DVD , but it . If you can rent it at a video store , rent it and then never return it . That 's the most economic way of obtaining it .
 I was reading some of the past reviews that I saw for this movie . Most of them were good except for one that stated that the movie went to slow . Well all I can say to that person is that if the movie went to fast then you would have complained that it is to fast . The fact of the matter is that it is a very good movie and I would reccomend it to anybody who wants to see an interesting si-fi movie with a twist .
 This film is one of John Carpenter 's best . Of course you probably hear that about all of his films . The film is lower budget and not quite the same genre as Carpenter 's others , but then again all of his work should be in a category all by themselves . The movie is about an alien race that secertly tries to take over our world by subliminal messages sent through television , magizines & etc. . And the aliens are so cool looking ! They look like people just turned inside out ! This film overall is one giant metaphor for consumerism . And thats what I love about Carpenter , his ability to hide his own personal opinions within a motion picture , and half the time the viewers do n't even notice . And that is exactly the plot to this film ... subliminal messages !
 and that is why I love it . I wish that Piper would get some roles as perfect as this one instead of the straight to video tripe he is stuck with now . The bulldozing of the cardboard city was remindful of the Dallas police attacking the homeless to clear them out before the Republican convention in 84 . Great flick operating on different levels . The best fight scene in movie history , devil eyed Meg Foster betraying Roddy twice , fun humor and an appropriately minimalist soundtrack . I wish Carpenter and Piper would get together again .
 I 've always loved this movie , and the dialogue and symbolism . I 'm amazed at the work that went into creating an awesome transfer into high def !
 John Carpenter dominated the 80s with some awesome flicks , and this is one of his best . In fact , I think it is only outdone by his own &#34; The Thing &#34; . Yes , that means I think &#34; They Live &#34; is better than the original &#34; Halloween &#34; -LRB- hold for gasps ! -RRB- , &#34; The Fog &#34; -LRB- the what ? -RRB- , and leagues apart from his silly action flicks like &#34; Escape from New York &#34; and &#34; Big Trouble in Little China &#34; . This was a movie I waited painfully long to buy , knowing that one day it would be done justice on blu-ray . Scream Factory has made a wonderful blu-ray package for this film , and the video presentation is exactly what I was waiting for ! Not pristine , but certainly better than what I would have found on any DVD . If you have n't seen it , please do .
 Only one of two vehicles I ever saw Roddy Piper in but even though the story line is a little weak , I thought Roddy 's acting was superb .
 Love the movie with just enough special features . The commentary was enternaining as well . The only thing i was hoping for was a feature showing the makeup
 awesome bluray !! I recommend to all !!! this bluray is hard to find in stores and I appreciate them having it in stock !!
 This was a older movie from my childhood I remeber seeing once or twice and was delighted to be able to find it again , You can tell how old it is but still a classic .
 You ca n't go wrong when you mix John Carpenter with Roddy Piper , plus a little Keith David action makes for a great flick . 80 's Cheesyness plus some great lines .
 What more could you want than a wrestler looking for glasses that allow you to see aliens ?! If you type &#34; Best fight scene ever &#34; into YouTube , you will see a clip from this movie . Many famous lines are from They Live and I am sure if you are a sarcastic prick like me , you will enjoy this 80 's classic .
 do that AND kick ass with this fully packed blu-ray from shout factory ! trailer , t.v. spots , NEW interviews with Meg Foster , Kieth David and the Maestro of Horror himself John Carpenter ! featuring an improved -LRB- but not great -RRB- picture and sound , this is for EVERY fan of this cult hit !
 Although I remember this movie when it came out , I only recently rewatched the film and was amazed at how prescient it was
 This film is a campy sci-fi action film that is great from beginning to end . Who ever owns the rights to this will you please finally release this on blu-ray . It 's been 22 years and we have waited long enough . Pretty soon I 'm going to have to open a can of whoop ass on you.Thanks for your time .
 One of my favorite movies from back in the 1980 's , `` They Live '' is unique , interesting and suspenseful.Down and out , unemployed Nada -LRB- Roddy Piper -RRB- stumbles on to a plan of complete take over and domination of aliens from another planet posing as humans . Piper does an admirable job of playing the tough , working class hero . Keith David and Meg Ryan are also great in their respective supporting role.While the movie drags along for the first half hour or so , the action picks up at a dramatic pace afterwards , including one of the greatest fight scenes in movie history between Piper and David . Producer Shep Gordon , of Alive Enterprises , ensures the story has a concise dialogue and a straight forward story line of alien invasion of earth . `` They Live '' is definitely recommended for fans of John Carpenter -LRB- `` Halloween '' , `` The Fog '' , `` The Thing '' -RRB- or anyone who enjoys a good sci-fi , action flick
 I enjoyed this movie not only because of the imagination , but because to me , you got ta think , are they really talking about aliens , or is there an insight of how our Government is shifting us toward useless information from things that really matter . I just found it fasinating .
 Wan na watch a great old fashioned science fictionthriller ? I have just the flick for you . JohnCarpenter 's `` They Live '' is so reminiscent of the `` Outer Limits '' and `` Twilight Zone '' black and whitetelevision classics . It 's in color -LRB- of course -RRB- andhas an `` R '' rating for violence and some mildprofanity , but this one is a sure-fire hit for sci-fibuffs . In the same mold as `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers `` and `` Night of the Living Dead '' , this flick is thestory of a strange aura that shrouds L.A. StarringRoddy Piper and Meg Foster , the secrets of the unknownare revealed when Roddy discovers -LRB- and wears -RRB- a pairof revealing sun glasses . I 'll tell you know more.This chiller unfolds just like the old TV classics.On a sci-fi scale of 1-5 -LRB- 5 being the highest -RRB- , Carpenter 's `` They Live '' gets a `` 5 '' . It is not anail-biter , nor do you need to prepare for ahorror-fest . This one is just classic science fiction atits best .
 Action packed sci-fi satire by John Carpenter about the woes of capitalism . Although not too different in quality to Carpenter 's other works such as ` Attack on Precinct 13 ' and ` Prince of Darkness ' , the story 's Orwellian plot and theme keeps it above the par of your regular ` B ' sci-fi/horror genre.Piper plays an out-of-luck blue collar worker looking for employment in L.A. and he seems to not be the only one . The economy is bad and the rich are just getting richer . What is the cause of this social malaise ? Piper is ignorant of these mysteries until he stumbles upon an eerie conspiracy to take over the world . Revealed to the truth by a resistance movement and their special sunglasses , Piper seeks new converts to bring down the alien capitalist establishment.I give the movie 4 stars for its originality but it is still a B-movie . The plot is clever and the satire is rich . If you like this movie , I would also recommend ` Repo Man ' with Emilio Estevez .
 This is certainly the most discussed Carpenter 's work today . And one of his best films . A unemployed , homeless man , named John Nada - Nada for nothing - and played by wrestler Roddy Piper , arrives in L.A. from Colorado and discovers , thanks to some special sunglasses , that the top levels of our society -LRB- politics , business , show-business , police , army , medias , etc. -RRB- is ruled by infiltrated aliens who have turned the earth to their law - the law of money and profit , through the annihilation of any human conscience . The first reflex he has is shoot any of them , as many as possible , no matter if he 's wanted by everybody after that . Soon , he and a big Black guy -LRB- Keith `` The Thing '' , `` Platoon '' David -RRB- he succeeded in opening his eyes after a famous long fight sequence , are the only ones to be able to break the situation and give the Earth back to the human kind.The most disturbing aspect of this tale , is less that fact than the attitude of many humans -LRB- including the main female character , the only real ` bad ' one created by Carpenter in his career , along with `` Christine '' , the living car with a girl name , able to have deadly feelings -RRB- who know about the presence and purpose of the aliens , and collaborate with them -LRB- sell their souls to the Devil -RRB- in order to make personal fortunes , with a complete despise for their own kind . So we can say that this movie is also a version of the Faust myth , as well as a hard , modern version of Jack Finney 's `` Body Snatchers '' -LRB- the infiltrated aliens -RRB- and George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' -LRB- the subliminal messages invisible to the human eye , that Big Brother 'd have appreciated -RRB- . But finally , Carpenter has certainly made this movie to show his very pessimistic vision of the human being , only interested in making as much money as possible , no matter how -LRB- the hell with dignity -RRB- , and to ask a big question
 John Carpenter explicates his theory on where yuppies and corporate culture come from . If you hate this movie you must be a College Republican .
 This film has one of the silliest plots ever concieved , and stars `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper -- a former pro wrestler . To top off a ridiculous plot involving aliens that can only be seen with the aid of `` magic sunglasses , '' Piper 's one-liners are second only to Bruce Campbell in `` Army of Darkness , '' in thier ridiculousness . Some memorable quotes are `` Momma do n't like tattle-tales !! , '' and `` I came here to chew bubble gum and kick ass , and I just ran out of bubble-gum . '' I still ca n't get over the fact that cheap , generic sunglasses were somehow incorporated into this gem of a movie . `` They Live '' represents everything I look for in a film
 Really , There 's a fight scene between Piper and keith david that goes for twenty minutes . If not longer . I do n't remember laughing so hard over one scene . I do n't watch wrestling , but if its anything like this fight scene , I 'm going to start . I 'm so bought on the fight scene it 's hard to write about anything else . I liked the conspiracy . The first time I watched this movie I had no idea what it was about . She when Piper put on those cool shades and I got my first Black and Whit mug shot of an alien , I was surprised . Oh yeah , my favorite duke nukem like quote is from this movie . `` I 've come to kick A & * and chew bubble gum . And I 'm all out of bubble gum ! '' The best B-rated movie in my book.-jeff
 John Carpenter was always a maker of matinee film , eventhough he has been elevated via horror geeks into some kind of film god who has since fallen from grace . His career maintains a fairly level sensibility and subject in film , despite various budgets . Here is an example of a small budget with full matinee payoff thanks to John and his crew . Roddy Piper seems an odd choice since Kurt Russell had been the lead of the 3 previous Carpenter projects , but Rowdy Roddy delivers fully . The plot , although slow , is deliberate and interesting leading into some of the best action sequences of 80 's guy 's flicks . The entire pacing and feel of the first half is really artistic compared to modern films which just barrel along without thought for mood . The lack of dialogue , and reliance on facial expresion or background information is especially crafty , and avoids Roddy possibly extinguishing credibility through bad acting . The constant revelations of the economic divisions in America and their causes in this film 's reality are well timed , and keep the viewer hooked . Sure , the aliens look rubbery , and the security guards use props from Ghostbusters to communicate , but the same people lambasting such trivialities probably think Star Trek aliens look realistic . Seriously people , its a film , and as such it is extremely fun and clever without being pompous or heavy handed . It even gets better with repeated viewing ! Kudos Mr. Carpenter for making an endearing American classic of the action genre that is second only to the greatest action -LRB- comedy ? -RRB- ever
 Carpenter does a great job with this film . It really makes you think about how it was back in the 80 's . People just trying to scrap up any money they could while coorporate America is falling apart ! Businesses going out of business left and right and people losing jobs by the second . But wait ... there are aliens in our mist . It would seem that an alien species in taking over our planet and we ca n't see them without special glasses . Let me tell you that Roddy Piper does a very good job acting in this . He had no experience in any feature film before -LRB- Unless you call WWF REALLY acting ! -RRB- And that fight seen with Keith David is worth the price of the DVD alone . If there is any problem it is that there are no extras on this DVD . Sound are picture quality are decent but the best you find on anything that is out there . This movie is a cult-classic so buy it ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 I had to post a quick comment on this as I 'd just watched it again and realized that the `` story behind the story '' rings true today as much as it did in the '80s . We seem to live in the wealth oriented and dazed society reflected in the movie even more now than before . Less values , more mindless involvement with even more technology , it goes on and on . And now the `` aliens '' have the added benefit of the divide and conquer element to count on.Not meant to be a social commentary , but the film is a true gem and I 'm ordering the Collector 's Edition once I wrap this up . In the not so serious vein ... the fight scene between Keith David and Piper is priceless and must have been demanding on them to film as well as great fun ! David and others who are staples in Carpenter 's films due their expected best and the whole thing is just a blast to watch ! I have all the Carpenter Films and personally his version of `` The Thing '' is my personal favorite film of all . I wish he could come back and do a sequel on that and hey ... it would be great to see a film of the world after Piper 's exposure of the `` aliens '' , would n't it ?!
 So we watched it this weekend.Few things . Above everything else , the movie looks so fricken amazing ! The conversion to Blu-Ray is remarkable . It literally looked like it was filmed on an IMAX camera . Ok , maybe not THAT good , but amazing for a 30 year old movie ! I kept saying , look at Roddy 's facial scars ! Look at his manny , it 's so amazingly flow-ie ! The bonus commentary by Carpenter , Keith David -LRB- best of the 3 -RRB- and the girl with the funky blue eyes was pretty cool - I 'm just bummed that Roddy did n't do an interview . He must have wanted too much money or something . I 'm really sad he was n't in there - the only disappointment I have.It was really interesting , my buddy said he 'd stay to see like the beginning , he thought he had seen it already and was n't too stoked on it . That alone almost cost him a friendship , but we carried on despite his rude blasphemy in mine own house ! But , by the time Roddy started shooting people at the bank he realized that he had n't seen it at all . After that he was hooked ! He was like , holy **** , this is a great , aliens ?! He 's also in the movie business and was like , that scene where they repackaged an entire store to have the subliminal messages all over the place , `` that must have been a major pain '' . Turns out in Carpenter 's interview , I believe he said that scene was like the most costly and time consuming part of the entire movie.Long story short , we 're still friends , and They Live fricken rocks !
 After seeing the great job they did with Halloween II and III 's Collector 's Editions , this is pretty much a no brainer if you 're a Carpenter fan . I 'd already heard the commentary if it 's the same one from the UK dvd edition , but it 's a fun listen . Plus , you get great new extras as well . And hey , if you want to see what a non-Hollywood street fight between two grown muscular men looks like , this is it.It 's great to see some of these lesser known , but still well loved films get the treatment they deserve on blu-ray . I ca n't wait to see what Shout ! Factory brings us next .
 They Live was a smart , cult film from the late 80s . The protagonist is a honest itinerant worker who stumbles upon a cabal of resistance fighters who provide him with special sunglasses which allow him to see that some humans are really hideous aliens . The aliens are in conspiracy to plunder the planet and promote crass materialism . The basic plot device of the sunglasses derives from Dean Koontz 's 1985 book Twilight Eyes , wherein a boy is born with the power to see that some humans are really goblins who are plotting something . The aliens of They Live may represent the Illuminati , or some other group , but the film is probably just a satire of 80s materialism and globalization . All in all , the movie has a smart social message and is relatively entertaining for a low budget film with unkown actors , but at least one star has to be subtracted for its obvious derivative character and for a protracted , pointless fight scene in the middle.One other movie also borrows the plot of Twilight Eyes , I think from the early 90s , starring Matthew Mcononhay . Come to think of it , Twilight Eyes may also have an allegorical significance , if the goblins derive from George MacDonald 's Princess and the Goblin , wherein a boy fights against goblins who are `` plotting something '' , where the goblins have unmistakable symbolic value ! These same goblins later take up as bankers in the Harry Potter series . -LRB- vindictive , hate poetry , want our sun women ; maybe they 're not as smart as I thought -RRB-
 In my opinion , film director John Carpenter may perhaps be the most beautiful soul to emerge on the scene in the latter part of 20th century film production who has been born in the United States that I am aware of , of the many beautiful and not so beautiful souls that enjoyed the period of that recently emerged chapter in the history of lost civilizations.Now that New America is approaxing , with the old New World Order dying , and the European Union collapsed , it is understandeable that the powers behind consumerism and mass production and capitalist greed , will find it rather difficult to accept the challengers that are coming now who will return numinously to the country , and create a more productive and creative period that will have more to give for people than the things that they have as of present lost . As a viewer of John Carpenter 's films , I must say that he is a giver . While George W. Bush may be a decider , and myself a provider , he strikes me particularly as being a giver . It took the entire human race over 2000 years to produce the brilliant mind of creative genius John Carpenter . But it took only a few centuries to create Socrates . While we may have some doupts as to whether or not Socrates existed -LRB- he most probably did -RRB- , we are 100 % certain that John Carpenter does . When I saw They Live for the first time , I loved it . I did n't have to talk much about it because I knew it was going to be talked about anyways and because I had recently as of them decided to construct a philosophy of not talking much with uninterested people about the films I had been watching . Now I can share my enthusiasm for this movie with others and especially those who have come to be known as the reptilian resistance.The aliens of They Live strike me particularly as being some kind of parasite - carrying bipeds who have been infected by collectivism . It is possible that they could have been infected with something like toxoplasma gondii , explaining their behavior or that they could have been breeded to carry certain genetic memories of aggression , much like as of today 's foxes . If you can tell a fox to be aggressive genetically , imagine if you stumbled across a being like this , and you knew they are aggressive , and you could exploit it . That you could turn their civilization it 's head on and create two diverse populations - one aggressive , the other one being not so . As John Carpenter puts it ; to end capitalism , you have to simply reverse it 's unseen commands , and to end capitalist consumerism , you simply have to do the same . Once you know what those commands are , after you have introduced yourself to logic and the study of common sense realism and so on , you can simply reverse them and try to live your life that way - for example by staying awake . I did not violate John Carpenter 's right as the author of this production since I decided to use original sentences for my mag which will be used to enhance peoples ` senses -LRB- much like this film does . Likewise , it took 2000 years to produce Christianity , but one interview with Ernst Zundell for the whole world to hear him say that Jesus did n't have a degree in Christianity . I 'd dare say that rather than attempting to remake this film , Hollywood should let John Carpenter produce a sequel - if he becomes interested in producing one . It could be one where one faction of the aliens decides to rebel and aid humanity in fighting back against the other aliens now that everybody is seeing what only a few people could see once ... I have felt for some time now that a sequel for They Live is definately a possibility if John Carpenter would be interested in considering it.For those who oppose the removal of glasses in the remake , I 'd like to inform them that in the short story upon which this film is based , Eight O'Clock in the Morning , the aliens are called Fascinators , and are not seen by glasses , but rather detection comes as a result of one person waking up who manages to wake up another one ...
 When this movie first came out , I was young and pretty far down on the trickle-down side of Reaganomics . The X-Files were not out yet , The Matrix had us all , and carbon footprints were not words much used in common discourse . For me , this movie exploited an undercurrent of paranoia about the world in which I was coming of age , a sense that things were not right , that they had n't been right in awhile.The protagonist is doing the best he can with what he has during an economic downturn . Though he 's not particularly interested in religion , he sort of runs into vaguely apocalyptic religious types and tries to ignore them , benignly , until the police try way too hard to shut the preachers down . The seemingly-misplaced overt fascism leads him to the truth.Carpenter 's production values , humor -LRB- somehow both dry and juvenile -RRB- , strong judeo-christian themes , and cheesy keyboards are not for everyone , but this movie makes a strong statement about humankind 's place in the world and about how to go about living . It explores many of the same themes explored in The Matrix , but They Live feels - at least on first watching - much lighter , partly because the production is much less slick and the violence is , for lack of a better word , sillier . However , the cheese factor did not vitiate the movie 's lasting effects which , for me , were downright creepy . I watch advertising more closely , and , when I hear a helicopter that I ca n't see ? I go inside .
 I say this because this film is not about communism at all . I 'll bet you that Collatine probably thinks the same way about the Matrix . If you are so paranoid as to think this movie is `` Pro-Communist Garbage '' , then you probably also think that the movie The Thing -LRB- another great John Carpenter Film '' is nothing but Propaganda on the AIDS Virus and that those infected must be from another world and are not human . That sounds ridiculous right ? Well so is Collatine 's claim about the movie They Live . They Live is a great Sci-Fi movie that targets paranoia similar to his . I normally do n't reply to comments made by other reviewers , but this statement of stupidity infuriates me . Now I shall continue on with the review of They Live.They Live is about a drifter who finds a pair of sunglasses that lets him see certain people as aliens and subliminal propaganda in magazines , newspapers , billboards and basically anyplace a human would read . The drifter quickly finds a group of freedom fighters who plan to stop the aliens from furthering their control on the human race and the time to `` chew bubblegum and kick a ** '' begins.It 's a very enjoyable and original film ; I would imagine that the creators of movies like The Matrix got some of their ideas from here . John Carpenter does a wonderful job as a director -LRB- again -RRB- and there are only a few flaws contained within the movie . The first one that comes to mind is that the music is simple and very repetitive . The second is that there is a fight scene that might annoy some people as it goes on for about 5 and a half minutes . I personally loved it and found it to be hilarious , but not all people will . It actually took three weeks to rehearse . The third problem is that I was hoping for a little more action as I found the middle of the movie is a little boring . The fourth is that the ending left a little more to be desired , but it was still a good ending.As for the DVD , the extras are minimal . They do n't even list them on the back of the case , but I expected as much because it was being sold for $ 10 . This is the only version available and because it was n't a big hit , I doubt a Collector 's Edition will be released anytime soon.If you like Science Fiction , Horror , B-Movies , John Carpenter or anything along those lines , then this movie is for you . If you share a similar view such as Collatine , then move along , you have nothing to see here . And for the people who are neither ; watch it sometime , you 'll enjoy it . Hoped this review helped .
 This film is starting to look depressingly similar to the current business ethos of this day . Do n't believe me ? View the film and then watch CNBC during the day and listen to some of the philistines that rave on about how good it is that American jobs are moving overseas and how the trade deficit with China is nothing to be alarmed about , even if they are upgrading their military with the income and even though one of their generals threatened to nuke us this week . While watching CNBC I often think of this film . Where do these philistines come from and how is it that we watch the decline of our country like some deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming car at night ? I am not suggesting that they are extraterrestrials but they sure as hell are n't patriots , I do n't care how many American Flags they wear on their lapels.Greed and narcissism , which have taken over our culture , are right out of this film 's basic theme . Carpenter was truly a prophet when he made this film 17 years ago . It is an allegory for our time . I highly recommend it .
 As I watch our world going to hell in a handbasket today , with the President of the United States taking our rights away and most saying , `` Oh , it 's okay , he 's doing it for us . '' With the Patriot Act , signed by all but one of our Legislators giving him the power of an emperor , I look at THEY LIVE and wonder if it was n't prophetic . I wonder if we found those sunglasses if it would reveal Emperor Bush the Ist and the 2nd as aliens practicing mind control . I wish Roddy and Keith would take them on , because the world of They Live has come to life and is real today . ` On top of that , it 's the best movie line I 've ever encountered and Roddy Piper is the sexiest man alive . -LRB- Having met him , he is in real life too -RRB- . I recommend this movie to anyone with an active gray cell , or normal hormones because it hits you like a bolt of lightening in both places.Viva La Roddy Piper ! Viva La John Carpenter !! Long may they be in our hearts .
 This is one odd movie Carpenter has given us here . Ridiculously blunt social commentary piled on top of the most deliberately ` B ' movie you 're likely to have seen in a damn long time . It 's tough for me to say exactly how we 're supposed to take this as some of the weirdness approaches parody . I ca n't say for certain , but I 'm presuming this is intentional , seeing as how I find it tough to imagine that the director of movies like ` The Thing ' ` Halloween ' and ` In the Mouth of Madness ' could make a movie this silly on accident . But , intentional or unintentional , this is a very amusing film.Rowdy Roddy Piper plays the massive Nada , -LRB- oh you are a clever one John ! -RRB- a drifter come to wherever this movie takes place -LRB- LA , maybe , I dunno -RRB- in search of work . He ends up in Justiceville , a modern day Hooverville , and becomes acquainted with the equally massive Frank . Times are hard all around , apparently , and it turns out that bad aliens and yuppies and conspiracies are the reason why , which eventually discover Frank and Nada and join the fight for good.This movie is more about concepts and scenes then it is about plot , so there really is n't a whole helluva lot more to the plot then what I just said . Thus , the film seems to have a sorta long build-up to a very trunucated climax . But , the buildup it plenty fun.Obviously , this is a highly political/social film , as it is highly critical of the upper classes and big business . Frankly , these politicals are n't much in line with mine , but it 's vague enough that you can take it however you want . Maybe Carpenter is a commie , who wants to break down the capitalist system and have us live in a happy commune , or maybe he 's just disgusted with the squanderous tendencies of much of the elite , and those who place value of money above people . Take it either way you want . I 'll go with the latter.Carpenter is mostly associated with horror films , but ` They Live ' does n't fit into any single category that clearly . Mostly it 's a drama , though it 's got a fair bit of action towards the end , a decent amount of humor , plenty of satire and a bit of mystery too . Obviously , it 's got aliens but I do n't think the sci-fi tag really applies , as the sci-fi elements are just used for satirical purposes . But , whatever , it 's just definitely a pretty weird melange of styles.This movie has got some cool ideas . The black and white world of subliminal advertising that is revealed when Nada wears the sunglasses is really quite intriguing , and the basic premise of aliens invading via subterfuge and economic manipulation is fairly nice too , though it probably is n't all that original to this . I 've always enjoyed the whole paranoiac , everyone is in on it mode , and I think it works pretty well here , despite the strangeness and B-movie trappings.Though many seem to like him , I think Piper is pretty terrible in the lead . He 's kinda awkward and goofy , with a rather silly voice . Too bad Carpenter did n't have Kurt Russel be the lead again . He 'd a worked . Keith David is better , and more likable as Frank . Nobody else has all that big of a role , so they do n't matter that much , other than Meg Foster as the potential love interest , who is most noteworthy for having scary , inhuman eyes.Yeah , the aliens do look pretty silly , but I think they were meant to , and they 're kinda cool and fun too . The action scenes are generally pretty decent , with the exception of the big fist fight and wrestling showdown between Frank and Nada towards the middle of the film , which is flatly awesome . It 's about the most ridiculous thing ever , and just goes on and on and on , and does n't have a damn thing to do with anything . Very amusing.Carpenter shot this in widescreen , as per usual , and he does n't use it all that effectively , but it gives the whole film a nice , classy feel , contrasting with the weirdness of the whole project . It 's also got a bluesy , slow going score , which fits the general tone pretty well , I think.Well , I do n't think I 've said much of consequence so far , so I 'll just cut myself off . It 's certainly not Carpenter 's best film , but it 's definitely fun and watchable , and not without some interesting ideas . Check it out.Grade
 `` They Live '' still works wonders as a very entertaining , sarcastic slap at Reagan-era conformity -- but it works even better as a slap at OBAMA-era conformity ! When you live in a society where everyone who criticizes the president is instantly labeled a racist , you need something to laugh at . Any movie that features Roddy Piper as the hero is a perfect antidote for having to live in dark times . -LRB- Did I say `` dark '' ? I must be a racist ! -RRB-
 Erstmal etwas zur reinen Handlung
 I 've seen it years ago and wanted to have a personal copy . It 's a great concept movie and offers many thought provoking concepts .
 I do n't know where to begin . I 'd been told about this movie for years and then saw it at a local store so I had to buy it for the $ 11 . Rowdy Roddy Piper is the `` star . '' `` Star . `` He says things like `` Beat your feet '' when he wants this dude to run away . And `` Get set to sweat '' when about to enter some action scene . Ri-g_d-d_mn-diculous . The dialogue is insane.I guess the premise is pretty cool . This drifter comes to a big city looking for work because there were no jobs in his home town . He ends up living in this shanty town where he discovers some magic glasses in a suspicious church which is really a cover for a group of people that are trying to debunk a conspiracy . The conspiracy goes like this
 Great entertaining film -LRB- one of my favorites -RRB- but the marathon fight scene between Piper and his co-worker could definately use some editing !
 The characters , The cuts , The dialogue , The FX -LRB- sound & visial -RRB- , The balls , humor , and intelligence . They Live is the greatest B/cult film ever by numbers . -LRB- . -RRB-
 Roddy Piper plays a down out guy , unemployed , who believes in America and though life is down , there is always hope . Until he sees some suspicious activity in a church . Turns out it 's a front for terrorists fighting alien creatures bent on our submission . Somehow these aliens have created a ray or some treatment that makes us see them as human , and the subliminal messages are a riot.Is that a Woman 's Day magazine ? Not really . Ads that subliminally say `` Obey '' , `` Marry and Reproduce '' and `` Sleep '' are all good ones.A parody of sorts of our consumer culture -- more fun than science fiction . The gun battles are fair , but very one-sided . What Roddy 's character has to do to convince people to wear these special sunglasses is interesting as well.Lots of plot holes dragged the movie for me . I can buy humans cooperating in order to make money , but why so few really know and how widespread the alien influence is not made clear . And their transport technology and other scientific marvels , why do they even need the Earth?Anyway , too much thinking . Enjoy this piece of shoot-em-up fluff!My DVD had NOTHING in the way of special features , sadly.Other DVDs by Roddy Piper : JunglegroundWWE - Born to Controversy
 They Live prefigured `` The Matrix '' with a much more low-tech and low-budget version of the same idea . More fun too , in a way , because it does not take itself quite as seriously . Roddy Piper 's character is wonderful , especially the scene of his first encounter with the sunglasses . I loved his shootout in the bank , and his fight with Keith David in the alley that goes on for ten minutes is truly a classic . If you liked The Matrix , this is definitely worth a look .
 Here 's a bare-bones DVD of a good Carpenter flick . 20 + years later , They Live actually looks better , perhaps more quaint , more retro than I would expect after all this time.What is this movie ? Basically , it 's Carpenter 's ` ode ' to Reaganism , which would make it very relevant today -LRB- I do expect a remake , over-budgeted and over-produced , but the themes beg for one -RRB- . In what is supposed to be the ` near future ' , times are tough , the economy is bad , the poor class is growing and society is becoming more polarized between the wealthy and everyone else ... sort of like what 's always happening in the USA . A drifter shows up in town -LRB- looks like LA -RRB- , and he finds some construction work . Soon enough , he notices something strange going on at the local church , where some kind of underground movement operates . Inside , he discovers special sunglasses that ` reveal ' what is really going on
 Are malevolent aliens working with CEOs , politicians , and law enforcement to establish the `` new world order ? '' Could magic glasses enable humans to see these evil beings for what they really are ? Would `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper take matters into his own hands if these things were true ? You betcha.John Carpenter essential viewing . Fnord .
 The Blu Ray arrived a few days early ... I had pre ordered from SHOUT Factory to get the limited edition poster as well ... so YES , I 'm a fan of this film . It looks spectacular in HD so that is that . As far as the BONUS Features go ... the commentary with Carpenter and Roddy Piper has been taken from the UK DVD about 12 years ago and is great to have but as I said it was done 12 years after the movie was made . There are a nice bunch of featurettes ... interviews with Carpenter , Meg Foster , Keith David , a short feature with the cinematographer and fight choreaographer ... lots of new fun bonus features but sadly the glaring omission of Roddy Piper in any of them is a shame . My guess is that he wanted more money than they were willing to pay ... too bad , its his best movie BY FAR and it would have been great but his commentary is classic . I purchased the UK DVD years ago to enjoy that and am thrilled they repurposed it here . There are more features like the EPK made in the day and some extra footage . . which all round out to an impressive presentation of a dead bang sci fi classic that stands up today for the things Carpenter was saying ... . Congrats to SHOUT Factory !
 This movie rocks ! Such a great Carpenter classic , Roddy Piper is n't that bad an actor too . It 's amazing how this movie in a weird way echo 's the current times and trends - hmm , interesting . Perhaps , it may be that this is not no science-fiction after all . If any of you out there area looking for a fun , cool movie this is it .
 This is a fun romp of a Sci-Fi movie , where a small band of people in the US find out that the world is being run by invaders that are true Intergalactic industrialist robber barons . Rowdy Roddy Piper stumbles across the underground movement and things get serious fast . Who can you trust and who is in for the big payoff ? Especially now , when the economy seems to be faltering , this makes for great entertainment .
 I was introduced to this movie via a youtube clip and knew after watching it I had to have this movie.After waiting for it to come in the mail -LRB- I checked several times a day in case I missed its delivery -RRB- I finally got it and immediately played it . Here is my opinion ... It begins to paint a very unhappy state of affairs of the world . A drifter named Nada -LRB- Rowdy Roddy Piper -RRB- is struggling to make ends meet and it gives the impression average people are in the same boat . He then meets another guy -LRB- Keith David -RRB- and they become friends -LRB- sort of -RRB- . After several scenes of police brutality -LRB- normal LAPD stuff -RRB- Nada comes across a pair of sunglasses which ... At this point it would be wicked of me to reveal any more plot material.But if you do n't get a massive tingle down your back when the main character puts on those glasses to see things the way they `` really are '' then nothing on Earth will.As I implied in my title , if you do n't own this movie , then you may very well be a part of the problem.Good luck and I sure hope you end up on our side ...
 This movie was released many years ago and I wonder if it was a warning to future generations ! More and more we are seeing an insidious force controlling us , with profit as the sole motive .
 John Carpenter 's 80 's sci-fi cult classic is a very enlarged middle finger towards Ronald Reagan and Co. as well as the American consumerist culture as a whole , much like what George Romero did with Dawn of the Dead . Its a great socio political satire and a good ol' action flick too.Wrestler Roddy Piper is suprisingly good in his role as Nada , an unemployed drifter who comes to LA looking for work during an economic recession . He stays at a Hooverville-like shanty town inhabited by similarly misfortunate people and finds that some of the people there are clued in on a massive conspiracy of some sort . Conspiracy theories are nothing knew , but only later when Nada finds a pair of specialized sunglasses that he realizes how horrifying the real conspiracy is . A nefarious race of aliens live amongst us and rule us via optical illusion disguises , flying sentry probes and subliminal messages printed on everything . They are similar to humans in their skeletal structure , but they have no flesh on their face and have really creepy bug eyes . Nada soon finds himself on the run from these extraterrestrial facists and joins up with a resistance group dedicated to bringing them down . But worse still , it seems many humans are willingly in league with the aliens , so trusting your own kind is n't always easy.A great and violent alleyway fight , some good shootouts and some unexpected plot twists make this one of Carpenter 's better films .
 Well , I had to laugh ! I 've just come from reviewing a DAVID ICKE book , and mysteriously on my list of things i may want , appears this!Aliens in humans bodies , subversive messages in the media etc etc ! Like i said , clasic . Sometimes coincidence is startlingly amusing!Ok , enjoy this film for what it is . Carpenter is a great director , with an insight into how to make people think . The fist fight i believe is the longest ever , and steals the show . The theme is believable as long as its seen as a metaphor , -LRB- unless you read Ickes books in which case you 'll be screaming `` I told you so !!! '' -RRB- , and all in all its a good chuckle all round !
 From the opening credits I knew this movie was going to stick with me for the rest of my life . Not only did this movie supply enough action and suspense to keep me glued to the screen , it also gave me the courage to get through my everyday boring life . The ending kept me thinking and that is a main ingredient for a legendary movie . Rent this ... no , buy this movie immediately !
 John Carpenter 's They Live is a delightful blend of satire , biting social and political commentary , and simplistic b-movie thrills . In other words it 's the 80s version of a 60s Roger Corman movie . To bad it falls apart in the last reel . Still the first hour and fifteen minutes of this underrated movie is priceless , with Carpenter 's nihilist viewpoint and love of rugged individualism almost seamlessly married . Highly recommended .
 this is one of the two great recent cult movies of my life -LRB- `` valley girl '' being the other -RRB- . the message of `` they live '' has remained with me since . when the fascists are busy at their doings , i flash back to the billboards `` eat , sleep , reproduce , and do n't have any original thoughts . '' i wanted to come here today because elian gonzalez was taken today at machine gun point from his relatives . now , a few hours later , the ap photographer who took the breathtaking shot of the stormtrooper says , after being debriefed , he did n't see what his lens did .
 The blu-ray , both technical quality of the disc and package , does n't disappoint the expectations . + + + + + +
 This is the perfect movie to give to a UFO or Aliens -LRB- outer space kind -RRB- visiting earth beliver ! If you like Roddy Piper get Hell Comes To Frogtown .
 This movie is a must have , I waited a long time for this to be on blu-ray it looks as though the movie was just made .
 perfect movie that mirrors what is still happening in the real real world . I have my bubble gum and my smile .
 Wondering what you world would be like if it were run by aliens that were trying to control your minds through subliminal messaging ? Well , look no further than John Carpenter 's cult classic They Live . Wresting superstar Roddy Piper stars as Nada , a drifter that stumbles upon a pair of sunglasses that show him the truth about his society and the world he inhabits . He discovers that humans are not the only beings to be living on the planet Earth . Nada also knows what he must do to save the human race from complete invasion of these creatures . Does he have enough time and manpower to stop these culprits of communication or will Nada only help them enslave the human race ? It will all teeter on the amount of `` bubblegum '' that he carries with him!Visionary director John Carpenter creates this world that is not unlike today 's society . Glued to the television and void of independent thought , he shows us a human race that resembles cattle in the fields waiting for the farmer 's next decision . Created well before The Matrix , Carpenter uses aliens to demonstrate the power of the media and the superpowers behind the scenes . In a world where we gather our truth from others and in the comfort of our own home , this film carries themes that are still relevant today . Carpenter shows us that we can live in a world , even a city , and not realize what is happening around us . How hidden are those subliminal messages in our culture ? He also prods at the notion that only the wealthy can create the supposed truth , and that eventually the lines between wealthy and homeless with be much defined . There will be an elimination of the middle-class and humans would be at the bottom of the social order.This was a beautiful film that carries with it a heavy burden of showing us the truth of our world . While we may giggle and laugh at this `` created '' society , there are some truths to what Carpenter is showing . He gives us warnings and answers if we choose to listen . I was not expecting such a high caliber of emotion to go into a film like this , and was utterly surprised by the experience . Perhaps it is the packaging , perhaps it is because our culture has not adapted well to the horror/sci-fi genre yet , but everyone should experience this film once . I recommend it for anyone that enjoyed The Matrix and want to see more about the structure of our society.Grade
 Produced by Larry Franco and directed by John Carpenter in 1988 , THEY LIVE never appears on the list of the best movies of the american master . I do n't understand why . The carpenterian theme by excellence , the rebellion against the establishment , is the central theme of THEY LIVE , and , as far as it concerns action , the movie features one of the most impressing bare hand fights ever presented on screen.Furthermore THEY LIVE presents a good sci-fi clich&eacute; &agrave; la Philip K. Dick - they 're among us and I 'm the only one who sees them - , a theme treated with intelligence by John Carpenter who does have a lot of fun to criticize our contemporary society . One will recognize some of the ideas of the movie in another Carpenter opus directed 10 years later
 They Live was the last movie of the 80s made by John Carpenter ; in many ways this was the end of an era . From 1976-1988 Carpenter had quite an impressive run of what are seen now as classics . The 76-88 era is very much Carpenter 's golden era and he actually wrote or co-wrote most of these movies , which makes it even more impressive.What I love about They Live is the movie is mindless entertainment that is n't so mindless at all . There is a heavy does of social commentary and it 's not subtle at all . John Carpenter does n't hide his feelings at all . He had something he wanted to say and he does n't hold back . Every movie becomes dated , but some hold up well . They Live is probably one of those movies that will almost always remain current . Even to this day the message delivered in They Live holds up to what 's going on in the world.The screenplay was written by John Carpenter under the name Frank Armitage and overall the script was quite well done . What I love about Carpenter as a writer is his scripts have a simple idea and they work so well . Also I really love the characters in Carpenter 's movies regardless if he wrote the script or not he really knows how to bring characters to life . They Live has a good script , though maybe weaker than some of his past ones , but overall it 's quite well done . About the only real complaint I have is the first 30-minutes almost seem like fillers.While there is character development you can actually lose the first 30-minutes and not lose any of the plot or any of the character development and the movie would still work and not feel like anything is missing . That 's not to say the first 30-minutes were bad or boring . They do work , but I just feel like some of the scenes were sort of filler scenes.As director John Carpenter creates a really fun movie . His scenes are well paced and like I said before he really knows how to bring characters to life . The action scenes are great and highly entertaining and the comedy in the movie also works quite well . When it comes to Carpenter 's career he 's always talked about how much he did for horror , which he did . But sometimes I feel people forget what a great action director he is.As a kid I was a big wrestling fan and Roddy Piper was one of my very favorites . With really only a couple of exceptions most wrestlers that went into acting really did n't fair well . While some may have had a hit or two they were n't very good actors , while Piper may not be an Oscar worthy actor he does deliver a great performance here . He really knows how to entertain and the much underrated Keith David is great here as well . These two guys really work great together and help elevate this movie.As I stated the first 30-minutes or so can be a little slow and you sort of get to that point and wonder ok where is this movie going ? Once Piper puts on the sunglasses its non-stop excitement until the end of the movie ; the biggest highlight of the movie is probably the fight scene between Roddy Piper 's character and Keith David 's character . The scene runs at about 5-minutes and some people complain it was too long . Ok , yeah I suppose it was on the long side , but I do n't think I have ever been more entertained by a fight scene like I was in They Live.They Live also features some of the best one liners ; they are the type you can keep quoting over and over again . This really was an excellent movie , while again the first 30-minutes do sort of feel like filler scenes at times it 's never boring and once it gets going the movie is just non-stop fun . I suppose this could sort of be seen as the last great Carpenter movie , but I do enjoy his 90s work ; they may not be as solid as his 70s/80s work , but not as bad some people make it out to be , but They Live was probably his last great movie.They Live is mindless entertainment that is n't so mindless ; despite the heavy dose of social commentary They Live is a blast !
 Well , I do n't know about all the social , political , or artistic ideas here , and I was never a Rowdy Roddy Piper devotee . I just view this as a campy B movie that 's not just so bad that it 's good , it 's so bad that it 's absolutely excellent . Reminds of something you 'd see in the pre-cable days on Chiller Theatre about 3 in the morning . Wonderfully over-the-top and highly recommended .
 After spending the last few months expanding my collection of John Carpenter DVDs to the best of my ability without plunging into bankruptcy , I 've come to the inevitable conclusion that , despite his inactivity and supposed `` downfall '' over the last ten years , he is still one of our best -LRB- and unfortunately most underrated -RRB- directors . With a classic film like `` Halloween '' on his resume , it 's easy to overlook the rest of his films like they could never possibly measure up . Truth be told , what could ? `` Halloween '' was , is , and will forever be the alpha and omega of slasher film horror . That being said , `` They Live '' is probably one of the best corporate satires of the past twenty years . Made in the latter years of Reagan 's eighties , John Carpenter 's film , based off the short story titled `` Eight in the Morning , '' is a fun action ride that moonlights as a biting satire of the stranglehold of greed in America.Roddy Piper -LRB- how perfect is that ? -RRB- stars as the man with no name -LRB- credited as `` Nada '' at the end -RRB- , a drifter who finds work and friendship among a small habitat of homeless dwellers . He 's also the man who eventually begins a quest for the truth behind a pair of special sunglasses that reveal the existence of alien lifeforms . Keith David plays the construction worker with a heart of gold who befriends Piper and they have some very interesting conversations . `` It 's all a big game . The name of it is ` Getting Through Life . ' Everybody 's trying to finish first and do you in at the same time . They put you at the starting line and now , here we are
 This movie works on a number of levels , it is an excellant satire of greed and the me me culture of the 80 's , and on another level it is a great sci-fi movie including all the much used and much loved sci-fi standards of alien invaision and control and thanks to Roddy Piper who surprises all with the quality of his acting the fight scenes have an extra bite which helps alot.This movie will appeal to anyone with a interest in politics as it is a classic example of the true nature of capitalism and the way in which its true goal is to set people against each other and to control the masses with consumerism.Anyone who likes action movies , sci-fi and sharp satire will think this movie is a blast , miss it if you dare .
 This is certainly the most discussed Carpenter 's work today . And one of his best films . A homeless man , named John Nada - Nada for nothing , in Spanish - and played by wrestler Roddy Piper , comes to Los Angeles straight from Colorado and discovers , thanks to some special sunglasses -LRB- for once not used for showing around , like in `` The Matrix '' -RRB- that the highest levels of our society -LRB- business , show-business , politics , army , police ... -RRB- are ruled by infiltrated aliens who turned the world to their own law , the law of money and benefit , through the annihilation of any human conscience . After a unforgettable fighting sequence , he makes a big Black guy -LRB- Keith `` The Thing '' , `` Platoon '' David -RRB- open his eyes about them , and they soon are the only ones to make something about the situation and give the world back to the human kind.The most disturbing aspect of this tale , is less that fact than the attitude of many humans -LRB- including the main female character , the only real ` bad ' one created by Carpenter in his career , along with `` Christine '' , the living car with a girl name , able to have deadly feelings -RRB- who know about the presence and purpose of the aliens , and collaborate with them -LRB- sell their souls to the Devil -RRB- in order to make personal fortunes , with a complete despise for their own kind . So we can say that this movie is also a version of the Faust myth , as well as a hard , modern version of Jack Finney 's `` Body Snatchers '' -LRB- the infiltrated aliens -RRB- and George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' -LRB- the subliminal messages invisible to the human eye , that Big Brother 'd have appreciated -RRB- . But finally , Carpenter has certainly made this movie to show his very pessimistic vision of the human being , only interested in making as much money as possible , no matter how -LRB- the hell with dignity -RRB- , and to ask a big question
 It 's hard to write about this movie to those who have n't seen it . It 's one of those films you either love , or you look at with an odd expression and say `` huh ? '' to . Yes , it 's sci fi , and yes , it 's comedy . There are lots of little political and social jokes that run through the plot , but there 's also a great deal of amusement . I 'm not going to say that everyone will love this movie , but if you are a fan of sci-fi/comedy , pro wrestler ` Rowdy ' Roddy Piper , alien conspiracies , and a slow-heavy blues bassline theme music kinda movies , see They Live . Packed with a hefty supply of cult classic one-liners like `` I 've come here to chew bubble gum and kick -- , and I 'm all outta bubble gum '' , They Live is a great film .
 I ca n't believe John Carpenter had enough guts to make this movie . No wonder it 's being surpressed so much . It shows how we are being manipulated every day and slowly put to sleep by mass media . It uses the metaphor of a man wearing special sunglasses to see through billboards and printed material to see it 's true meaning , and too through certain people to see their true nature . Do n't worry that the DVD was deleted , the VHS will be also because of it 's expos&eacute; nature . I was lucky enough to find a used laserdisc of this movie and I am amazed at the no-holds-barred `` behind the curtain '' objectivity this movie shows . I ca n't stress enough -- the `` powers that be '' will do all in their power to make this movie impossible to find , and it 's a miracle that it 's still on VHS . Please buy this movie and wake up .
 I bought this movie right away and boy , was I surprised ! Everything about this movie
 They Live is an entertaining , original and fun film that is almost a parody of consumerism and free enterprise in the United States that is executed very well in John Carpenter 's style that was very familair with his other 80 's films.The plot involves a working stiff who has fallen on hard times and moved to Los Angeles to look for work . Then after he goes through a series of strange events involving a fake church that is actually the headquarters for an underground group of people that pirate television signals and try to broadcast `` the truth '' to people , he stumbles upon a box of sun glasses inside the church . But these are n't ordinary sun glasses . When you put these sun glasses you can see the world for what it really is . This includes `` formaldehyde face '' looking aliens that secretly inhabit the earth , subliminal messages on billboards , tv , and in magazines that read `` Obey '' , `` Consume '' , `` Marry and Reproduce '' , `` Watch T.V '' and `` Submit '' as well as others . Our main character discovers these secret aliens are out to sell-out the earth and redevelop it to their own needs . He then embarks on a mission to stop them.I just really liked the whole idea behind this movie and I thought it said a lot . The only bad thing about this whole DVD watching experience was stero sound , and absolutely no special features whatsoever . Not even the theatrical trailer . That was really the only down side to this DVD .
 Carpenter 's classic 1988 film , THEY LIVE , can be seen as an -LRB- other -RRB- inspiration to Chris Carter 's `` The X Files '' with its conspiracy of like-minded aliens and humans manipulating the masses of Earthlings . Roddy Piper , as an out-of-work working class hero , stumbles upon sunglasses which allow him to see the reality behind the facades , the messages beneath the billboards , the subliminal under the overt , and , more eerily , the strangely Dan Quayle looking creatures under the human masks . -LRB- Appropriate for 1988 -- after all , Quayle was vice president at the time . -RRB- Piper 's efforts to alarm the general public and infiltrate this conspiracy make up most of the middle third of the film , and it ends , appropriately , with guns ablazing and things exploding.Fortunately , this movie does n't take itself too seriously , otherwise it might have been disastrous . -LRB- In mood and tone , THEY LIVE is first cousin to 1989 's TREMORS . -RRB- A good dose of campy humor keeps THEY LIVE from becoming a diatribe on capital versus labor , rich versus poor , etc. . Instead , THEY LIVE is a classic , sci-fi B movie whose heart is in the right place .
 Ever wonder why people line up in droves to follow the latest trendy fad ? What causes us to submit and conform like so many ants or bees ? Well , the answer is right here in THEY LIVE . John Carpenter -LRB- Halloween , The Fog , Ghosts Of Mars -RRB- shows us the secret invasion force that has crept right in and taken over . We 've blindly marched along while aliens have inserted themselves amongst us , posing as `` normal '' human beings . Ever wonder why politicians seem so synthetic or fake ? They 're alien imposters ! Why do we obey and consume like mindless drones ? Subliminal messages behind those constant commercials have hypnotized us into walking trances ! Beware ! They are everywhere ! THEY LIVE captures both the paranoia and the dark humor of a culture tamed and controlled by hidden masters . Roddy Piper is perfect as the poor sap who discovers the horrible truth behind everyday life . Get some special sun-glasses and look around , THEY LIVE and they are already here ...
 Outstanding b-movie cult classic that takes on a-list subject matter
 Why are there so few movies devoted to the reality of life beneath the fascade that is laid out for us ? They Live is one of the few to attempt to shake us out the daze . We must continue to seek the manuals that tear us away from the thoughtless mind control that suspiciously rules our world . Our world is definitely not as they pretend it is and the greatest commercial artforms are those that help us find our true foundation . They Live is in a class by itself .
 I agree that `` They Live '' is a wonderful , sharp film , and this has already been stated within these pages . So , I wanted to voice my enthusiasm for this great DVD transfer in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 2:35:1 . The film is crisp and colorful , and although the disc contains no extras -LRB- not even a trailer ! -RRB- , the great transfer alone makes it a must-have for any fan of this great film .
 A great movie by the legendary John Carpenter . Aliens using us like cattle , the longest fight scene in cinema , and Wrestler `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper , makes for a near perfect parody of our world and our leaders . Definitely a good watch . At the very least , it should entertain you .
 One man attempts to overthrow an alien plot to enslave humanity after finding a pair of sunglasses that reveal their sinister designs in John Carpenter 's THEY LIVE ! Rowdy Roddy Piper proves that you can take the wrestler out of the ring , but you ca n't take the ring out of the wrestler in this 1980 's cult-classic . His is one of many silly performances found in THEY LIVE , along with the consistently bad fight choreography and cheesy one-liners that only add to the film 's overall charm . If there 's one thing fan 's know , it 's that Piper has `` come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass ... and -LSB- he 's -RSB- all out of bubblegum . '' John Carpenter brings the eerie dystopian future of Ray Nelson 's short `` Eight O'Clock in the Morning '' to life using a frequent shift from color to black and white as Nada -LRB- Piper -RRB- puts on his specially-designed sunglasses . Suddenly , the billboards and signposts are exposed to reveal the aliens ' subliminal mind-control devices that command their human cattle to `` OBEY '' and `` CONSUME . '' In this way , THEY LIVE is a perfect reflection of the consumerist culture found under the Reagan era , with social and political implications that also recall INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS from both 1956 and 1978 . Although THEY LIVE has a much lesser impact than the aforementioned films , the dark comedic undertones make it easily-digestible and light-hearted . - Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 This movie is hard to find in retail stores and rental stores . The blue ray version is great . The video is actually remastered so it is in HD and not just a simple repackage of the DVD version .
 great campy movie , if your looking for Oscar performance do n't look here , but if you want an entertaining movie this could be it
 A classic that finally gets a decent release . Good commentary . Picture looks great and authentic to the period . No complaints here .
 Love this movie , happy to buy the blu-ray just to support it . I wish there was a lot more in terms of bonus material , which is why only 4 stars . I loved the commentary though !
 met rodey piper and keith david in Chicago last month and bought this for them to sign . They were very nice . The print on this blu ray is unreal they did a really nice job on the picture and the sound . It was an anniversary remaster .
 Have you tried on special glasses that filter out many details about something you 're looking at , and a few things that are hidden inside them conspicuously pop out?What if an alien civilization , who has infiltrated Earth and have devised a means of putting messages inside everyday things
 The 5 stars is for the blu-ray and not the movie itself . The picture and sound were fantastic . If I was grading the movie I would have to knock off half a star due to one of my pet peeves concerning gun fire that never hits . However , besides that it still has to this day one of my favorite endings .
 This movie gives you a second thought regarding aliens among us . One of Roddy Pipers ' best performances yet . Too bad you do n't see him other movies .
 This is an awesome movie and highly recommend it ! They LiveI watched this movie when it came out in the theater and did n't pay attention to the messege then as I do now . You see , I was asleep back then but I stopped watching TV about 15 years ago . In this movie the Aliens are the controllers of the human race . This is so true today how government controls you . When you are a infant they start with mandatory `` immuization shots '' and then your `` recommended '' anual follow up flu shot . I call these your `` stupid shots '' which expains the rise in autism since immuzation started . Then you continue your life through the mandatory government `` indoctrination '' or `` the government screwling system '' , it totally lacks training of critical thinking and individualism . Now after you feel you 've had enough screwling you continue your life as a peon worker for the government . So watch plenty of government controlled media TV , waste your day on Facebook and other social sites , Play video games and for heaven 's sake , do n't use your brain !
 As usual the movie is presented in 2:35:1 theatrical aspect ratio but if you saw this movie on a Network Station like TBS , FoxFX or others you will see it in 1:85:1 the full wide screen of HDTV without any cropping loss . Now why ca n't they offer the movies on Bluray in that aspect ratio ? Shame on them .
 Great Movie From the 80s and still worth a watch , sci fi suspense . Great Movie From the 80s and still worth a watch , sci fi suspense .
 DVD was in great condition . Rowdy Roddy Piper teaches us about life . ... Also has and exceptionally long fight scene ... . So , are you here to chew bubblegum or kick some ass ?
 Classic older Movie/Video Starind WWE Wrestler Roddy Piper . John Carpenter is an outstanding director in all of his moviers . Been looking for this movie for years and finally fount it on amazon .
 I was looking for ever , for this movie until I finally met someone who told me that I could find it on Amazon . This movie arrived in Brand New condition and in a timely manner . I am very pleased .
 Another forgotten gem from horror master John Carpenter -LRB- The Thing , Halloween , Vampires -RRB- , They Live is a fantastic sci-fi/horror B-movie that is still enjoyable today , albeit a bit dated . `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper stars as Nada ; a drifter who finds a pair of sunglasses that allow him to see the truth . When he looks at magazines , billboards , or advertisements , he sees hidden messages that say OBEY , MARRY & REPRODUCE , STAY ASLEEP , and so on , but when he looks at a few people , he sees behind their disguises and sees them as the grotesque bug eyed alien invaders that they truly are . More or less a satire of consumerism and commercialism , Carpenter manages to pull out plenty of his tricks to make They Live an unrelenting , and always entertaining , ride that sci-fi fans , and Carpenter fans who may have missed out on this , will no doubt enjoy . The never ending fight scene between Piper and Keith David is reason enough to see this film . The DVD however , has no extras at all . Universal could have at least put something on here , trailers or a commentary or something , but alas , this is another bare bones DVD .
 This movie is great and bad in the right ways . And , one of the longest fight scences in a movie .
 This is a very fun movie . Here , Roddy Piper 's acting and on-screen charisma fueled by John Carpenter 's movie magic touch is a slam dunk combination ! This film actually surprised me . It made me laugh and think and boy does it get exciting durning the last half.To briefly sum up the film , sinister aliens that appear human have complete control of the world and all of its governments . Money hungry humans working as minions have sold out the planet and their own species to these invaders . A small militant resistance group knows what is happening and has developed optical lens that reveal the aliens and their propaganda messages that lay subliminal to the naked eye . Roddy Piper 's character is an unlikely hero who accidently stumbles into the war.Wow , pretty deep stuff . This has much in common with the `` V '' miniseries from the 80s . You will want to show this to all of your close friends , but be warned the first half hour is a tad bit slow and the ending seems to arrive too quickly . These factors slightly dampen a film that could have been perfect.I would love to have had this film be another ten or fifteen minutes longer if it would have provided more action and suspense.Even though this film was made in 1988 , its themes of greed , deception and nepotism is more potent today living under the newest Bush 's America where the middle class is gradually becoming extinct and the wealth gap between the rich and poor has never been so vast and troubling.In the film , you see people using cardboard boxes as umbrellas and a community of people living in a dingy hamlet that resembles something you would expect to see in a third world nation , but not in America . These people have been largely abandon by the powers that be to fend for themselves . The whole thing eerily reminds the viewer of the Bush Administration 's slow and pitiful response to the Hurricane Katrina disaster.John Carpenter has achieved true Art with this film .
 They Live is a fun sci-fi film made by John Carpenter and stars former wwe superstar `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper.The story is about John Nada , a homeless unemployed construction worker , who finds a pair of sunglasses , that when worn suddenly reveal a world runed by upwardly mobile , capitlist , yuppie aliens hellbent on kepping the human race sedate and brainwashed with sublimminal messages fed through advertising and the media , so it 's down to John and a few others to get the world to wake up and see how much deep s ** t the human race is in.This film has great action bits , funny moments in your face satire and one of the best fist fights i 've seen , I also think it 's John Carpenter 's most accomplished film to date , oh I have also heard news that they are remaking this film and I bet it will suck !! but untill that happens sit back and enjoy this film .
 This delightfully eerie movie demonstrates that great films are not necessarily pretentious ; world-class art can appeal to regular folks ; you need n't read John Taylor Gatto to lean the truth about ` Education ; '' and although you could study `` alternative economic history '' for months on end at the Yamaguchy website , Mary E. Hobart and David Astle are n't the only reality gurus who can clue you in to what 's really going down here on the third stone from the sun . Not at all ! John Carpenter manages to do just that in his 95 minute `` B-Movie '' masterpiece , ` They Live ! `` So read the other reviews , form your own opinions , but by all means be sure to see `` They Live . '' And if you are an `` art snob '' or one of those people who seek cultural justification for pursuing the enjoyable , then consider that what this film divulges is exactly what Benjamin Disraeli had in mind when he penned his cryptic phrase , '' `` The world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes . '' -LRB- ! -RRB-
 John Carpenter wrote the screenplay and directed this 1988 Science Fiction/Horror film that is based on Ray Nelson 's 1963 short story , Eight O'Clock in the Morning.With elements of the common hero versus a corrupt society - with ample amounts of wit tossed into the mix - it packs a punch from that time period - the `` me '' generation and the `` greed is good '' of the 1980s - but with a twist ; the elite are aliens who are managing human society through the use of subliminal media advertising and the manipulation of economic opportunity.Roddy `` Hot Rod '' Piper is the hero - Nada - who finds the truth while in Los Angeles by viewing things through a pair of sunglasses . His quest then begins in earnest to convince others of what really propels life.There is a timeless message in Carpenter 's work and Piper turns in a strong performance . `` They '' may be around in different disguises , but Carpenter shows how the puppeteers can make many shake their hips to the greed twist .
 First of all , I would have given this a full 5 stars but the lack of extra prevented me to do so . Hey , the menu screen only have play and scene selection , my goodness . If John Carpenter shows little respect for his own fine work by providing a commentary along with star Roddy Piper , I bet this DVD will be flying off the shelvesFor those who are not aware of the plot of the movie , here is a basic summary , the world apparently has been invaded and controlled by `` aliens '' and they are among us as Politicians , sales , lawyers , cops , etc. . They can only be seen by someone wearing special sunglass . To say more will spoil the fun.The sound is Dolby 2.0 and it is not bad , and the picture transfer is fine . If somebody at Universal decide to release a special edition with load of extra , we are sure to buy it again . Highly recommended .
 This is a great movie , because the action is non-stop and the visuals were ahead of their time . It has the longest fight scene between Roddy Piper and Keith David . It mixes seriousness and humor . It also has one of the most famous quotes `` I have come to chew bubble gum and kick a $ $ , and I 'm all out of bubble gum '' .
 If you like Rowdy Roddy Piper . He was on WWF . He was the wrestler and one of the bad guys that wore a kilt . There is a segment in the movie where he and this black guy do what would be a WWF wrestling match . Fun to watch . This stunt is over a pair of sunglasses and the alien 's .
 This movie is truely wonderful . And amazing of how things could work if it was true . I suggest anyone too watch this movie , because Roddy Piper is truely a wonderful actor.And does excellent in this movie . Plus you really dont know if our government could really be hiding things from us , and we dont know . Its something too think about .
 This is a B movie with a cool concept
 Fun movie , one of John Carpenter 's best , right up there with The Thing and Halloween . I agree with the review below by `` a reader '' very much .
 I usually approach any film starring a professional wrestler -LRB- retired or otherwise -RRB- with rightful skepticism . However , I must admit that Piper was well cast opposite David as a pair of brawny , down-on-their-luck construction workers who come across evidence of a pervasive , widespread alien invasion and a grassroots terrorist resistance movement opposed to it.While the social commentary of this movie 's script -LRB- very loosely adapted by Carpenter from Ray Nelson 's clever short story Eight O'Clock in the Morning -RRB- is a bit heavy-handed from time to time , it adequately expresses the frustrations of the victimized working class of the 1980s and the destructive excesses of corporate culture . A particularly clever plot element is the alien invasion in the context of a venture enterprise , a sort of market-driven intergalactic imperialism implemented through class warfare . The omnipresence of the space aliens ' identity and propaganda are also conveyed -LRB- and undermined -RRB- in a very inventive manner.For those who could care less about this movie 's satirical aspects , there 's plenty of action to be found here
 The setting in the movie They Live is rather simple . The world 's economy is going downhill , middle class is nearly gone , and either you 're doing very well or living a very hard life . This movie follows a single man in his quest for a job . I say `` man '' because in the movie , the `` man 's '' name was never revealed . The actor is Roddy Piper , who is probably most famous for his role as a wrestler in the 80s and 90s . The movie starts off with Piper 's character coming into the city . Apparently he 's married too because he has a ring on his wedding finger , but it was never revealed in the movie . Also , it appears he had some love interest in another character , but yet it was never really fully developed nor was a wife ever mentioned . Well anyway , Piper 's character does find a job doing construction and living in a homeless camp.While living at the camp one day , Piper discovers that a church is sending out broadcasts explaining that some alien race is taking over the planet and is the sole reason why the economy is going downhill and middle class going . Obviously , Piper did n't believe it until he put on some sunglasses that revealed that people who look normal are really hideous aliens in disguise . He also find that a lot of subliminal messages are placed around televisions , advertisements , and money . Knowing that the aliens are taking over , Piper 's character suddenly goes insane in the membrane and begins shooting up the aliens . He walks into a bank saying the famous line of , `` I 'm here to chew bubblegum and kick -- , and I 'm all out of bubblegum . `` After the big shootout , Piper 's character goes into hiding , and he has no friends other than one person he met during his job at the construction . Piper tried to explain to his friend that aliens are taking over and he has proof with a pair of sunglasses . His friend is not too impressed and is n't willing to put on the glasses and tells Piper to leave him alone . However , Piper is n't ready to leave until he proves to his friend that there are indeed aliens taking over and he 's not an insane gunman . With this in mind , the next scene is probably one of the greatest fight sequences of all time . Piper starts landing blow after blow of intense , skull crushing blows to his friend in an attempt to force him to wear the sunglasses . His friend is n't willing to comply and returns some of the massive blows to Piper 's face . After about five minutes of fighting , they 're both exhausted , and Piper manages to force the sunglasses on his friend and then found out that indeed aliens taking over . Now Piper has a friend who believes him.Afterward , Piper and his friend goes on a rampage . They find out that there is a single point of failure that would cripple the alien 's silent takeover of earth . All they have to do is blow up one satellite dish , and the disguise that is making the aliens appear human will be gone ; thus revealing their hideous form for all to see . You 'd think that an advance race of aliens that are capable of intergalactic travel would think that having a single point of failure is a bad idea . Besides an obvious strike against them by someone finding the weak point , you 'd think they 'd take into account of the fact that an electrical storm , bug infestation , or something as simple as a power failure would cripple and jeopardize a critical element in their take over . With that point aside , Piper and his friend goes on a rampage of shooting aliens with their sunglasses on . At the end , it is found that simply sticking up your middle finger at a helicopter tends to explode an entire satellite thus revealing the hideous alien race for all to see.I personally loved the movie They Live . I suppose one can look at it sort of like a satire or some sort of social commentary . If I recall , at the time of the movie , the economy was taking a massive recession and a lot of people were becoming poor but at the same time , consumerism was in full swing for those who had money . As such , this movie sort of plays into that by saying that we 're being taken over by an alien race because the poor just keeps getting poor and the rich keeps getting rich despite cut backs and other things . I suppose looking at the movie then , you can definitely say that this movie 's core story can be applied to today 's economy and world.Besides the commentary of the movie , I felt that the movie is a real classic in terms of what the 80s and early 90s brought about in terms of movies . This movie had a lot of great one-liners and a cheesy plot . In today 's movie , they try to make things more complex but at the same time the complexity is so ridiculous that it 's not totally believable . In movies like `` They Live , '' I felt the story was more in line of simple to understand , but yet not so simple that it feels elementary and/or insulting . I think anyone would love this movie . It 's funny , it has some great meaning , and it 's short and sweet . Definitely a good watch on a Saturday afternoon or something .
 The year was 1988 . Reagan was still in office . Mass consumerism and greed were now the fashionable way of life for most Americans . Was there a reason behind this ? What was making our country become a cesspool of apathetic , materialistic slobs ? If you have seen the sci-fi cult-classic They Live you may already have a theory.John Carpenter , the writer/director of cult hits such as Halloween and Escape from New York decided to give us a possible answer with his visionary tale about a nameless nomadic construction worker , played by former wrestling star Roddy Piper , who stumbles upon a special pair of sunglasses which reveal high-society and dirty politicians as aliens who are controlling the human population through subliminal messages written on nearly every form of media . For example , the sunglasses reveal money to actually say `` This is your god '' , and a billboard advertisement telling people to `` get married and procreate '' . Now the film itself is quite hokey in a campy sort of way in terms . The fight scenes are cheesy and drawn out far too long . The script has some great one liners , for example the often imitated classic line `` I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass , and I 'm all out of bubble gum . '' And the acting from Piper is downright laughable at times . But these things do n't take away from the satirical , yet eerie , conspiracy theory that Carpenter is nearly force-feeding down the viewers throat.Thus , They Live has a great balance of social satire , chills , and comic relief to keep an audience tuned-in for it 's brief 95 minute run.There have also been rumors flying around about the possibility of a remake in the works under the umbrella of producers Marc Abraham and Eric Newman -LRB- 2004 's Dawn of the Dead , Slither -RRB- Bryan 's Grade for They Live
 This is a pretty good movie , that features WWF Wrestler Roddy Piper . If your a fan of wrestling and or SciFi , then this movie is right up your ally .
 I wanted to see this movie again . It went on here in Brazil only once on Tv and never got released on Theater or V&iacute;deo . It is very good . I love to see the subliminar messages ... It is how I feel in the real world .
 isnt this damn interesting , hmm , well lets just say that this very interesting movie links to what some people have been talking about for years , the new world order , and the order of the illuminati , fnord , hail eris.www.davidicke.com - if you liked this movie and thought that it was more real in fact then visit this website , this guy david icke has proof .
 For those of you flaming this movie - get a life . For the price this movie is a lot of fun , pure and simple . Look at the four-plus star rating , after several hundred reviews.Buy it as cheap as you can , and enjoy .
 I do n't know what it is about this movie but I love it . Is it `` Rowdy '' Roddy Piper , the misguided premise , the cheesy betrayel by the anti-humans , the kick - -LRB- ... -RRB- soundtrack , the absurd fight sequence between Piper and David -LRB- the scene was even parodied by South Park -RRB- , the hilarious one-liners
 I enjoyed this movie , which is much like `` The Matrix '' where people are living in a reality or conciousness created by an outside force . I find this very intriguing . It gets better if you read the conspiracy books by David Icke , who states explicitly that our rulers are just aliens or alien hybrids that took over the Earth in ancient times and have been running the show since then.If you buy into this or not , the movie is semi-entertaining , but is not for those who get spooked really easily because the thought of these ugly aliens being your next door neighbors is very creepy.This movie does raise some issues of why humanity is so easily controlled and where humanity might end up if people do n't wake up to the fact that they are being controlled by forces that are not easily understood . Already we are going into a `` New World Order '' and our rights are slowly being taken away due to recent events . Let 's see where it all goes .
 This is a classic movie about a gay couple who endured decades of staying together despite all of the obstacles out there . I enjoyed watching to see how their relationship had evolved and they are still together . A must see for all couples out there as another way to understand the test of time on relationships rather they are heterosexual or homosexual .
 A beautiful love story in real life , these two men are the proof that true love transends all . A must see!A documentary of true love and how two men have grown from young adulthood to old age side by side .
 I had never heard about Paul and Ralph before seeing this film , although I guess they were in the news quite often over the years . But as soon as the film started , I really began to care about them and their stories . In their 50 years together , they were part of history , did fun and interesting professions and were respected for their exceptional talents . Their relationship was wonderful to see . Sadly you just do n't hear about many couples staying together happily for that long these days . I loved it .
 The Mungers have hit this one out of the park - looking to make a PBS-style nature program extolling their faith-based worldview , Animals in the Bible presents a series of vignettes skillfully narrated in old-school fashion that simply `` proclaim the glory of God through His creation '' as seen through the eyes of the Mungers.Technically polished , this short work -LRB- some 30 minutes -RRB- moves briskly but not hurriedly , using a collection of stock and original footage -LRB- moving and still -RRB- and original music to look at various animals to make various points . There 's an occasional factual hiccup and the need to score theologically correct points sometimes overshadows the ride , but by and large it holds attention and makes the case it wants to.Seemingly aimed at a younger audience , Animals in the Bible is n't likely to convert the hardened skeptic but it is a great tool for reinforcing a particular perspective that many find wanting ; buy one for your young Sunday School class today if you want to support a prime example of current `` outside Hollywood '' DVD-making at its finest !
 I was awake at 3 am the other night and turned on the tube to TBN -LRB- Trinity Broadcasting Network -RRB- when I saw this special feature . I was riveted . The pace was quick enough to capture the attention of small children , the content deep enough to stir the thought of grown Christians . It was marvellous . Bravo , Munger ! And I saw by the credits that it was a family effort , making it all the more significant . Thank you so much for a great faith builder ! Blessings to you and your company . Joan H. RichardsonAuthor , A Thorn in My FleshWeb site :[ ... -RSB-
 I was pleasantly surprised to discover that Season 3 was at least as strong as Season 2 , if not stronger , which is quite a feat of writing.Duchovny is masterful throughout , and his stunning chemistry with his screen muse Karen , is the cornerstone of what has been an unparalleled series.Yep , it 's strictly adult entertainment , and it needs to be seen as , to paraphrase the beautiful Embeth Davidtz , a mockumetary of the crazy , no-consequence LA life that it is portraying . The show , from the beginning , has been a parody of itself , but it works.As we go into Season 4 , Hank will be facing some major challenges , partly due to his poor , reactive handling of the Mia situation in the Season 3 finale.Interesting times ahead .
 As a fan of the series up to this point I almost did not purchase this season via Video On Demand due to the negative reviews written here . Magically enough if you purchase the season or episodes you get the full pleasure of enjoying the series as it was meant to be viewed . It is not such a far stretch that Amazon would not allow a free viewing of a series with this sort of content without applying some sort of buffer to it ... it was simply a courteous way to offer an insight into the direction of this season . If you like the show than purchase the season and it wo n't disappoint ... if you are new to the show than start at season one ... and in closing ... do n't complain about free .
 This is the BEST series ever !!! I am addicted to this show and highly recommend it to adults 18 years and older due to adult language and situations . I do not miss an episode of this fantastic romantic comedy . David Duchovny is a sexy hunk of man that ca n't seem to help him self when it comes to flirting and hooking up with beautiful women . David has only one problem , he seems to forget that he has a teenage daughter living with him and a girlfriend , who is also the mother of his daughter . David is madly in love with his girlfriend Karen but he always seems to put his self in the wrong place at the right time ! This is a must see show ! You will become addicted after two shows ... watch and see .
 I have the memory of always having liked the first season more than the 2nd & 3rd . But I thought the third was good . I 'm only giving it a 5 to neutralize that rambling incoherent 3 star review . It definitely deserves a 4 . Worth watching if you liked the first season -- even if you were disappointed with the second -- and it feels like there will be an unbelabored and potentially very good 4th season .
 This show is 100 % pure awesome . You thought Duchovny was born to play Fox Mulder ? Who knew he 'd end up surpassing that role with Hank Moody , a flaky , laid-back and possibly washed-up writer who has n't put pen to paper in years?Season 3 begins with Hank making a stab at teaching writing in college . He runs into trouble with his student , his teaching assistant , and the Dean 's wife . Hank and Kare n't relationship remains complicated , and the acting-up of their daughter Becca matures into a new flavor of petulance . And every time Hank seems about to get things right , he finds a way to turn his life into a new and different kind of train wreck.Hank 's pal Runkle is headed for a divorce while working for one of the more memorable characters we 've seen on this show - an extremely rough-edged and intimidating talent agent played by Kathleen Turner . Early in the season , Turner 's voice and mannerisms seemed to me like too much , but by the end I thought she was a ton of fun . Runkle 's soon-to-be-ex Marcie even gets to meet and greet her one-time idol , Rick Springfield . You know , the actual Rick Springfield from the 80s . This show is smart , sexy , funny and even at times emotionally tender .
 Can we please get a review that 's based on the actual content of the product ? You know ... if you shell out the money and buy it like you 're supposed to . This is a great show . Edgy content , engaging storyline . Constantly towing the line between comedy and solid drama , and doing a good job of it at that . Duchovny puts on a consistently convincing performance of a good guy with some bad habits wading his way through a mid-life crisis . Admirable performances by the supporting actors and actresses . Highly recommended .
 Whatevr people saw that was censored , its not censored anymore . Great show ! Season three is still good -- though not quite as good as 1 and 2 .
 I find myself cracking up even more than usual . `` Dean Coontz '' is fantastic as the up-tight dean of the uni Hank is now working at -LRB- `` Bueler . . Bueler . . anyone ? Bueler . . -RRB- , and with Hank 's wife off in New York for a spell , the college setting provides a pretty good set-up . Runkle 's female agent boss is hilarious -LRB- `` You say harassment , I say a couple of big juicy orgasms between friends '' -RRB- , as is the continuing saga of Runkle 's marriage . Rick Springfield is one of his clients -LRB- turns out Runkle 's girl may be better than Jessie 's -RRB- . The end of this season will be sure to leave you wanting more from the ` rocket man ' and company . This is an addictive show and Season 3 goes out with a bang . Brilliantly filmed last scene .
 But very sad ending . I really enjoy the black comedy of this series and here in season three as a teacher ... oh come on . The series is funny and sexy and well written and this season might just be the best . All the players are in top form . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 Yeah , this series is filled with T&A and excellent writing . The multitude of plot surprises is worth every cent you pay . You will not be bored with CALIFORNICATION .
 I 've enjoyed David Duchovny since X-Files . He is so well cast in this series , as is the rest of the members . It 's smart , sexy and immensely entertaining . I hope for many more seasons to come !
 I was so blown away to see Rick Springfield 's performance in Season 3 . SEXY SEXY SEXY !!!!! He really added so much spice to the show . What a man . I will watch the dvd over and over again . The show was already good , but adding Rick 's character was brillant . I never thought I would see him in a role like this and he pulled it off perfect . Thus making the third season the best ever for me.FYI
 If you only watch one series , Californication has to be it . A smart comedy about a down on his luck author Hank Moody -LRB- David Duchovny -RRB- who continues to get the runaround from his girlfriend/mother of his daughter Karen and his daughter Becca , both of whom he is crazy in love with . Unfortunately for Hank , he has a habit of being irresistible to the opposite sex which gets him into constant trouble . I was a little disappointed in Karen this season . She is starting to get on my nerves by blowing everything Hank does out of proportion , yet when he tried to propose to her , she shot him down . Will someone tell her to make up her friggin ' mind already
 By my reckoning , Hank fornicates on average at least5 times a week with different women.I just hope he has stocks of anti-biotics . Great fun !
 This series is so good ! The box set has all the shows plus some added features . I ca n't wait for the next season to come out on boxed set !
 I absolutely love the Californication series . I had never watched it and had hardly heard of it until it was in the 4th season . I got Showtime for free and decided to DVR a few episodes -LRB- watched some from season 3 first -RRB- and was instantly hooked ! It 's a great show and I ca n't wait for the new season ! If you like sex , drugs , and Rock-n-Roll , you 'll love this show ! It 's true to life , touches on many real relationship issues , and has some outrageously funny & raunchy moments . I 'm a fan for life !!!
 for those of you who did not watch it to the very end , why even review it ? As a whole this season was well thought out and at the end we see what happens when your past comes back to haunt you . This show is funny and entertaining and the bad reviewers must think its supposed to turn into a higher art form ? It is what it is and continues to be witty . Not every moment is going to be everything YOU want it to be , so just enjoy the fun .
 Another great season from this series . Not as dark and down in the dumps as the previous two seasons , but it 's still got me laughing from start to finish . Rick Springfield is a trip and certainly adds to show . Highly recommend this show , all three seasons , and soon to be four.Small issue with the first disc -LRB- and hopefully just the first disc -RRB- . It plays fine , everything 's there and in working order . But , when you go to `` play all '' , it 'll only allow you to watch the first two episodes of disc one . After that , you will have to go into the episodes menu and pick the episodes to watch from there . A microscopic hassle , but a bearable one that does n't take away from this set . Just an advisory .
 though the new season is a bit more over the top , i still love the characters for their honesty and open failures . the words are almost lyrics at times , love it .
 hey you guys ! i 'm french and i was wondering if the dvd had french subtitles before i buy it.thank you for answering !
 It 's been working wonderfully , raunchly for two seasons ; why mess with it?It 's recommended I write between 75 and 300 words . So ... So the theme is extended nicely , maybe into more-believable CA lore . I lived for20 years in the Hollywood Hills , LA ; CAFORN 's rendition so is n't far off . It 's nowunobtrusively ABIT more serious and mature . No preaching . No harsh knockingof doing naughty stuff , just a few more implications there are consequences andbeing bad does come with some painful -LRB- or inconvenient -RRB- lessons from whichone should learn.But the girls are still beauiful , the sex is as close to X as possible , Hank as horny as ever , maybe moreso . A few ` immorality/substance abuse are bad ' lessons are slipped in , viatouches of angst , trouble , embarrassment and ennui ; not enough to curdle the cuddle-the-voyeaur formula . Okay , I 'm between 75 and 300 words.I hope they keep doing versions of what they 're doing . It 's like visiting the old homesteadyou grew up on . For a lucky few . You go Hank , or David . America needs more sticky-gooey irresponsible , edge-nudging vicarious sports to turn off the recession . .
 Californication is one of the greatest shows on TV these days . It 's funny , witty , smart and dramatic . If you 're looking for a great show that keeps you on your toes , then this show is for you . With each season , laughs are greater and plot gets better .
 Plain Hank shxgging everyone in this season . . to be honest , all u need to watch is the last episode of S3 in order to understand the beginning of S4 , but as a DD & Hank Moody fan ... I must say ... BUY THIS NO MATTER WHAT !!!!
 ... for loving , liking , or hating Californication . If you 've made it to Season 3 , you 've seen somewhat of an evolution in Hank Moody -LRB- emphasis on `` somewhat '' -RRB- and the show itself , from a highly entertaining , ALWAYS well-written but relatively shallow dissection of the California entertainment lifestyle -LRB- kind of a 40-something , high-six-figure Entourage -RRB- of Season 1 to a maturing , in his own reflective way , of Hank in Season 3 . You came for the gratuitous ribaldry , now stay for the reality of Hank 's life-choices setting in.Surely , many dislike Moody 's antics and devil-may-care attitude about pretty much everything he interacts with , but the grounding principle of Californication is the sheen of LA tarnishes quickly when real love and family are at stake . This is what I love about the show - it lures you in with its flash and fast-living , but reminds you frequently that the lifestyle Hank lives is n't what ultimately makes him , or probably anyone , happy.He 's the ultimate lithario , just good looking enough to inspire attraction and a high-functioning wordsmith that almost always seals the deal for him . As a guy watching the show , I would imagine most of us wish we could come up with , let alone manage to pull off , the verbage Hank Moody does seemingly every minute of every day . Still , its a hedonistic existence that doesnt bring him joy except in the short term - but if Hank grew-up , what would the show really be?To me , this is a writer 's show about a writer , and while there is plenty of sex and occasional action and drama , its the flawless , yet believably effortless dialogue that keeps me coming back season after season . I thought Season 3 began well and ended on a much higher level than any prior year , with Hank 's sins finally catching up with him in a big , big way . Would we all , on some level , like to behave like Hank Moody ? Season 3 reminds us that we 're better off watching him from a safe distance in 1/2 hour episodes . Watching on DVD , six hours flies by , and like any good train wreck , its fast , spectacular , impossible to look away , and ultimately heart-breaking .
 i love this show great show my favortie show on showtime david duchovny and evan handler are my favorite characters on the show the third season is good and its better than the second season but not as good as the first season the first season is great my favorite season out of them all so far but all the other seasons are enjoyable as well
 The merchandise arrived in a timely fashion And I enjoyed watching the continued season to try and catch up . I would purchase from seller again .
 This is one of my favorite shows and Moody one of my favorite characters on television right now . If I miss an episode Amazon is my go-to to catch up .
 This season is great , not quite seasons 1 and 2 , but still pretty darn good . However , by the end of the season you find yourself asking why Hank would screw up again and again . Well that is addressed in season 4 so you will just have to wait and see . It is a typical season full of laughs , frustrating , and at times emotionally painful moments . Still a great watch for those looking for interesting , creative television .
 I seen some of the 1 and 2 stars that people gave this season and it is hard for me to believe that someone watched this whole season and did not like it . Twelve episodes and gave it one star ? Lets be real , This series has everything that a human could want , love , laughter , and the drive to pursue things in life that really matters .
 I really think this is one of the funniest and best TV shows out there right now . He really is a good actor .
 Best episode yet ... I 'm watching these for the first time and the story/characters are great ! I < 3 me some Duchov ! It 's not just random banging like in the beginning . Awesome , awesome show , great job !
 Season Three of `` Californication '' features Hank -LRB- David Duchovney -RRB- and Becca -LRB- Madeline Martin -RRB- roughing it alone out in L.A. while Karen -LRB- Natascha McElhone -RRB- is living in New York City . Hank takes a job as a creative writing instructor at a local college , where he inevitably gets involved in many romantic entanglements with the wife of the dean , his teaching assistant , and even one of his students . The season has some incredibly funny moments , many of which include guest stars Kathleen Turner -LRB- who plays Charlie 's sex-crazed boss -RRB- and Rick Springfield -LRB- who plays himself -RRB- . Unfortunately , though , the show has never been able to recapture the brilliance of the first season , and that left me majorly unsatisfied , especially after the depressing season finale . I hope that `` Californication '' gets its act together for Season Four , and if that can not happen , then the next season should definitely be the last .
 The third season brings just as much entertainment as the first two seasons . DD is his normal self at first , but then starts an enormous transformational process . The season finale is one of the best of any show I 've ever seen . I just ordered season 4 to make sure I see how it all pans out .
 Arrived sooner than expected ! Quality was decent . This is a great show - we 're obsessed ! Ca n't wait to start season 4 !
 If you have seen this show then you do n't need me to say anything if you have n't let me say GREAT SHOW !! It is not for the faint of heart but if you like a thinkers adult comedy this is as good as it gets . Be warned the content can be raunchy at times but all in content . A definint most see .
 Only reason I purchased this was because my stupid DVR is acting up and did n't tape it . One of my favorite shows though .
 David Duchovny owns his role as Hank Moody , a character you 'll likely never , ever forget ! Along with his pretty typically , slightly more mature girlfriend -LRB- Natasha McElhone -RRB- , ever hopeful to be the love of his life , as well as him trying to deserve her love.Their out of wedlock daughter Becka -LRB- Madaleine Martin -RRB- deserved the Emmy and other awards won.I was so happy to see a season 4 and just heard a 5th season was signed up Jan. 2011 for this late 40 's something hit . The attitude of the times as well as location add to what it takes to make this Showtime hit click.The other characters , his agent Charlie Runkle and his wife Marcy -LRB- Karens best friend -RRB- add flow to the hilarious events in the life of Hank and his , or always trying to keep and maintain as his , but just keeps screwing up in a way that keeps the audience loving him , even when they 're mad , depending who 's watching ... Always keeping the worst of emotions at an arms length and using the lessons learned in the Hollywood/L . A. lifestyle.Love every episode !
 Yes , the story lines are n't as fresh as season 1 , but I 'm still laughing and David D is still doing his thing .
 `` The Familiar '' tells the story of a former preacher named Sam who is struggling to cope with the death of his wife , and who is emotionally and spiritually manipulated by his estranged and attractive sister-in-law named Laura . To get help with her manipulation , Laura opens herself up to possession by a demon named Rallo . I wo n't tell you why Laura is using the demon to manipulate Sam because I do n't want to give too much away . I will tell you that there are almost no creepy scenes during the first hour of the movie . Instead , the story focuses on the development of the two main characters . This actually works quite well and leads to an ending that is surprisingly emotional . The acting of the secondary characters is not always of the highest caliber , but there is nothing so poorly performed that it distracts from the story . Laura Spencer 's portrayal of the estranged sister-in-law is spectacular ! Her presence on screen is completely captivating ! I would recommend this movie based on her performance alone . `` The Familiar '' leaves no doubt about holding to a Christian point-of-view , which may turn some people off . At the same time , however , some Christians may be turned off by the movie 's dark -LRB- and at times sensual -RRB- themes . Everyone else will be treated to an entertaining tale that is sometimes very creepy -LRB- but not necessarily scary -RRB- and at other times quite moving .
 Pop Skull is a small movie about a small town romance that goes very , very bad . What makes this such an interesting film is that the director Adam Wingard and lead actor Layne Hughes tell this story in a highly stylistic way -- the film is filled with stuttering jump cuts , photographic burns , trippy audio and jumps in the time line . While watching the film you truly feel like you are witnessing the events through the eyes of the drugged out protagonist . Trying to figure out what is real and what is hallucination is part of the fun.This is one of my favorite art-horror films of all time . While it might not be for everyone , fans of David Lynch , Larry Clark and experimental Soderbergh may love it .
 This is an amazing film . Adam Wingard is a genius and Lane Hughes role in the film is perfection . My prediction is that both are a household name in the next few years .
 This film is a total mind trip , I could n't sleep after watching it . Pop Skull is not for the faint of heart , but for serious horror fans .
 Excellent bluray ... The only bad thing is the Spanish translation , is a mess , poorly made translation , please think before you translate do as bad translation ... Excelente bluray ... Lo unico malo es la traducci&oacute;n al espa & ntilde ; o , es un ASCO , traducci&oacute;n mal hecha , porfavor PENSAR antes de traducir hacer tan mala traducci&oacute;n ...
 found it quite entertaining . also interesting to see their interpretations of certain episodes . also enjoyed the actors commentary before the episodes . definitely was n't bad for the price .
 I 'm a casual viewer of the Live action Supernatural series and an anime fan so when a friend of mine brought over this set i was happily surpised by how good it was . We watched all the episodes in one sitting . From the episodes I 've seen it truly captures the feel of the T.V. series but makes the show it 's own but adding twists on the original plots and adding in characters all of which make the series fresh . Personally I would LOVE a second season of this since the ending leaves things nice and open .
 I am very pleased with the Anime Series . I read the reviews which were good , and went ahead and bought it and watched it . It is worth every penny . The animation is very good , pleasing to watch . Most of the stories are originals , that somehow fill in back story or tell stories about characters in the series that you did not know about before . For instance , there is a story about Sam 's fiance , as a child , she was at a sleep over where the kids summoned Bloody Mary . Then 10 years later to the day , while in college , her friends each start dying off . Sam meets her during this time , with all the craziness of her friends being killed . Then there is a lot of back story with their father , John . Some of the hunting that John and Dean were doing while Sam was going to school , etc. . I guess if I had to complain about anything , it would be that the stories are only about 30mins long each . But they do a decent job of telling them in that time frame .
 This is a fun and enjoyable Anime presentation of the series . I enjoyed the various episodes provided a relaxing variation of the TV series if an additional set of provided I will purchase them . If you like the TV series try this set .
 if you are a fan of Supernatural than this is a must for you . This anime series adds to the culture of Supernatural . The good and the bad of it is this
 Excellent . I 'm anxiously awaiting the next installment , if there is going to be one . If you love animation and you love the Supernatural series then you ca n't go wrong with this perfect mixture of both . At first I was a little dissapointed because the first few episodes were just remakes of the original CW series but it took on a completely different direction once they began the original storylines . Through the power of animation they were able to take our heroes to a new dimension and it works !!! I highly recommend this for anyone out there who wants more from the series .
 As a huge fan of the live action SUPERNATURAL show , I was very excited by this new way of telling the Winchester story , perhaps too excited . Personally I do not find the anime style of story telling as engaging as live action - too many long lingering shots of snow falling or close ups of shocked -LRB- read
 I have been a fan of Supernatural ever since it started , so when I found out it was being adapted into an anime series I was skeptical , but still interested . After watching the first two discs I must admit I am both pleased and surprised by how well the animated version of the show is pulled off . So let 's start off with the many positives of the show . First should be obvious since with animation the show has fewer limitations and can pull of some really cool scenes and monsters/demons etc. . Another huge plus of this anime are the original anime episodes , the remakes of the live action are pretty good to though , but the anime exclusive episodes really make this dvd worth while . If I had any minor gripes with the series it is that the way episodes are condensed it seems like that sometimes the emotional aspect of the live action is a little lacking . Also at times if you have not seen the live action some of the things happening in the anime will be a little confusing . Like I said these are very minor gripes and really do not take away from my overall enjoyment of this series . I look forward to seeing more of this series in the future and more original anime episodes
 WONDERFUL ANIME ! A must buy for any Supernatural fan , you can preview it on youtube if you feel you need to .
 When my friend told me about this animated series , I was n't expecting much . Hell I was thinking `` why ??? '' . But after one episode I was hooked , even if the first couple of episodes are pretty much just remakes of episodes from the first season , only shorter and done a little different . Being an half hour shorter those episodes actually work as well as the original ones they are based off of.While the original episodes are about as solid . I 'd recommend renting the Supernatural Anime Series before buying it though , just to see if it 's for you . As a fan of the live action show , I was able to get into this easily though .
 I have to admit I was excited to hear that Supernatural was getting animated , but , at the same time , I was somewhat hesitant to watch it . I am a supernatural fan and I watch anime , but , when a live series gets converted into animation or vis versa , sometimes the elements that make the show good gets lost . Regardless , I pre-ordered the discs and found that I was pleasantly surprised.If there is one word to describe this anime series , it is dark . Not that Supernatural the TV series is supposed to be all `` sunshine and roses , '' the animation gives a dark , eerie atmosphere . I guess it helped that animations do not have some of the limitations that performing live do . From the skin walker bursting out of human skin to fights on top of a high-story building , the animated series definitely had more freedom with the sceneries , settings , and monsters . Of course , there are some funny moments in the series too . I watched the `` The Spirit of Vegas '' in dubbed and Japanese English-subtitled . Personally , I thought that the Japanese version was funnier because some of the sounds that were present in the Japanese version were missing in the dubbed.Though viewers will have a richer experience watching the live supernatural series first , the animated series is not a repeat of the live series and can stand on its own . Yes , the episodes based on the live series do follow story line they are based from with some changes and , yes , it does end with `` All Hell Breaks Loose , '' the last episode of season 2 . However , with the two original episodes that introduce supernatural characters from Japanese mythology and the other original episodes and characters mixed in , the animated series could be viewed as an alternative story that follows the same core of season 1 and 2 -- two brothers , on the road , hunting monster while trying to find and destroy the yellow-eyed demon -- and that explores the backgrounds and motivations of some characters who were not stressed in the live series . On that note , I would definitely recommend this series for anyone who wants to see side stories to the live series or just plain enjoy anime . Oh but be forewarned some of the animated versions of the characters take some getting used to -LRB- example
 Some people in the series look different . Others take greater or lesser roles . Some episodes were based off the TV series episodes directly , others were anime originals . With that in mind I still think it was very true to the source material . Thumbs up from a Supernatural fan . -LRB- well up to season six anyhow :P -RRB-
 This is a great buy for a few reasons . One it covers season one with its own twists and original little things , and has original stories to fill in certain unanswered things like how sam met jessica and about meg . This being an anime allows them to use flashy stuff liek with the shapeshifter since the live action 's budget does n't allow for much according to eric kripe . It has orginal story and the ones from the show with cool twists and the animation is just freaking awesome . For any anime fan they know most male characters dont have eyelashes sinc eit ia taboo in anime but in her they added it for sam and dean to give them the hotness , no homo . Also shadows with detail and full black added which most anime dont do , and the characters are detailed unliek most anime where they are simple figures colored in n all . just watch the speacial feature on the dvd to see what i mean . I could go on , but overall great buy and entertaining . Only one problem , even thoguh jared voices sam whole 22 ep jensen only voices last 2 , but that is ok because the guy who does the first 20 is n't bad . Hope this helped , and help out supernataurl by buying this so they can make more . thanks .
 `` Supernatural
 Being a big fan of the television series I was really interested to see what they 'd done with it in anime and I was not disappointed . Some of the stories are original and some are based on stories in seasons one and two . But even the ones that were based on TV episodes were done creatively and still original enough that it just felt like a deleted scenes episode or something like that . I especially enjoyed the fact that the animation allows them to expand on some of the effects of the monsters ; the skinwalker and werewolf were really good and could never have been done this way without big movie budget.They also had some interesting original stories and back-stories on characters -LRB- like Meg Masters -RRB- that were great and felt like they enhanced the storyline that was already established.I would say the only things I found disappointing about it was the little things that I love about Supernatural . Seeing Dean in that quilted jacket instead of the leather was disconcerting and took away from his characterisation for me . I found myself struggling to accept the voice of Andrew Farrar as Dean not only because he did n't sound like the Jensen Ackles Dean that I have grown to love , but he just did n't hit the mark sometimes on portraying the Dean-ness of Dean . The last two episodes where Jensen does the vocals was much more satisfying and I wish he had done the entire series . But there were also times that I felt Jared was a little weak on playing Sam here as well , so I 'm assuming that it was perhaps due to the director . The dialogue is at times a little cheesy as anime can be and a few times I felt like the TV Sam or Dean might not have said/done that , but it was pretty minimal.Jared and Jensen do little intros before each episode and some are awkward and even poorly filmed , so I felt like those could have been done better and really enhanced the video collection here.Overall , this kept the spirit of the television show and the animation was beautiful and definitely made this a necessary addition to any Supernatural collection . I hope they plan to continue it on and do the rest of the seasons as well .
 I must confess , I 've only seen two episodes of `` Supernatural . '' But when I heard they were making an anime based on the first couple seasons , my interest was piqued -- and the resulting series is a dark , eerie one with golden-eyed demons , splatters of blood , and supernatural mysteries aplenty . The one major downside
 I am a 61 year old fan of the live action Supernatural TV series . Before now , I 've never watched anything other than a few bits of anime so I bought this series with a little trepidation . However , it was well worth the money . If you are n't familiar with anime it is similar to watching comic book scenes in a 3D format -LRB- very simplistic description -RRB- . However , this anime was so much more . It is stylized and artistic , with both bold and subtle uses of hard lines , color , and especially shadows . The characters are also fully developed . I have n't watched all of the episodes yet , but the ones that I have seen were very well done , artistic , yet easy to watch , and with very good writing . The episodes based on the live action series do not follow exactly along the same lines , which should keep the fan of the live action series watching and guessing . Each episode is about 30 minutes long . The new episodes seem to be well written , are in keeping with the original series even expanding on some of the characters we are already familiar with , and they also introduce some new monsters . With anime , there is more blood and obvious violence and the monsters are much more pronounced and for lack of a better description , monster-like . The special features are also well worth watching . I found the two segments on making of the anime to be fascinating . I had expected most of the anime work to be done on the computer but was surprised at how much of the initial scene development was drawn and edited using pencil and paper . Some of the feature interviews are a little hard to follow since you have to read the English subtitles , but I thought it was worth the effort , and occasionally J&J ; or Eric Kripke will add a comment . There are also extensive interviews -LRB- with answers in English , no subtitles -RRB- with Eric , Jensen and Jared together , and then each separately . Even with some repetition in those interviews , they were interesting and worth watching . J&J ; also introduce each episode , but do n't expect a lot , each intro is only a few seconds long.The only disconcerting thing for me was the voice over work . Since Jensen only voiced a couple of episodes -LRB- the last two -RRB- , it is a little weird at first to hear the familar voice of Sam , without the familiar voice of Dean . After watching a couple of episodes though you get used to it .
 Ive been a fan of Supernatural since day one and being a fan of anime also i thought it was a perfect match . I got an early copy of seasons one and two on dvd that a buddy of mine let me have and im watching it now as i write . all i have to say is that , if you love the series , youre going to love the anime . its just as good as the live action series . the same guy who plays Sam is the voice of himself in the anime . i do plan on buying it on blu-ray on release date .
 As a fan of both Supernatural and anime , I awaited the release of these DVDs like I used to wait for Christmas morning when I was a kid -- but unlike Christmas morning , I was not disappointed when I got these DVDs . I almost do n't want to watch all the way to the end , because then it 's over!Now , this is anime , and it was made in Japan , so sometimes -LRB- as always happens in anime -RRB- the characters over-react to certain situations in a very un-American way , but that 's an anime thing , and I love it anyway . It was wonderful that Jared Padalecki voiced Sam , and I have n't gotten to the ones with Jensen Ackles yet -LRB- the last two episodes -RRB- , but I did eventually get used to the non-Dean voice -- and Andrew Farrar did a good job.One thing I miss -- the music ! Aside from Carry On My Wayward Son -LRB- which they use on the end titles -RRB- , there is no classic rock , no southern rock anthems , none of the Winchester boys ' music ! I miss it , but not enough to spark any real complaints or make me stop watching.If you 're not an anime fan but love Supernatural , you 're going to love this series . It has all the main ingredients -- Sam , Dean , the Impala , monsters and ghosts . They remade some of the live-action episodes , making them different enough to keep them interesting , but not taking away from the actual story-lines -LRB- one exception was `` Moonlight '' which was based on `` Heart '' from the second season -- it was good , but no where near as heart-wrenching as the original -RRB- . They also added in some episodes that were based on the comics -LRB- which I 'm now dying to read -RRB- , and also some anime complete originals . And in case you 're wondering which is which , Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles do quick intros to each episode . I 'll bet that once you watch this series , you 'll want to look into other anime.If you 're an anime fan but have never watched Supernatural , this is a great introduction to the Winchesters ' world . And it has a different look than most anime , with its use of shadows and light , the color pallet and the look of most of the characters , while at the same time preserving what makes Japanese anime wonderful -- characters that are not bland or cookie-cutter , who show emotion in their faces and stances , and are most definitely NOT cartoons.All in all , a wonderful buy for any anime or Supernatural fan , or any combination of the two .
 You have to be an anime lover to enjoy this . . I watch both the real version and the anime version . . and I like the anime version . Its different . The story move much faster . So far they are killing lowly demons . No Angles or Highly name Demons yet.They just trying to find out about why Sam 's Mother & Girlfriend was killed the same way . They all are after the Colt -LRB- gun -RRB- to kill the Yellow eye Demon who they think is responsible for killing the women . They will be united w / their father and Bob Singer who are hunters.For animations and supernatural lovers . . you 'll enjoy this series . . I know I have . SO far . .
 Awesome show ! The guys are pretty much true to form . Love how they used episodes from the real show . Sweet !
 I did n't know what to expect . My boyfriend loves the Supernatural series so I thought it 'd be cute to buy the anime even though hes not into anime too much . I was so worried he would n't like it beause it 's actually not Deans real voice -LRB- until the last episodes -RRB- but we started watching them and couldnt stop ! He loved it ! and I did too ! made me want to watch the real series . . and you can barely tell thats not Jensens voice . . so close ! and thats coming from my boyfriend a huge fan . Got it just in time before christmas and just didnt get to write a review .
 If you love supernatural and you love anime then you must get this , this is great for any supernatural fan and if you watch anime regularly then there is no way you will be disappointed . I just want to know when will they make more supernatural anime 's this was pretty cool .
 Fastest that I 've evre gotten anything from amazon . . The disc for the supernatural set were in excellent condition . Great product just as advertised , so I give my reconmendation .
 The stories are well written . About half of the anime are previous TV shows which are now included in this series . The other half are original stories and of high quality . The voices are done well , and the series is well worth watching and re-watching .
 I enjoyed the show Supernatural on T.V. . So this Anime show , you will enjoy also if you liked or loved Supernatural shows !
 This Anime series is very different from the live action version but still touches on key points in the original series . They are able to do alot more action wise as its animation . One thing that bothered me was that JP did all of the episodes as Sam but JA only did two as Dean . The rest of the episodes were split between like two or three other voice actors . Besides that , It 's actually watchable and I really hate anime .
 I enjoyed this series but it was not completely what I expected . I expected the boys to be better looking then they are in this series but some of the main characters are less hot then the not main characters so that ruined a little for me but other then that I enjoyed watching it .
 My son found this on a different site and asked me to order so he could give to his sister for her birthday . I chose to see if I could find it on Amazon instead . I received it very quickly and for $ 5.00 less than the other site.He is happy that it cost less and that it came in plenty of time for her birthday.She was very happy to receive this gift .
 Even though I bought this used , it did n't show that much except in the edged and on of the inside clips that hold the DVDs was broken . I was able to glue it on , but that had no affect on the DVDs . A great product .
 Got here earlier than I expected , and the product is amazing ! No disappointments here ! Consider me a satisfied customer , yup !
 As a huge Supernatural fan , when I Japan was releasing an anime series for the show I was thrilled . Must say , even though the differences among characters in the anime and characters in the live-action were off-putting at first , I made it through the entire 22 episode season and by the end it had me loving it . Jared Padalecki gave a great voice-over for Sam , and I thought it was a wise choice for him to play the role . The anime most certainly has more gore and better looking monsters -LRB- because well , a live-action TV show has it 's limits -RRB- , and if you 're a fan of that kind of this you 'll love it as I did .
 When I first heard about Supernatural becoming an anime I was a little skeptical . I 'm not a huge anime fan to begin with , but I love the show and thought I would give it a try . Although I know there are a few out there who disagree with me , I find the anime to be very entertaining . It also stuck to the main point of the story with some original ideas . It 's not often that a live action TV series would become an anime , so I imagine this was a great honor for not only the main actors , but the creator Eric Kripke as well . The animation looks well done with beautiful backgrounds and although the live action Sam and Dean have a more in depth relationship , the anime brothers are well done and stories are entertaining . I really liked that they were able to get Jared Padalecki to do the English voice for Sam and even though Jensen Ackles was only able to do two episodes , Andrew was a fair substitute for Dean . I guess I would recommend that you do n't knock it till you 've tried it .
 It was a great buy . I love Supernatural , and my girlfriend loves Anime , so we found the best of both worlds.It is very well made , but intense fans of the t.v. series may be put off not by the big storyline changes , but the little ones.But once you get used to it , this is a great anime to add to any collection.I look forward to the next one !
 Supernatural is a show I 've been watching since its premier and have been in love with since it hit the ground running . From the lore , to the characters , to the locations dotting our tattered map , there 's little there that is n't to love . So when I heard that Supernatural would be coming in the form of an Anime series , by one of my favorite anime production companies -LRB- Madhouse -RRB- , I was as close to doing backflips as I could ever manage to urge my body to . However , I think I was unrealistically hoping for a little bit more , or maybe a little different , then I actually got from the animated series.I did happen to wait a while for it to come down in price , because I 'm a bit of a bargain hunter that way , but now that I 've watched it a few times I 'm pretty sure that I made the right choice to wait . Its not to say the Anime version of my beloved show is bad - its far from bad - its just a decidedly different spin on the mythos , characters and really the entire tone of the series.The Animation takes place within seasons 1 and 2 of the main series , with the overarching plot threads of both those seasons pretty much intact . This was a good thing for me as a fan , because I never felt lost when it came to the storyline , even if it may have been nice to have a completely different story all together . But where the plot remains the same most of the episodes are completely different , if not completely original to this series . And this brings about mixed results.Having gone back and watched the first two seasons after seeing this , you can tell which episodes were lifted from the original for the anime , and its a refreshing new coat of paint for many of them . Most , if not all , of their story and scripts seemed in tact , if a bit edited down for time and format -LRB- seeing as each episode of this is only 23 minutes or so -RRB- and the changes made to these stories are hardly the worst thing that could happen in the world . Actually , I found I liked the ending to one of the anime episodes much better then the live action series -LRB- but this result was n't the norm across the board -RRB- . Where the set really takes a spin in an irregular direction is the original episodes . These episodes generally try to flesh out story bits that we otherwise never see in the original series , like , as an example , a little more about the other `` blessed '' children that end up in the ghost town -LRB- which was more of a post apocalyptic cityscape here . Very , Japanese . Very Anime -RRB- fighting to survive the night and become old Yellow Eye 's general , with Sam . This series also tells you a little more about what John Winchester is doing while he 's avoiding the boys . All of which is a nice thing to see if it was n't for how the tone of these original episodes did n't shift the whole feel of the show from quirky and melodramatic , to decisively , almost gut-wrenchingly , hardline dramatic . It works , but it just does n't feel right with the Supernatural name branded on it . One episode , in which Sam and Dean head to Vegas -LRB- which is a trip mentioned in one of the episodes early on in the live action series , that we never see -RRB- adds a bit of lighthearted levity to the whole back of tricks , but feels awkward amongst everything else.The other thing that makes these original episodes stand out is the fact that , for the most part , these episodes use very Japanese centered folklore to provide an antagonist and story . This , was a bit of a double edge sword for me . In one case I liked it , because I greatly appreciate Japanese culture , specially when I have the opportunity to learn something new about it and its folklore . But in the other case , the case of watching it with someone who loves the original series as much as I do , but does n't really know or care all that much about Japanese culture , it became a bit of a pain , because , like most things in Supernatural , the ins and outs of the lore were glossed over , but ultimately because of the time frame we 're given to watch the story unfold , we 're left with even half the usual understanding of the lore by the end . This raised a lot of questions from my friend , and many of which I could n't answer , simply because I was new to that piece of folklore . Its hardly enough to jump to the conclusion and say `` Do n't watch the series ! '' but its something to keep in mind when it happens , just so you do n't wrinkle your nose too hard -- if anything it 'll have you on google the next day.Also , I feel like it needs to be mentioned for the sake of mentioning , and it maybe a nitpick , the idea of having things VERY rooted in Japanese culture and folklore , making the very Japanese mark they do in any American setting , without the express notion that this - whatever - was carried here or drifted here from the far east , really does make these things feel out of place . I respect the need to appeal to the place where this version of the show first aired , I just wish that when it was dubbed over for American audiences they snuck in more nods to how these things might have made it state side , given that things that were generally not strictly American legend did n't really end up showing up in the live action series till about after season 5 . Other then this the series takes new directions with some of the characters . You wo n't really recognize John Winchester or Bobby Singer -LRB- and Bobby takes a larger role it feels like , earlier on , but this maybe because of the melding of the two seasons into one whole -RRB- . It does n't hurt the series to see a change in them , but its a little hard to get used to at first . You 'll recognize Dean , but if your like me you 'll think they went a little too heavy on his boyish looks and not enough on the rugged side Jensen often brings . Sam , well . . Is Sam . They pretty much nailed him.Speaking of , do n't expect to hear the original cast dubbing this series . The only actor from the original series who came for the full run of the anime was Jared Padalecki . Supposedly the story goes that due to scheduling conflicts Jensen Ackles could n't voice Dean for more then two episodes . His replacement , Andrew Farrar , does a good job , but knowing it was n't Jensen really made it stand out to me that it was n't really Dean talking . Farrar sounds close enough , but you notice he needs time to get comfortable with it across a few of the first episodes , and he does n't quite have down all of Jensen 's inflections . You also wo n't realize till you hear it how much those inflections really matter to Dean 's character , if you watch this against the live action series . Otherwise , to go with their new looks , characters like Bobby get totally new voices and for the most part I feel they fit the bill.Overall , this series will provide you a good could nights of entertainment if your a fan of the show , and may confuse you a little if your not-so-up on the show as is . The animation is great and the voice cast is solid , and the episodes where it fills in the blanks are a nice edition despite some of the inconsistency you might find between the tone of this series over that of the live action one . If you can manage to get it at a good price -LRB- I would n't pay over $ 25 , if its fair to put such a thing in a review -RRB- you 'll probably be pretty pleased with what you get .
 GRAPHICS ARE CRISP AND SHARP . AS A HUGE ANIME BUFF & FAN OF SUPERNATURAL THE TV SERIES I WILL ADMIT JAPAN DID AN ABSOLUTE EXCELLENT JOB TURNING THIS INTO AN ANIME . ABSOLUTELLY ONE OF MY TOP FAVORITE ANIME SERIES NOW . CAN NOT WAIT TILL A SEASON 2 IS RELEASED !
 if you like the show youll like this too , i just finished watching a few eps and they were very cool -LRB- i dont write reviews but this changed my mind for once -RRB- . the commentaries before each show from Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ross Ackles help with questions about the story line and are a good add for the series , hope it lasts
 It plays well and the true blue Supernatural fan loves this . My 15 daughter thought this was soo cool ! It adds to her collection . Will continue to add to it .
 I will admit I was abit skeptical at first about them bringinning out a anime series of such a great show because sometimes when great shows get really big and well known they try to spread it out in to many formats that just ruining the whole thing . But not with the anime series I was thoroughly impressed with the story line and graphics of the series . Yes it was a play off of season one and two but their were also episodes completely based from a whole different approach as well and told more information about a few characters from the show you didnt know . I have been a fan of the live action series pretty much since day one , the story layout for each episode is great . I 've also been into anime for a long time so when i heard about a anime series of the show coming I was like any anime fan . Couldnt hurt to take a peak and I was glad I did and so will you . So if your a fan of the show I would definetly try a few episodes out and if your a fan of anime give this series a tryout because after a few episodes you will want to watch the live action series . Its just that good ; you will get hooked just like that .
 I love this Anime series . Of course I love the live series as well -LRB- except for season 6 . Do n't get me started . -RRB- so that did n't hurt either . Jensen Ackles does n't always do the voice for Dean which made me disappointed at first , but it 's still pretty good . Nearly every episode is loosely based on the live show , but in my opinion , it was still easy to follow . I hope they release more of these . I 'll be the first in line to buy them .
 AMERICAN NINJA V -LRB- 5 -RRB- is one of the more fun -LRB- family / kids -RRB- martial arts movies I have seen . Cute kid . Nice , compelling story of his journey to become a Ninja and a man . I highly recommend this for family viewing . My two sons loved it .
 Not the best martial arts movie ever made , but I did n't want the best martial arts movie ever made . I wanted vast amounts of entertaining cheese . American Ninja 5 delivered ! Do n't even try to take it seriously .
 This movie is great , and is so funny I pi ** ed my pants , and my friend had an asthma attack .
 American Ninja 5 is a great movie . Defenitely one of the best in the series . American Ninja 5 story is very story to follow . The action keeps you guessing till the end .
 I Admit that it was a low budget movie and action scenes were extremely primitive . But I could n't find anything wrong about Snipes . It was a very good movie and the story was reasonable and intresting . Remember that , many foreign adorable movies make with low budgets . comparing the quality of a movie with it 's budget is absolutely wrong . I Also admit that this movie did not suit Snipes , but that does n't mean Snipes is a falling star.I think people who rated this movie with one or two stars , have expected Rambo out of it and got dissapointed . this was a memorable movie and the storyline was rather new . so the real and honest grade of it was 3.5 stars ot of 5 . but I gave it 5 stars to increase its rating .
 This movie was GREAT ! Not because it was good , but because it was so bad you ca n't stop laughing . I watched it with a buddy of mine and together we were able to identify at least 3 other films they stole footage from
 GOOD SOUNDTRACT AND ACTION ALL THROUGHT THE MOVIE . WESLEY SNIPES IS A FAVORITE.THE BAD GUYS SEEM INVINSIBLE , SO IT MAKES THE OTHERS LOOKREALLY GOOD.ALL THE ACTORS ARE AMAZING .
 THIS MOVIE IS REALLY GOOD , I ENJOY WATCHING IT.I LOVE ANY MOVIE THE STARS EMMA SAMMS SHE A GREAT ACTRESS.EMMA DID A GREAT JOB IN THIS MOVIE.THE MOVIE HAS GREAT ACTION SCENES AND IT KEEPS YOU INTERESTED.I ENJOYED WESLEY SNIPES AND EMMA SAMMS IN THIS MOVIE.I WOULD SAY THE IS ONE OF THE BETTER ACTION FILMS I 'VE SEEN .
 Picture quality is good . Story line typical of good and bad guys . Action is very good .
 For all of us -LSB- the uninitiated -RSB- in the true life of our great military men , well we could n't tell the diference in the errors.Once we had gotten past the gaging booty bouncers the action was in keeping with entertainment . Not quite what was expected of an expert marksman , but there has to be a certain mind set to pull it off.It seems like there was some double dealing in Russian military - which Samms was asked to ferret out.The Marksman , an elite U.S. Special Forces operative -LSB- grin -RSB- decided the the rescue was just a little too convenient and then , of course , the rescued shows their true colors and the helicopter blows . Great indication that the Americans were set up.Greatly loved the secondary target marker the Marksman set - all he had to do was stop the first marker - did enjoy his slide into the break in the floor.Oh , yeah , and the team showing up at the last minute - just never figured out how they got picked up at the end.Again this is a personal choice movie - just wish I knew how to delete some scenes -
 During recent weekends , I had spent some leisure time to watch three action movies on cable television.The three movies shared a common thread
 The setup is great and also i think it is realistic -LRB- most of the film -RRB- . I think it is a good movie but it had his faults . Look at the glases Wesley wears in the movie , sometimes he does and sometimes he does not . Minor mistake and i do n't believe it has a negative influence on the film . But there are a few more , have you found them ? I give 4 stars . Wesley Snipes has done better films than this in my opinion thats why i do n't give it 5 .
 I know what you 're thinking
 This movie is more like 31/2 stars but at the time of writing this it was at 2.5 and that 's too low . I enjoy a lot of remakes since they still feel like a different movie and have different elements and a lot of the times are better . I have n't seen the Japanese version and I do n't care too , I do n't get a hard on over foreign films . This was pretty entertaining and kept a decent pace however and the acting was pretty good . A good story even if it was kinda predictable towards the end , worth the watch and underrated !
 I do n't like horror nor watched the original . I bought it because Rachael took the time to make it . But it 's really powerful , and so is my friends ' opinion . I 'd give it 4 stars because the flow is a little bit slow . However Joshua and Rachael deliver a superb performance .
 Ok , I hesitated buying this movie because of the reviews here and from what I had heard . I own the original Thai release of this movie and love it . I decided to buy this movie and I 'm not sorry that I did . It is not that bad . The photography was good , the effects were good , the actors were good ... the story is not original , it is borrowed ... but then again so are most the stories out there . I liked the twist on the ending that this one had . Give this movie a chance and do n't listen to horror movie snobs who probably only give a 5-star if peoples limbs are hanging on by a thread and there are buckets of blood and guts . If you want a good movie about a ghost haunting someone that did them wrong , then you wo n't be sorry with this movie .
 I wanted to buy this movie , so I figured I would check out some reviews here on Amazon.After reading said reviews , I was somewhat discouraged and thought renting might be a better idea . Since I knew I would at least enjoy the location shots in Japan , renting would n't be a waste.Well , I was pleasantly surprised ! I really enjoyed this movie . It may well have some minor plot flaws , but what movie does n't ? All in all , I found it intriguing and pretty well-paced . To me it was as much a mystery as a horror flick . Having both those elements is what maintained my interest.I 've never seen the original Thai movie ; however , now I intend to buy both versions . Even my husband and daughter liked it!Maybe this movie is n't one everyone enjoyed , but sometimes it 's a good idea to check it out for yourself .
 I liked `` THE RING '' the rest of the japanese remakes next to this one do n't compare.Personally I thought this story was unique , even though there were some parts of the movie that were n't original.Over all I liked it better than the `` The Grudge '' or `` The Eye '' . This movie will not change my oponion about Sushi !! LOLI rate this movie a 5 of 5 stars !!
 The original Thai film is one of my favorites in the Asian horror genre , and I admit that I expected the worst when I learned of the remake . However , the director reimagined the story just enough to engage a wider audience and add a big-budget edge , yet he retained much of the original concept . I found the acting to be pretty good , with a great performance from the lead actress . As a horror film , I give it an average rating . There are lots of jump scares , and we get to see the old `` dead girl with black hair '' trope that was introduced by Asian horror . I 'd say most of the people who call this a piece of trash , or nothing compared to the original , were determined to hate it in the first place .
 I had seen this movie before but my husband had n't , he thought it was awesome , as did I , even the second time around !
 Well ... you will have pretty much figured out what happened long before you get to the end , but that is true in a lot of movies . So it comes down to how well the movie itelf unfolds and reveals its secrets . This one is not great , but it is okay and you will be entertained watching for all the visual gimmicks . -LRB- I may be too generous , but that 's me ! -RRB-
 It takes awhile to get into this movie but worth the wait.I was shocked at the ending , and wanted to see the film all over again to find out the clues I missed .
 Shutter -LRB- Widescreen -RRB- was a good four star horror flick about Spirit Photography . This movie was made for my taste as I have always liked deliberately paced horror films which ultimately pay off . What I learned from seeing this film was that Spirit Photography has a solid niche in modern Japanese culture . The Japanese also have a unique interest in ghostly or spirit related tales . This goes far back into the Japanese tradition . Consequently , these films may receive the benefit of being taken more seriously in Japan , or Japanese audiences may posses greater ability to suspend disbelief . This movie was made by the same executive producer as `` The Grudge '' and `` The Ring '' , which also were inspired by Asian films.According to the very interesting documentary included with the movie , Japanese tradition describes both the protective spirit who may become an honored guardian of the family , and a restless or vengeful spirit who may linger on and be the center of a haunting . Such vengeful ghosts either wish to settle a score , or relate a message of murder and injustice . In any case , these movie makers were trying to present such a tale based on the original Asian version of the film `` Shutter '' , along with some good modifications for American audiences . The result was a very interesting and entertaining movie .
 Out of all the American made ` asian ' horror films I 've seen in the last few years -LRB- Like The Ring , The Grudge & The Eye -RRB- , Shutter has to be the best one yet . Given , the originals are always the best - no two ways about it . It 's just this one has to be the only one that has kept me glued from beginning to end , with no being bored halfway through . I , genuinely , sat there waiting to see what happend next . In this tale , Ben & his new wife Jane go to Japan for Ben 's next Photography job . Along the way , they hit a young woman and wreck themselves . When they come to , they see there is no body or blood . Shortly thereafter , they begin to see mysterious lights in the photos to which Ben 's assistant claims are spirit photos . Later on , Jane decides to visit the office building in one of the photos . When she gets there , She encounters a spirit , and learns that the girl 's name was Megumi Tanaka and that Ben knew her . Jane is upset with Ben and decides they need to find Megumi . They go to Megumi 's home , only to find she has committed suicide . That 's where the ` fun ' begins . The film is directed by Masayuki Ochiai . It stars
 This movie only gets 3 stars from me . But 1 extra star because of cinematic photography . It is just like all the other Asian remakes . Some parts are creepy . At the end when Ben is searching for Megumi and he uses those wires stuff on his head I cringed !!! O Mi God , I just did n't want to see that happening . It 's a good thing they did n't show it . Also there is little blood and language for an Unrated version.The ending was lackluster too . But glad I bought it !!! Also like I said , the cinematic photography was BEAUTIFUL . And the shots of Japan !!! Definitely eye-candy . So were the actors , plus the acting was good . -LRB- I thought -RRB- .
 This movie was a good horror film . It has a twist at the end but hey what movie does n't have that now these days . =P I was n't disappointed in purchasing this film .
 First off , unless I 'm mistaken , this is a remake of a movie from Thailand -- so I was a bit surprised when it ended up becoming a sort of Japanese-Hollywood hybrid.Of course , the whole concept fits very well with the Grudge-like Japanese genre , and the Thai version was likely also inspired by that sub-genre of horror , so in the end that 's beside the point . I just felt the need to question whether this is `` just another J-Horror crossover '' . Anyway , having lived in Japan for nearly a decade , I found this one hit very close to home and was authentic and believeable.Compare to a show like Heroes that uses Japanese-Americans and Korean-Americans pretending to be Japanese with awful accents - or reading clocks with Kanji digits ... well , let 's just say it was nice to see some real Japanese actors who were n't playing to American stereotypes.See , I knew more than a couple of American guys who dated Japanese women , and stories of the Japanese girlfriend who refused to say goodbye -- often bordering on the creepy stalkerish type -- were not rare.Something about being a Gaijin and the way Japanese relationships are rarely as casual at their core makes the girlfriend who could not say goodbye story ring very true here.I also knew a few less than wholesome American guys there with awful reputations , and the `` ugly American '' in this movie likewise hits the nail on the head.These realistic , drawn-from-tales-of-experience background story elements make Shutter more than the typical watch the teens die one by one type of B flick , and made it very entertaining for me . I also found it to be more realistic than the Grudge remake because of their less than pretty take of the American guy in Japan.If you are a guy -LRB- or girl -RRB- who lived in Japan for a while , you 'll enjoy the authentic feel of this one . If not , it may just be `` another J-horror crossover '' to you.It 's a buy for me !
 Shutter is an English Language version of the Thai original that is as nuanced as it is diverse . In an attempt to bring some films to English Cinema , the concepts are transposed entirely , sometimes in part.The Camera of a New York native photographer who is now working in Japan starts to capture the image of the `` ghost '' . The wife is the prime vehicle for seeing the ghosts , and as stated in many of the DVD features -LRB- Commentary etc -RRB- the Wife is the way the audience is supposed to see the events and experience the Japanese culture . As I have stated in other reviews , the unrated version has again proven itself to be the de-facto gold standard , since this is a gem of a scare , which supposedly differs from the cinematic piece . It is really not clear if this is the case , and it is just a subjective judgement , but the film seems to suffer to some degree from a non-english speaking Director , especially in the dialogue scenes , but it is clear from the Features that he brings a wealth of spooky experience to the non-verbal material , and it is why this material stands out so very well . It is to this end that the latter part of the film -LRB- past 45 minutes -RRB- starts to pick up speed from non-verbal material and where the Director has taken some scenes from the original.THE DVD : Great Commentary . Works superbly well ... not exactly entertaining , but it is extremely informative . The features are genuinely good , and at points intensely spooky.Its not the Ring , but its extremely good .
 I just thought , right before I saw it `` I might as well watch it , but it 's just going to be another one of those Asian horror remake fails , but it 's actually one of them that are n't that bad , like `` The Uninvited '' . This film actually has a setting in Japan , so you get an ultimate Asian feel to it . `` Shutter '' delivers some good scares that make the film worthwhile . It 's not like it 's good for watching it 10 times , but it 's some good material . During the movie , you 're going to get some creepy imagery of freaky-looking faces -LRB- kinda like on the cover -RRB- , and it 's really a film that makes you jumpy or makes you nervous at some spots . It also has one of those -LRB- mini-spoiler ahead -RRB- messed up endings but it actually works for this movie . `` Shutter '' is n't for everyone , but it really worked for me , and I suggest you see it . You might actually like it .
 The Ring , The Grudge , Shutter , I saw them all and for somebody , who likes Horror movies special kinds , is this movie perfect . They all three Japanese remakes but very good made.It has a normal storyline with lots of spooky twists . You never know what 's coming next . You have to pay attention the whole time and that attracts me.But from all three movies above I like The Grudge the most . Shutter is very similar to this movie .
 Joshua and Rachel do a good job at delivering a good script and plot . Twists and turns keep you guessing .
 This movie is from the people who brought you the acclaimed ` Ring ' and ` The Grudge ' , so it does have some scenes which will remind you of the two movies . The only difference is that the original in this case is a Thai film . Having said that , it is a remarkably effective film . The basic premise of the movie is spirit photography , whereby ghosts appear in photographs . The plot aside , the movie offers an interesting glimpse into this all-too-real subject.The film wo n't scare you in that sense of the word , but there are plenty of tension-filled moments and totally unexpected twists . It works more as a revenge flick in my opinion than an outright horror movie . The acting by both US and Japanese actors is of a good standard . If you like Japan and/or J-horror , you will find this film very interesting.The blu-ray offers a very convincing picture even in the night and dark scenes and the soundstage is also well constructed . You will find worse ways to spend 90 minutes than this well paced movie , so give it a go .
 This movie was a shutter disappointment , har har.Actually it was n't ALL bad . Despite the rather predictable way to begin the horror movie with a man and woman freshly married driving along some back road late at night and running over a woman , the storyline actually got a lot better and kept my interest soon after this point.In fact , the story improved so much that I really do n't think all the negative reviews Shutter has received so far are appropriate.As far as being scared goes , I was n't feeling much fear in the beginning up until the woman gets on the subway train and sees a scary looking image in the window . THIS is when the story really gets going and the fear increases significantly.The entire movie had a feel very similar to the Ring with a dark and eerie setting , and the pacing is similar as well as far as the whole mystery approach goes . Since I consider the Ring one of the best horror movies in the last 10 years or so , I thought this movie did a pretty decent job of capturing a similar vibe.Also , the focus on taking pictures and seeing ghostly images in the pictures was done VERY well because the ghosts usually appear in places that are n't so predictable in the photo.Alright , so the film obviously has a Hollywood feel to it , but that does n't bother me any . Ignore that and expect a movie quite similar to the Ring .
 In the high-def review this blu-ray received 3 stars for the video quality . I think it deserves 4 . In the review of X-files I want to believe blu-ray they give 4 stars to the video quality , but x-files just deserves 2,5 . I really do n't understand what some critics understand about video quality !!! I think they received specials copy ...
 The video and audio are great and thats on the standard DVD ... I ca n't wait to recieve the Blu-Ray edition .
 The movie arrived quickly , however , it is a present so it has not been watched yet . I can not say if the quality is as good as listed .
 This is a awesome movie . It has suspense , thriller and a very excellent plot This is a must see great , scary movie !
 This movie had it all for both science fiction and mystery fans . Lots of creepiness and a twist at the end that will chill you . And , if you are a Josh Jackson fan , this will thrill you even more . Sometimes the movies that are n't really hyped are better than those that get all the attention !
 Boris shines in the 2nd Mr. Wong thriller from Monogram in ' 39 . The print quality is quite good as Alpha outdid their usual OK job .
 Mr Wong was always a fave of mine . Karloff played him and so did Keye Luke . It 's so nice to see this movie in print and at a good price ! Thanks Alpha !
 Even though `` The Littlest Angel '' is based off the fifteenth best-selling children 's book of the same name , I had never heard of it . The movie is about a little boy who is an angel but keeps getting into trouble . The Littlest Angel travels to earth and has obstacles and adventures as he tries to earn his wings . The story includes friendship , good deeds , problem solving and most importantly makes you smile . The Littlest Angel is just too cute and tries so hard . My boys laughed at his mischievous acts and cheered when he got his wings . This is a very cute story and the animation is decent ! It is also a great way to teach your kids about angels and Heaven .
 Over the years I 've watched this movie/story during the Christmas season . It 's just a nice little story of a little boy 's heart and the value of memories . It showed that God values the memories the little boy had on earth and gave them special status on the occasion of His Son 's appearance on this earth , His establishment of heaven 's peace on earth . The gift of the little boy 's memories became a precious symbol of their value - both to the boy and to God . The movie stirred up my own precious memories of special joy from Christmas seasons past .
 My son loves this movie . He has watched more times than I can count on Netflix so I decided to buy it . It is very good and helps teach kids how God would want them to act and about how even the smallest acts of kindness can make the biggest difference .
 I bought this movie for my granddaughters ages 2 & 6 and both of them love it . Lots of positive action that kept their attention .
 This is a wonderful little story pregnant with meaning . Unfortunately there is a war against true-truth ; grounded by a politically correct move toward syncretism , ignoring the law of non-contradiction . Political correctness usually is n't correct .
 I ordered this book and the video for my great niece and nephews for Christmas . This story was a favorite of mine , and the gift was a hit .
 This movie is a great way to explain heaven to little ones who have so many questions about death , heaven and what happens to us .
 This video was very nice . It was n't exactly as I remember reading the book in 1947 but it was based on the original story ! Enjoyable &#128519;
 But there 's nothing wrong with it , it 's just me . :--RRB- Although I will say that my great grandbabies did n't pay much attention to it either . Hmmmm ...
 This is a great film . It 's more of a documentary than a training video . Still , I enjoyed it . It really takes you into the life of an eskrimador .
 An interesting documentary with multiple technique examples , however , not really a training film . It 's more of an `` is n't this interesting '' film that could be used as an introduction or marketing for why one might want to study this art .
 `` Drama/Mex '' tells of three everyday people in Acapulco whose lives intersect over the course of a two-day period . The characters include an attractive young woman named Fernanda -LRB- Diana Garcia -RRB- , who 's having trouble deciding whether to stay with her current beau -LRB- Juan Pablo Castaneda -RRB- or to return to her thieving cad of an ex-boyfriend -LRB- Emilio Valdes -RRB- ; a middle-aged business man named Jaime -LRB- Fernando Becerril -RRB- , who 's contemplating suicide as a way out of his unhappiness -LRB- there ` s a hint that he might be having an incestuous relationship with either his daughter or stepdaughter -RRB- ; and a half nave/half streetwise girl named Tigrillo -LRB- Miriana Moro -RRB- , who 's in the process of learning how to rip off rich , male tourists for fun and profit . The last two characters meet when Tigrillo slips into Jaime 's beachside motel room to steal his wallet right at the moment that he has a loaded gun to his head . Together , these two people with relatively little in common beyond their happening to be at the same place at the same time , manage to forge an unlikely relationship that defies easy labeling . `` Drama/Mex '' is a homespun , slice-of-life drama that is n't obsessed with making big dramatic gestures or revealing grand universal truths about human nature . Instead , it simply introduces us to its characters and lets their stories play out naturally , with very little manipulation or fanfare . Though the narrative is clearly contrived to some extent , the film still manages to capture the random nature of life as we live it . The characters do n't necessarily `` learn '' anything from their experiences - but they do emerge from those experiences , to some degree or another , `` changed '' people , willing to look at their lives from a decidedly different vantage.Superb performances -LRB- especially by Becerril and Moro -RRB- and direction -LRB- by Gerardo Naranjo , who also wrote the screenplay -RRB- , and a refusal to tie everything up into a neat little bow at the end add to the movie ` s overall quality and appeal .
 Amidst one day in Acapulco , two sexually charged stories intertwine together in the Mexican film `` Drama/Mex . '' With plot threads meant to provoke , it 's easy to dismiss `` Drama/Mex '' as an overheated melodrama . But the -LRB- mostly -RRB- young cast brings a believability to the general feeling of being morally adrift in the big city . The primary negative criticism that I had heard leveled against this film was that none of its central characters were remotely likable . I do n't feel that is necessarily true in the strictest sense , but they certainly act with a selfishness and impetuousness that might distance them from certain viewers . The notion of disaffected youth , however , is not a new concept in film -- so I really did n't find it hard to identify with the characters in `` Drama/Mex . '' For me , the day-in-the-life concept played well -- even if , ultimately , there was n't a grand meaning to be taken from it all.In one thread , a young couple reunite in a torrid affair . Making plans to run off has one obstacle , however . The girl 's current boyfriend is n't any too keen about the notion . As the night progresses heatedly , everyone must make a decision as the trio experience a number of emotional confrontations . The other plot point concerns a suicidal businessman and an underage girl who is hustling at the beach as they form a tentative friendship . It 's an odd pairing , and certainly one that my cause an uncomfortable feeling , but somehow this unlikely duo may hold the power to redeem one another . Overall , the cast did a nice job with the material presented.If I have any reservations about `` Drama/Mex '' is that it does n't really dig into the psychology of its characters . The viewer is left to make any assessments on purely surface behavior . This is noticeably problematic in terms of the older businessman character . He engages in some pretty unsavory acts , but is not depicted -LRB- by the film -RRB- in an especially negative light . I 'd have liked very much to explore his character , in particular , with a bit more depth . At the end of the film , everyone has reached a new place -- but has anyone really changed ? There is no discernable character arc . So while I may has been fascinated by a night of debauchery and bad acts , I was a bit unmoved due to an emotional distance from the characters . Worth seeing , for sure , but I do n't think `` Drama/Mex '' will linger in my memory as a `` must see . '' KGHarris , 1/11 .
 `` Drama/Mex '' is directed by Gerardo Naranjo , Diego Luna & Ga&eacute;l Garc&iacute;a Bernal and they 've created a real `` obra maestra '' ... the story in it reflects for sure the life of the actual mexican youth between Mexico City and Acapulco , full of emotions , magnific music and beautiful colored scenes ... dive in into the mexican vida !
 This movie needs t obe seen more . I found about it few years ago . I finally bought it and definitely it 's worth the time . Aprox . 90 min.The plot is simple , but it has substance . Highly recommended .
 La pel&iacute;cula es muy intensa con mucha drama y ad&eacute;mas toca muchas temas de la joventud de hoy en d&iacute;a ... sobre todo es muy sexy y realista .
 I totally love this movie !!! I ordered it on demand five times !! I could not get enough of this movie . Even though I am not from mexico the story line between fernanda and her to lovers is what I have been through . Also the Chano is totally HOTTTT !!!!
 I love Bones . I 've loved it from the beginning , when Brennan was closer to a robot than a human being and Booth was appalled by almost everything she said . I loved watching their feelings develop . Booth & Brennan are masters of those long , intense stares . The ones that have the audience holding their collective breath , wondering when and how they 're finally going to get together.That 's my one problem with Season 6 . After SIX ENTIRE SEASONS of building up to Booth and Brennan finally overcoming their fear and trusting each other enough to be together , all we see is some hand-holding and tears . Brennan sits on Booth 's bed to be comforted , he holds her , END SCENE . Not even so much as a single passionate kiss after all of the anticipation and WILL THEY WO N'T THEY drama.I would have liked a little more confirmation that they did in fact have sex . Instead , we 're left with Brennan smiling mysteriously at Angela , which is just annoying . She does n't even SAY , `` Yes , we did , it was awesome thanks . '' She just smiles.And , in the final episode of the season , I admit I expected some obvious affection/sign that they were actually together . We did n't get that , either . At the very end we get confirmation that they had sex by way of Brennan telling Booth that she 's pregnant with his child . Which is great , BUT STILL . Not even so much as a peck on the lips!I guess I feel a little cheated after so much chemistry and the long process of watching them fall in love ; it would have been nice to see some smooches .
 I have to say that this season had it 's ups and downs but overall I think that it was the best season yet and while I ca n't wait to get ahold of the DVD I 'm looking forward more to next years season to see where they take the show !!!!!
 Bones
 This series never fails to disappoint !! A perfect choice for anyone who enjoys forensic shows like CSI or NCIS . I watches the whole season in one weekend marathon session ... i could n't get enough !!
 The sixth season of BONES provides long-time fans of the series with more of what we love ; all of the episodes , to be sure , but the special features are as entertaining as ever , and the overall quality is exceptional even in the `` regular '' version -LRB- for those of us dinosaurs who have yet to surrender to the Blu-Ray world -RRB- ! Looking forward to next year 's copy already .
 They 've done it again . Creating episodes that are fun , emotional , interesting , give you something new to learn , etc. . Oh , and as always they leave you wanting more . I honestly would love if they would continue making new seasons of Bones for the rest of their lives ! -LRB- But something in me doubts that they 'll do that -RRB- Anyways if you 've never watched Bones before you most definitely should .
 As an avid watcher of Bones , I have been equally drawn in by , and frustrated with , the character of Doctor Temperance Brennan . `` Logical '' and `` rational '' are two words that continually define this forensic anthropologist , often to her emotional detriment . Throughout the series , the writers have tried sporadically to show her more emotional side . This trend usually lasts for one , or part of , an episode . Well , I hope that `` The Doctor in the Photo '' is a sign of the times.In this episode , Brennan struggles with the murder of a fellow doctor - a talented female cardiovascular surgeon . Instead of focusing on the bones , Brennan ca n't help seeing that she bears great similarity to Lauren -LRB- the deceased -RRB- . Like Lauren , Brennan is a respected doctor at the top of her field . But , like Lauren , Brennan also lacks a husband and children , is immersed in her work , and comes off to many as cold . When Brennan sees how quickly Lauren 's disappearance is forgotten , she begins to reflect on her own life , and what meaning it may have after her death . As the episode progresses , this introspection , and the effect it has on her colleagues , leads to nothing short of a character breakthrough for Dr. Brennan . Want to see Brennan outwardly displaying more depth and emotion ? You 'll love this episode !
 In this episode of Bones - Bones and special agent Booth appear to be drifing a part in their interest for each other . I have to wonder where their directions are going in this sense . The team appears to be trying to pursuade Bones to appear on a youth television program geared for young scientists . I believe this particular episode was largely influenced by the Halloween season . The counselor , Sweets appears to be taking on new roles - although Bones still harbors disagreement with his methods and his profession . The murderd victim is a bounty hunter - one can only guess who the perpretrator is . The rest I will leave you to discern and enjoy .
 This is an excellent episode . It will be interesting watching the emotional changes Brennan has toward Booth as he gets really serious with a new woman . I look forward to this season , especially with the squints adding fuel to the romance , bringing realizations to Brennan 's heart as well as her logical mind .
 Although there has been some ups and downs -LRB- `` The Finder '' episode is the lowest in the entire TV show history -RRB- in this season , Bones has n't lose the sparkle that makes it the best show on TV . Only the episode about the deaf-mute girl makes you feel the great and satisfying experience that is watching this TV Show .
 All good , great to watch in order . Fun to watch this program on a raining or snowy afternoon with your family .
 Bones is my favorite tv show . I was very happy to find Season Six on Blu-ray for so cheap . The quality of the discs is very good , everything was exactly as it said .
 THANK YOU FOR HELPING TO COMPLETE MY COLLECTION OF &#34; BONES ' SEASONS . MY GRANDDAUGHTERS AND I LIKE TO WATCH THEM TOGETHER .
 DVD quality was great-no complaints-Price also was good-better than local retailers . Love this series !!! The characters have been well developed , and their back stories are rich -- very good writing !! I thought maybe when Seeley and Brennan got &#34; together &#34; it would have a negative impact on the show , but it was tastefully done and I love seeing them as parents . Regarding Brennan-Emily Deschanel has had a wonderful opportunity to display her level of acting ability in how she has brought her character forward , matured her , brought her out of her own narcissistic ego-mania and she has learned how to care about other people-kudos to you Emily!If you like this series , you would also probably like &#34; Sanctuary &#34; , or &#34; Fringe &#34; - both have strong female leads , interesting stories and characters .
 This episode has all of the regular intrigue of the Bones show and is enjoyable for that reason alone . It is also a pilot for another Hart Hanson show &#8220; The Finder &#8221; Booth and Bones need to find a lost piece of a chart showing the ruin of a treasure ship . So Seeley Booth introduces Bones to a man , The Finder , that served with Booth in Iraq . If you like Bones you will like this episode . Plus it is a great introduction to the humor and drama of Walter Sherman and Leo Knox .
 Excellent ... entertaining ... great series ! I would recommend this Season to anyone ... I enjoy the actors and their chemistry ... always look forward to the next episode .
 I 've loved the whole series of Bones . The cast has great chemistry together and the story lines are always intriguing .
 The case was in pretty good condition , but the discs are little messed up . I can play them in my laptop but not in a normal dvd player . It 's slightly disappointing .
 Received in time . Price was cheaper than other places and I am very happy with this purchase . It was easy shopping .
 First , materials came in prompt fashion and in new condition as advertised . Thus far , all disks played are in working order . We 've come to enjoy Bones TV series a great deal , and we enjoy watching the shows in the order of their production , thus buying the complete season makes great sense for us .
 I thought this show was all washed up until I watched this episode about Booth and Bones solving the mystery of why a Gudio was found dead buried in the Jersey shore with the maggots going crazy over his body . Turns out he is part of the New Jersey lifestyle as typified by HOUSEWIVES OF NEW JERSEY which is why he is called a Guido . Boones and Booth must enter this unique subculture so as to solve the crime . The subculture is downright hilarious.Back on the slab , the corpse is one of their very worst . Turns out that bodies filled with steroids cause maggots to go nuts and to literally start flipping into the air all `` juiced up '' . Within two days , the corpse is reduced to a skeleton . This is incredibly gross but this kind of `` gross out '' is one of the reasons viewers watch this show.As for the romance , Booth is busy with his new girlfriend and I frankly hope he stays that way .
 Bones always be my favorite series but I really hate it when the producer killed my favorite character , like Zack or Vincent . That 's really broke my heart .
 I love all seasons of Bones , but Season 6 is really great because it is when Bones and Booth actually get together which if you are a fan , you have been waiting for !! In the episode `` Hole in the Heart '' Booth and Bones are brought together in a time of grief . If you have never watched Bones , I recommended starting from the beginning so you can get to know the characters and how everyone fits into the puzzle . The cast is fabulous and the stories are fabulous . ENJOY !!!!
 Great set of videos . I am enjoying the slowly , so that the enjoyment lasts for as long as possible . Good joy and much entertainment . Thanks
 We enjoy this show and are pleasantly surprised on the different story lines they are able to come up with to keep our interest .
 I have watched Bones since the beginning and this has to be one of my favorite seasons ever . So much happened in this season ! From the gravedigger to the sniper , to Angela 's pregnancy . Also , if you have watched since the beginning , the thing you have wanted to happen since the beginning finally happened !!! I love this show ! And the finale ! There is nothing to say but that it was epic and you will be talking about it for weeks ! I know I was . Enjoy !
 This particular purchase was to complete the set , until the next season comes available . I like `` Bones '' as the characters are believable and the topics are interesting . I can usually learn something new with each episode , which is something that makes watching it all the more enjoyable on my part . The producers / writers are not afraid to touch on delicate subject matter but allow the viewers to develope their own opinions and feelings on these issues . The two main characters often have different opinions that allow for exploring the matter at hand and often stand their ground on the issue but without judgement on the other 's opinion . And remain friends despite having different opionions .
 It 's BONES , what can I say ? `` Mastedon in the Room '' when they all get back together . The very special `` Shallow in the Deep '' episode . `` The Doctor in the Photo '' - nearly broke my heart . `` The Blackout in the Blizzard '' - very moving and fun . `` The Hole in The Heart . '' So many excellent episodes in this season ! I thought nearly all of them were so very good . I had to have them for my OWN re-runs !
 Great season and it leaves you excited for the seventh season but the ending of the last disk . Bloopers are very funny .
 I have every season DVD . It 's a must have ! Already per-ordered season 7 & I ca n't wait to get it . I Love David Boreanaz . He is such an amazing gifted talented smoking Hot sexy actor ! He 's funny .
 Excellent , well done fast and as promised . I 'm a little late in responding because it was a present and I had to wait for it to be opened .
 This TV series has everything
 Purchased from awesome seller ! Was only watched like once so was in excellent shape ! One of my favorite season of Bones . David and Emily are great at bringing these characters to life . Both are very funny and I could watch them as these characters for a long while .
 Some TV series jump the shark after a few years ; Bones may have had it 's best season for season six . The last two episodes are game-changers ! Anyone who likes Bones MUST see season six.The downside
 Have all the back seasons now and am waiting for the next season to air . Like to wait for the DVD release to view without commercials . Enough is going on in each episode that you can watch them over and over again . Cast has changed up a bit and keeps it interesting to see how the new ones fit in .
 Love , love , love the show . So glad Bones and Booth finally got it together . Ca n't wait to see the seventh season to catch up with all the goings on . Love the story lines and even the gooey bits when they are examining some melting body . Hope they keep making this series as I really enjoy it .
 Perfect . 5-star rating ***** Excellent . Bones
 WELCOME BACK BONES FANS ! BRENNAN AND BOOTH ARE IN THE FAMILY WAY ! HODGINS AND ANGELA SHOW OFF THEIR BABY.IT 'S LIKE BEING WELCOMED BACK TO THE JEFFERSONIAN AFTER BEING ON VACATION ! SHARE THE FUN WITH BEST FORENSICCRIME SOLVING TEAM EVER . PREPARE TO CRACK UP WHEN BRENNAN STARTS TO PRACTICE `` BABY TALK '' ! MORE GREAT ANDGROSS CASES MAKE THE 6TH SEASON A MUST HAVE FOR BONES FANS . IF YOU HAVE N'T DISCOVERED THIS SHOW YET , START WITHSEASON ONE AND BECOME PART OF THE BONES FAMILY . YOU 'LL LOVE THE CHEMISTRY OF THIS WICKEDLY SMART TEAM OF CRIMESOLVERS AND THEIR HEART . YOU 'LL WISH YOU COULD HAVE THEM ALL OVER FOR DINNER ! ENJOY !
 I 've seen all the season of Bones up to this point and I love them all . This one is the best.I recommend getting it . : -RRB-
 i love this program , but never seem to be able to watch it when it is on . so i like getting the complete seasons that i can watch when i want to watch . this program has light mystery , humor and fun characters that i really enjoy .
 As some have said , the season was episodic , ups and downs . It did contain the best episode of the whole 6 seasons -- `` The Doctor in the Photo '' -- which was written at a level far above the rest -LRB- and acted beautifully by Emily Deschanel -RRB- .
 So Love Bones series . Could wait unti lthe season came out , so I could watch them all over again . Highly recommend if you own the other seasons .
 Great Show ! Great add-on to the season 1 through 5 set previously purchased . This clasic-to-be series has the qualities and characters that make it watchable over and over again .
 Usually I do n't buy seasons unless I know that I am going to watch it again and again . But I love Bones and could n't wait for the Library to get it in . So we got this DVD set and love it ! There really is n't much else to say about a DVD set . It was brand new and exactly what we ordered.It was shipped quickly and got to us safely .
 Item was delivered quickly , i would definitely recommend this for anyone who is a Bones Fanatic . Perhaps the most interesting season in the series
 Fast shipping . Great price . I enjoy blue ray but usually buy just the regular dvd when buying a season dvd because of the price . The price on this blue ray was so reasonable that i will buy blue ray again for the next season : -RRB-
 I received the dvd from seller in a short time after purchase , and in excellent condition . After receiving it we did a Season 6 marathon . Almost tempted to buy the Season 7 single epidodes , but I will wait for the whole set .
 They keep coming up with ways to show us every stage of decomp known to man even showing a BODY FIELD where they study decomp.Anyway I think the chemistry among the whole cast Is what keeps the show running well and here 's to a few more seasons before It 's due for an ending.All the actors are great . Each episode keeps you guessing again .
 I received this item 2 days before i expected ... Which was just great - it also came in good conditions . This season is just awesome .
 The product arrived on time and in excellent conditions . No problems with the order the DVD was not damaged or cracked . It even arrived before the estimated time .
 Honestly , i do not understand why a DVD would need a a review , especially one that is a tv series and one that has been on tv for seven seasons now ; but I love BONES . amazon does fast shipping and has great prices !
 Received Bones Season 6 DVDs on time and viewing them all 6 disc in good condition . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Best season yet ; Loved the GUIDO episode ... american tribes according to BONES . BOOTH gets a new girlfriend who I can already tell is going to be interesting to watch , on many levels . Baby coming . I have not seen the British lab assistant yet , he always cracks me up , but so far all the other fellowship characers are there ... even the real annoying ones . People this bright with Mensa brains often are like this ... so find the eccentricities realistic . Can not wait for the large Mastaadon that is in the team 's space to become part of the plot ... and I hope it does . So far field trips to Jersey Shore ... maybe Bones will go to the big apple ? Might be nice .
 Love this show and did n't want to wait for Netflix to get it so I bought it . Watched it and loved the extra scenes , gag real and the extended shows .
 I own all six seasons of Bones and still enjoy them all . Great watch all of the cast interact . DVD are fun with extras and good quality recording . I expect to enjoyment for years to come .
 I have loved this show from the beginning . Every season gets better to me . I enjoy the characters and the stories .
 Every season just gets better and better . Ca n't wait for the rest of season 7 -- it 's looking good already . The chemistry between all the characters is amazing . Even though some things change , the characters and writers seem to always give the viewers what they crave -- more B & B -- Booth and Bones !!!
 Bones continues to be among the top five TV shows on any network . Really love all the peripheral characters and their relationships too .
 i have season 1-5 and have ordered 6 and i have to say that of all the other shows i have watched bones is the best.season 6 was a real shocker and the hole in the heart and the change in the game were amazing!this show is good for anyone who has a sense of humor and a taste for romance cause there is alot of it
 My Wife and I love this show . I especial enjoyed the episodes with Zack . I think that these episodes are good . I like the chemistry between the actors . We were glad to see Booth and Brennen start down the path of being more than just friends . I hope that the Bones series continues . I would like to see a season 7 , 8 , 9 ... As I think this show is worth watching more than once . I am currently re-watching the seasons 1 - 6 as we wait for season 7 . I would like to see Zack come back since he really did n't kill anyone . Although he was an accomplish to murder . Zacks fear is that if anyone learns that he did n't kill anyone he would be removed from his current holding state and be placed in a regular prison of which he would not do well there.The bones story builds each character up and gives value to the story . My wife and I really enjoy watching these episodes and want the series to continue .
 The science on the show is terrible , and Booth has to be the worst law enforcement officer ever . However , it is my beautiful wife Liz 's favorite pregnancy show at the moment , and I love her .
 I never really have time to watch to TV but sat down one day and watched bones with my family and could n't stop watching ! Absolutely love this show and the characters . The show is brilliant . Now I watch it on my spare time !
 i love this show , the more i watched this show i more i like the characters and storys . i have every seasons
 Bones is one of the most nice shows on television , full of graceful and funny characters , good stories and action . The sixth season has all this and much more !
 Bones is fantastic !!! Emily Deschanel is amazing - i love her ! this season is great like every other - especially because bones and booth finally get together ! . Im looking forward to the new season !
 I love bones its the one show where you think this can not get any better and then it does . You would think that because of how long this show has been on it would be kinda tiring and repetative -LRB- like Greys Anatomy at this point -RRB- but its not the writers are phenomenal and always keep this show interesting and fun to watch , i can not wait to see what is in store for one of my favorite couples ever seeley and bones . i hope that these 6 years are worth the wait and they have an epic romance like fans deserve to see . Keep suprising and making us laugh cast of bones : -RRB-
 Season 6 is just as good as all the other seasons - no slacking off here . Some unexpected twists and shows that made me cry as well as laugh .
 This series consistently puts out ! Great . If you 've never watched this show and are simply looking for advice on tv shows to buy on dvd to watch , you ca n't go wrong with this one . It has been great from season one until today .
 Received the DVD in excellent shape and delivered on time.Season 6 of Bones has been continuing a funny and interesting year as relationships are taking shape among the characters .
 When BONES first started out , I admit I was HIGHLY skeptical . I was a fan of Kathy Reich 's books and lets face it , Emily looks nothing like the character . She seemed too glamorous and elegant ! And the setting was out of whack , not at all like the books . But I quickly became a fan ! The ensemble cast works well together and seems to me to be friends , which adds to the cachet . I like it that one time characters ended up a semi permanent part of the story line , reappearing often . And I found Temperance 's quirks endearing ... I 've done the manuscript work for PHD 's and know how they can be ! That she is so beautiful and glamorous and has these single minded quirks makes her fun to watch . The other characters story lines are developed so watching a show is like catching up with a bunch of friends , but with a good story thrown in as well . I 've gotten every one of the series , and when I can no longer see it on tv , I 'll have it to revist again and again . I 'm not fond of many of the ` hot ' programs and tend to buy up series I like so I can go back and enjoy them -LRB- LIFE and LOST being two in question -RRB- . It takes something special to make me not want to do something else on the night a tv program is on no matter if I can HULU it or not later . BONES does that .
 I have been a huge fan of Bones for a while now , and this season does n't disappoint . Following the reunion of the Jeffersonian forensics lab after a brief hiatus , this season treats such issues as the Booth-Bones relationship , Max Keenan , various on-off romances , and the Gravedigger . there are plenty of new , fresh cases to solve . This show is never dull , and always keeps you on edge . I wo n't say it 's one of the best seasons , because they are all so amazing , but I will say it is well worth watching if you are a fan of the show .
 There `` s not much I can say about Bones that other reviewers with far better talents than I have n't already said . I have purchased all the season dvd 's . 1 thru 6 . The chemistry between Dr. Temperance Brennan and FBI agent Seeley Booth is perfect . The on-going will they ? Are wont they ? Is a perfect addition to the mix of Murder , mystery , and forensic science . The writers do a superb job of keeping you guessing on all aspects of the main characters lives . Their professional and their private quirks , how they complement or detract on their job performance . The story lines are always entertaining . Will definitely purchase season 7 when it becomes available .
 My brother loves the series . He did ` nt have the 6th season he was very happy with the DVD . Thanks for the quick turnaround time .
 I first started watching because I love the Kathy Reichs books , and I stayed because it is a fun confection - I mean who does n't love Angela 's father played by Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top fame.I enjoy the mysteries but mostly I enjoy the friendships involved .
 This is an amazing and addicting show . Jumping in in the middle might be problematic . In that case , just buy all the seasons and start with episode one !!
 This is just as expected . I watched most on TV and was able to catch up with the DVDs . tks
 Great quality and price . I enjoy the &#34; Bones &#34; series . Could n't wait to view it . I recommend the show to all my friends .
 I am an avid fan , I watch the dvds over and over hundreds of times and will do so even more.Nothing bad to say about any season I own and can not wait to get seven !!
 I look forward to each season more and more !!! Bones is a great show and they just keep adding more detail to the characters and their lives . I love it !! BUY IT !
 Great series . I will be sorry to see the final season . It has definitely keep one on the edge of the chair or grossed out by the bugs and gore . But it is definiltely fascinating .
 A must see for Bones lovers . This was a great season . It shipped on time . We were very satisfied with the purchase .
 I had started watching this series when it was new but sadly multiple medical challenges & then hears of senior care caused me to stop watching it . Now that I have found it again I am loving sitting there & watching the interaction that goes on with all of the characters that are so well written about .
 Both these dramas are clever and a joy to watch . Can not understand why Life did not continue . Probably did not fit the usual no brainer style of most American shows .
 I have loved ` Bones ' since the start and own all collections . The only disappointment for me this year was that Daisy Wick was n't written into more episodes . She brought some spice to the cast .
 how could it arrive in a timely manner if it has not been released . However i am looking forward to getting it when it comes out .
 I am glad to add this to my collection on this fun series . It arrived in a timely manner . Thank you .
 Love the show , love having the season DVD 's . Very fast shipment and a great addition to the Bones collection of episodes .
 The one episode made me cry ... but it was a good season . Surprise at the end , which made it even better .
 I am a big fan of the series for its witty , intelligent dialogue and for a wide range of scenarios for a show . Enjoy !
 This is a great addition to any DVD collection . I would highly recommend this DVD for anyone who likes this TV series .
 This is one of our favorite shows . And we love to be able to watch them in order . This was our favorite season so far ... because Bones and Booth will get together .
 Maybe it is the nerd side of me that keeps making me come back to this show - not fully certain , but I 'm a fan for sure . The seasons have been rather variable over the years , with changes in relationship dynamics , Jeffersonian staff , and now the baby . Some would say the shark has been jumped , but I hope this show hangs around for a bit longer . I 'm not a horror movie fan , but I do enjoy the soft gross-ness of the bones and guts found at the various scenes .
 To resuscitate a dead team out of their scattered disappearance is not an easy task . Luckily the DA in Washington DC is a powerful woman , stubborn and resolute , and she generally gets what she wants . So she brought Agent Booth back from Afghanistan , and Temperance Brennan , aka Bones , from the exotic place where she was trying to get some archaeologically interesting bones with Daisy , Dr Sweet 's girl friend , and Dr Sweet from his hideout somewhere in Paris where he was having a showbiz career as a cabaret singer . They all come back , change clothes and back in the business in a jiffy they all are . Angela and Dr Hodgins are also back though from not so far away and Angela is pregnant . Do n't worry the delivery will go just fine , and their fear of some handicap will be unfounded . They will celebrate at the end of the season.But this season is a lot more interesting than just those circumstantial collateral disagreements or pleasure.As usual one case per episode , clean and neat , always dealing with a lot of bones , gross and dirty , soaked in a lot of decomposed muck with a tremendous number of maggots , worms and other corpse parasites . A series not to watch while eating anything more delicate than dry cookies.The interest is first the relations among the people in the series and these relations include some personal data on each case . Dr Saroyan has the case of her daughter to solve who is supposed to start her college years . The mother can not cope with the idea of her following her boyfriend to some community college in some county of some northern New England state nearly in Canada but is it ethical to cheat the system and get her accepted in Columbia University , if it is Columbia University -LRB- you can check that one out -RRB- , on a fake file ? It is amazing what parents are at times ready to do that is so absurd and goes against the grain of their profession and personality . Will the girl accept to enter a top university on a fake file ? That is the real question . Will the daughter teach a lesson to her own mother ? Not so simple.Of course Angela and Dr Hodgins have a full plate with the pregnancy and the delivery of the baby . For them that 's enough and that will require some help from a friendly psychiatrist because it is hard for the father not to become overprotective and it is hard for the mother to accept the physical handicap this pregnancy may represent . Yet they decided that working with the people they are used to work and live with was the best thing for the pregnancy , the mother and the child . Angela was not alone at any moment of her days or nights.Agent Booth brought a journalist back from Afghanistan , a sort of love substitute for Temperance . But will that not cause some problems , like conflicting interests between the two professions ? And Booth with his own son is already very busy in life . Will that new woman in the picture be able to cope with a child , what 's more the child of another woman ? And the question of marriage will come up sooner or later and how are the two going to react to that eventuality ? Probably not very well , maybe not too bad . A decision that is always difficult to take for someone who is constantly in the field of police investigation and for a journalist just back from a war zone and who may consider Washington DC as another war zone . Do you get married and build a home and a family when you are in a war zone?There is of course the case of Booth and Temperance . It did not work the first time , but will there be a second time ? Why not ? They are both young enough to think about their independence and old enough to start thinking about settling down in some kind of normal place . But of course Booth is not free and temperance is mature enough to keep up appearances.Then you have the interns still rotating , the four of them . They are the surprise of each episode because they are so different and they can be so funny , though at times they are just funny for us because they are mismatched with what is happening around them , but that 's what interns are all about . Unluckily one will end up very badly . That 's not the first case , but so far none had ended up that badly . But a song will carry him through
 I started watching this series late so have been playing catch up . There is always more that one story line to follow that I do n't lose interest . If you like funny crime drama with a kick this is for you ! I hope you enjoy it as much as I have .
 I purchased Bones 6th season for my wife and I . We are Bones fans . We will buy again . I will recommend to my friends .
 Wanted to get this because my wife and I like to watch Bones . Amazon had a great price and they always ship right away . We are enjoying watching the extras on the DVD .
 The price and delivery is very good . A letter accompanies the item which reminds me of the old days when personable customer service was the norm .
 I received the show faster than expectd . When I watched it , it worked great . One part of the case on the inside was a bit messed up . The dvd slips out of place sometimes . But otherwise great .
 The sixth season of Bones pretty much picked up where the others left of.It has some interesting forensic puzzles that continue to build an esoteric forensic pathology knowledge with the viewer as it builds on the caracters developed in previous years.The strong point of this TV series is the cameraderie and interpersonal relations built up around the core `` team '' and this comes in for some investigation here . Acurate investigation is the best way to describe it , the screenwriters are to be congratulated . The new phrase `` squinterns ' was coined and brought a smile.This comes to a head when one of the team is lost to a psychopath who simply `` got the wrong target '' . The up-down , On-off relationship of the principles builds to a completely unforeseen crescendo ending with a veritable thunderclap and until the sound hits , you do n't realize for the most part that anything 's comming at all.If you 've bought the series before , this will definately NOT dissapoint.If you 're considering it for the first time , I 'd strongly suggest starting with the first series and working your way through , as I bet most people who enjoy this genere would find they had to buy the whole set.Season six , and I 'm surprised its still so entertaining , dynamic and vibrant , I look forward eagerly to season seven .
 Enjoyed the show . I was able to see episodes that I had not seen . Really liked being able to see episodes more than once .
 Well , I bought this as a Christmas gift for my sister so I have no idea how well it plays this series . All I know is that I got it super fast .
 I received this while I was out on the raod . Have n't seen the fith season yet . So I have many questions . This season starts off with the team being in different locations , and ends with a suprise .
 I have been a big fan of bones since it first started . I really enjoyed this season although I would like more episodes per season .
 This is a great series and it is so much better on DVD than on TV ! I hate commercials and it great to be able to just pop in a disc and relax on the sofa .
 I 'm not one for reviewing but I will say the first half of season 6 was unexpected -LRB- both a positively/negative thing -RRB- and occasionally disappointing , even a bit of a bummer . But the bright side , the 2nd half . The later episodes were eventful and everything entertaining that the BONES team is capable of putting together .
 I HAVE THE COMPLETE SET AND IT 'S WORTH WATCHING OVER AND OVER . THE VIDEO ARRIVED ON TIME AND IN GREAT CONDITION .
 This product came in the mail quickly , and very well packaged . I would recommend this company to everyone . Awesome job !!!
 Great series . I love Bones ! I was a little disappointed that pre-ordering this meant I had to wait a week after it was in stores . But I 'm just glad I have it now .
 Thank You for geting this Dvd to me on time and in the way it was describe on yor listing
 Season six is fantastic ! even Hannah appearing is not pleasant but happy to see Bones still remain the same , sometime I can see booth 's eye linger on Bone.And I have to say the service from Amazon is excellent !
 Bones is got to be one of the best primetime shows out there right now . This season was just as good as the past 5 , and quality on blu-ray is fabulous . Any Bones fan should make this top on their wish list .
 Came quickly was new , almost through the whole series and no problems . Often wonder when I buy from individuals if I will really get my product in good shape and yes I did , was great .
 The series is one of the best . It came is a great time and was in good shape on arival . I will buy again .
 Good drama with just the right amount of comedy . some really good actors that I would like to know in real life .
 Excellent comedy and drama TV series . Series also has romance to keep viewers interested . Recommend this series to anyone who likes CSI ot Body of Proof .
 Have loved every season so far . Can not wait to purchase the others as well . Bones and Booth are so meant for each other .
 it is a must have tv season to own if you are a bones fan . came to our house quickly
 I love bones.That is one of the best tv shows ever.I would recommend it to any one that loves science and crimesolving shows .
 I love Bones ! This is a wonderful television series following the lives of Forensic Anthropologist Dr. Temperance Brennan and her FBI partner Agent Seely Booth . With the help of the Jeffersonian team , they always manage to solve murders using just the bones . With dark humor , comedy , and relationships underlying the series , it is a great series for an audience who enjoys this !
 One of my favorite episodes in the &#34; Bones &#34; TV series . Bones and Booth go bowling to uncover a murder . I 've always felt I 'd like to meet real life versions of Bones and Booth . Great , albeit quirky , character interaction .
 This series continues to get better all the time as the characters come together and form an intensely loyal and devoted crew of &#34; squints &#34; -LRB- all the scientists of the Jeffersonian -RRB- and FBI agents -LRB- primarily our honor-filled and trustworthy Booth -RRB- . The writer 's continue to create their signature &#34; messy messes with mangled body parts &#34; that still brings a cringe to your expression on occasion.In this season , Bones and the Jeffersonian suffer a horrible , heart wrenching loss which sends the profoundly lost and confused Bones to Booth 's apartment late the night of the loss . Her trip forever changes the relationship she shares with Booth . Changes that ca n't help but spill into season 7 . I would recommend this show to those who like crime drama spiced with humor ; also to those who like science . There 's a lot of science explained on the show -- I have been able to answer 3 tough Jeopardy questions just because I watch Bones ! :--RRB- : - -RRB- I would recommend this show to people who like a good ensemble cast and multiple sub-stories going on . The supporting cast is tremendous . The show has a huge talent pool within it 's wall.sGive this show a try !
 Even though the series are ongoing , this is the one of the tv show to continue following!Can ' t wait to buy the next season dads
 I really like Bones Sixth Season - So many new things are happening and it makes it very exciting . I always wonder what will happen next . I recommend it to all Bones lovers.Marie
 And so as not to spoil anyone , the finale did a great deal to restore my faith in the series as did the episode prior , `` Hole In The Heart '' . While I admit I am a ` shipper for Bones and Booth , plot-device Hannah was * possibly * needed -LRB- trying to be positive and give the benefit of the doubt here ! -RRB- to give Bones and Booth an emotional kick in the butt to see what - or more likely , who - is right in front of their faces . But I wo n't lie
 - Dr. Brennan reciting the scientist 's credo with Professor Bunsen Jude the Science Dude
 Season six was a mixed bag for me at one point . It started really good , but I felt that a couple of episodes towards the middle lost me a little . I am happy to say that the second half of the series returned me to being a true bones fan ! We are given another fantastic season finale and a really sad plot . The one thing I did love was the character development and how all the small characters that work on the various investigation are going through their own changes . I would say this series has some of my favourite episodes . The very end of season six has left me desperate to find out what is going to happen in season seven . The story continues to evolve , the characters get better and season six was another amazon season .
 `` A tour de force performance by Emily Deschanel as Temperance Brennan - and kudos to the writers of the episode that brings a long-awaited climax to the relationship between the two main characters . The whole focus is on Brennan as she seeks to put together the life and final moments of a gifted cardiovascular surgeon . She is guided by the voice of the dead woman herself dictating her office notes , and by the observations of a museum security guard . In the process , she is forced to confront some very painful truths about herself . It may be that I have too much Christmas on the brain , but it reminded me alot of Dickens ' Christmas Carol - Temperance certainly is no Scrooge , but her emotional heart is certainly as heavily guarded as Scrooge 's gold . Like Scrooge , Temperance has the only key to unlock it - no one else can do it for her . She has to work it through for herself . And - you have to give her credit , when she decides to turn the key - she does it with an honesty and courage only Temperance could produce . I am anxious to find out where the writers will take it from here .
 I did not realize the emotional investment I had in Dr. Brennan remaining rational , logical and unfeeling . The past couple of episodes reinforced these qualities to an almost frustrating level . Well , if anyone wants to know when she is going to FEEL , watch this episode . Her path to tears must be surreal and almost a psychosis so tightly wound she has been to stay in her unemotional bubble . An introduced character plus the entire plot used to reveal her heartfelt qualities are a subtext to the overall theme
 I did n't really like Hannah , but without Hannah , Booth and Bones would have remained stuck in their safe/comfortable relationship . Throughout the Hannah arc , you could see Bones ' realization that she was losing Booth , really hitting her in `` The Doctor in the Photo '' . I love the Booth and Bones relationship but it was nice to see Cam with a boyfriend and to see Angela and Hodgin 's relationship evolve dealing with baby worries . Also , Jacob Broadsky 's arc was pretty cool . Though some episodes were n't fantastic -LRB- which is typical for any tv show -RRB- , the episodes that were great were really great -LRB- some of my favorites throughout the series -RRB- . My favorites of season 6 included `` Maggots in the Meathead '' , `` Bullet in the Brain '' , `` Blackout in the Blizzard '' , and the last three episodes . The `` Signs in the Silence '' was probably my favorite episode of the season . That episode and the season finale were the first two episodes I saw of the whole `` Bones '' series actually . If a couple of episodes from Season 6 could suck me into falling in love with `` Bones '' then it ca n't be that bad of a season . I saw a preview of the 1st episode of Season 7 and I 'm very excited to see where the series will go next .
 Those who are fans of `` Bones '' know that B&B belong togather but have n't been able to get it togather , They are crazy about each other but for a long time would n't acknowledge it and when Booth finally did Brennan still was n't on the boat . And while I admire their ability to put it away and work togather , as a fan I have been waiting , sometimes not patiently , for them to admit the truth and give it a chance . Finally we are getting there , it is too soon after Hannah for Booth to get involved again and Brennan still has n't completely opened herself up to the possibility of a real and permanent love , so this non-beginning was perfect . Great episode in all , and when you get to the really good parts I think they were perfectly played . They acknowledge the attraction , then the bad timing but basically make a pact to give it a try when they are both ready . Not to fast and perfect , just like real life and real emotions . Finally making progress .
 I am a fan of Bones , all the way . It 's a great show and I love that I can now watch it on Amazon when I miss live episodes . I have grown to love all the characters and will pull for the Bones and Booth romance until the end !! I hate that Booth has met someone , especially because they are trying to write her into the show , it seems , but I guess they ca n't give up that easily . The moment they finally get these two together , a lot of the passion could be lost , and they know it.Humor , mystery , sex and gore ... this show has the perfect combination . But I am a Bones fan and may be a bit biased ...
 Finally they show bones as a fun person . I have been watching bones since the beginning and ca n't wait for the next show .
 A distinguishing aspect of `` Bones '' is subtle nuances of character - primarily Booth 's and Brennen 's -- whose perplexing actions in early Season 6 can be clarified by careful rewatching . Particularly the destabilizing Hannah arc.I reviewed all the scenes that could shed light , hoping to figure out why Booth was driven to propose marriage to Hannah in Ep . 6.13 `` The Daredevil in the Mold '' -- even after Brennen had declared her desire to be with him in Ep . 6.9 `` The Doctor In the Photo . `` The first insight into Booth 's mindset can be seen way back in Ep . 6.5 `` The Bones That Were n't , '' when he prepares Hannah a romantic dinner , to which she responds aghast with `` Oh God , you are going to propose . '' He assures her he is not . Ergo , when Booth does pop the question in Daredevil , he is already aware that Hannah would so not want to be proposed to . When she responds on cue with a turndown , Booth reacts by immediately and adamantly forcing her out of his apartment and totally out of his life . The beauty of the maneuver is that Hannah , rather than having to leave as a rejected person , can leave with the illusion of having had some control . Still , she begs Booth to let her stay , while he refuses to even engage in the discussion . Devious indeed , but he 's also gallant . He finishes the evening emoting at drinks with Brennen.The unanswerable question is why Hannah did not just say yes , considering she gave up a plum job in the War Zone to move near him , then cohabited as a quasi-wife . Why not just license it , if it meant so much to him ? The writers gave us no hint , leaving Hannah as an underdeveloped and very unpopular plot device void of any explanation of motivation . Season 6 as a whole could have ended on even stronger footing , had the writers just taken a little more effort with Hannah .
 This is my favorite tv series -LRB- of course I only watch 3 -RRB- but still . It is funny and mysterious and dramatic and can be very very sad . Even after six years the episodes still keep me interested and there are no repeats . The writers and actors are both great . You can tell this is really a team effort each week .
 I 've watched Bones for several years and have enjoyed the antics of the characters . I 'm not a person who takes television too seriously . I get nervous when folks who write and star in TV episodes start talking about ` art . ' The writing , acting , photography made this an exception . Of course , I ca n't be sure , but I think even a viewer who had never seen a single episode of Bones might find this particular story moving . Who among us does n't find that while logic has been a friend in most areas of our life , it has also shut out choices that we might have made , cut us off from people we might have included in our lives ? Most times , I admit , I watch TV to shut off my worries , to get involved in someone else 's life for a while . This time it did n't work that way . It made me think . Thanks , Bones .
 I love this show . It keeps getting better . I enjoyed the entire season and the extras . David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel did amazing acting this season and both deserve awards for it . This show has it all . Great acting , writing , directing , and effects .
 I loved the characters introduced in this episode . There could be a whole separate season about the three characters from Florida . Just as mentally invigorating as Bones , yet way more exciting and sexy .
 I love this series and have every year thus far and I do n't usually collect series . My only fear is that the series will end soon as all series must do . I will have to go back to watching reruns .
 Although I was pretty mad when Hannah came in ... in the end I 'm glad she didnt say yes to Booth 's proposal ... and I was literally jumping up and down during the season finale ... one minor question tho ... there are 23 episodes in this season ... why do the product details state that it only has 1 disc with 60 minutes of material ? am I at a better risk just buying it when it comes out at my local video store or should I stick with pre ordering this -LRB- in which case the info was just misprinted -RRB- ?
 I give this episode five stars even though booth and bones were n't seen very much . Because the finder was really fun to watch and I think he and his two companions should have their own series because they really work well together and I for one would like to see more of them
 ok finally . do not read any further if you dont want to know the ending . stop here . do not read . ok , its the last episode of the season . i think it is or im going to look real dumb . anyway , this is about two years to late but they finally did it . of course its a little out of character for booth to have a kid without being married since he did that the first time . and he is almost perfect . so maybe this is a good thing . things are not always planned . but married or not , i could care lesss . temperance is having booth 's baby . finally . i would love to have seen a season of dating , growing pains , and a wedding . but this will do . now , it was implied that they slept together . but we saw nothing . and nobody said a word . although angela with her look figured it out . and temperance 's dad figured it out . i hope they dont screw this up with fights and unrealistic fights and ideals . i hope they just let this happen . i hope they they let us in , and a more normal couple , as in we see them together , falling in love , and watch them get married . but they could screw it up . for some reason they dont put these two together . its to the point of being really silly . no two people who love each other the way they do would have stayed apart this long . not possible . now what they can do is this . so far i love the fact they are together . im assuming they are . but they can have her lose the baby , hence they are not going to be together . if they do that i will most likely not watch anymore . its just become to dumb . they did it right with angela and hodgins . so if they know what is good for the show they will allow these two to get together . in the forums everyone is pissed or was pissed they were not together . its been to long . she better have this baby with him , and get married . not because they have to get married , but because they love each other . since i see know sign of love in real life a little fantasy sounds good !! and it seems the ones you do love are taken . so lets hope they get it right . it was a silly show with the bowling but it was funny . and they made up for it with the birth , and booth and temperance having a baby . so lets hope they continue to get it right . or this show in my humble opinion wont be on more than another season .
 The endearing character of Bones , and her singular adherence to the evidence , and denial of any intimate personal relationship is mimicing the legendary character created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , Sherlock Holmes . Holmes could identify a person 's profession by looking at them , splashes of mud on a person told him where they had been at a glance , and he could see facts in the most insignificant and mundane bits of evidence . Bones looks at tye bones and unerringly describes the details , much like Holmes . Watson was the man of action , though most Americans would n't understand since over here we have traditionally shown Watson to be an oaf . But Conan Doyle made him a wounded veteran of war , very similar to FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth , and Watson , not Holmes , carried the gun . Watson was a man of action , and not the fool hollywood made him in the many lame portrayals of the stories . Watson called Holmes a calculating machine , and like Temerance Brennan , Holmes had his own lab as well.I find the whole series a recreation of the Sherlock Holmes stories , but uniquely and competently modernized to our time , and near worship of science and the military man of action . The characters are endearing , the relationships active and fluid , and the talent of everyone involved in this series first rate . I am not being the least bit negative here . The Sherlock Holmes stories in their day had the popularity of today 's Harry Potter , they were a huge and entertaining success for the hords of people , and they remain that to this day for many of us . It takes serious talent to recreate that , and in this series , they have come very close.This particular episode is wonderful because it exposes the mutual attraction they all feel for each other , their work , and the need to do good and be good . As Holmes would often say , `` Come Watson , the game 's afoot ! '' In essence that is how the character of the irrascable District Attorney gets them all to return , she told them in similar fashion , `` the Game 's Afoot ! '' and they all responded unerringly as did Watson to the call .
 I must say something about this dvd.But I can only say if you love Bones than you have to buy this DVD
 Love this season ! It 's got great moments for all the characters and the addition of Angela 's pregnancy provides even more humor and drama . Not to mention that the finale was , in my opinion , one among the best episodes of the show as a whole . Highly recommend that fans purchase the season if they have n't seen much or any of it .
 Excellent Season ! The DVDs made it safely to my house and in good time . Ca n't wait to order the next season !
 What can you say the series only gets better.This season was a tear jerker and a breath holder . A must for the Bones Fan .
 Being able to sit down & view episodes back to back makes for one of the best entertainment experiences imaginable if you like the show & the wondeful acting that is a part of every episode .
 Nothing is better on a snow day than watching Bones and Booth banter back and forth . Bring on the snow .
 Awesome show ! I love every minute of bones and booth ! This season is great !! Must buy for any bones fan !
 The best show on air , great story lines . Loved it . Love the way the cast work together . Hope they keep up thegreat mix between the characters .
 I suppose if you are looking to order Season 6 , you are already hooked on Bones . This season continues with Bones and Booth 's relationship , some odd cases , clever humor , and squints that make a dictionary nearby useful . Overall , just as good as other seasons ; I see no lessening of the show 's quality .
 I Love Love this show . . season 6 ... made me cry made me laugh ... . . made me wait 6 yrs for them to jump into bed and they dont show anything not even a kiss . So worth buying ... love it .
 everything was good . we got the dvd very quickly and it was just what my daughter had wanted . brand new just like description said
 We were traveling the 6th season and for some reason missed when Booth and Bones got together so I bought these DVDs to we could catch up . Great that TV shows are now on DVDs so if you find something you like and have missed one or two seasons , you can catch up .
 This show is continuing to be good with each and every season . The cast is one that has so much chemistry with one another that it really is truly a great show .
 We are continuing to purchase the entire series of one of our favorite shows . It has not been a disappointment .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . I can not wait for the next season to come out on DVD to buy . Great gift to myself : -RRB-
 I am an avid Bones viewer . I loved the Season 6 episodes . I highly recommend them to anyone who likes some comedy with their forensics .
 This series never disappoints . Each season is a little different and as it evolves it gains more plot lines and interactions between the characters .
 Excellent , the whole family loves this show . Excellent price , shipped in good shape and came in very quickly . Love the Bones series .
 This is a great company to do business with . Here are some more words . Here are some more words . One more word .
 This was a risky purchase because I did not know anything about this series . Never watched it on TV . Bought the 6th and 7th seasons for something to watch over the holidays when TV is all reruns . It started out a little odd , I thought , then as my husband and I watched episode after episode , we grew to love it and I just placed an order with Amazon yesterday to purchase the entire series . My husband likes this so much he said he would not mind having watched the 6th season first and now we 're going to start with number one as soon as we receive it !
 This episode gets us back to what has made this show such a winner for the past 6 years , a masterful combination of compelling characterizations , a unique mystery to solve , and a great ensemble working together to make us laugh , make us cry , and give us a great story to enjoy ! The old Booth and Bones romantic chemistry is re-growing , and all is right in the world . Starting with a silent witness unable to tell her story , a mysterious young teenage deaf girl , also unable to communicate verbally , the team must find the victim , identify the murderer , and figure out the young girl 's identity and where she comes from . Dr. Brennan , the brilliant but socially challenged forensic anthropologist , Special FBI Agent , Seeley Booth , and their team have few clues to go on and the sole witness is unable and unwilling to share her story . They are not only able to do solve the crime , but they uncover and solve the mystery of the young woman 's origins . We also see more of the back story of Booth and Brennan , moving them closer to the closing climax of Season 6 of this quirky , dark , but humorous and romantic criminal investigative series .
 This episode has everything
 I love Bones , and this episode was great . It has a refreashing break from the norm and a happy ending that makes you feel good . 10 out of 10 .
 I have been watching Bones from the beginning , I can say that season 6 is the best of all . The Character dynamics have never been stronger . I loved the Hannah arc -LRB- didnt like Hannah though -RRB- . And now with the Sniper . This season really paves the way for Booth and Brennan to get together . Brennan has finally found her humanity , and Booth is rethinking about Brennan . I cant wait to see the rest of the Season and have high Hopes for Season 7 !!!
 Product arrived well before time quoted and in excellent condtion . I was a little apprehensive to order used dvd 's , but am very pleased with what I received . No problems with any of the discs and will defintely order from this seller again !
 Love the show and buy all the seasons when they come out . Amazon has very good prices and also has preordering , which I like . I will keep purchasing from Amazon .
 Have been collecting all of the Seasons of &#34; Bones &#34; great show . Seelly Booth & Temperance Brennan make a great team to work with and to be together as a family
 Got it for a gift . for me . will like the move but did n't get to see all.yes i will tell everyone .
 If you like Bones you must watch it . If you have never seen bones it is a show about a FBI agent who partners with an anthropologist to solve crime . It is a great show , not as graphic or violent as Law and Order SVU , but with good character development and interesting insight .
 I love Bones and have been watching it since its inception . The show does n't seem to get stale like many shows do after this many seasons . The show does n't really have much correlation to the books that its based on but its still great !
 We got this because it 's a very interesting series ; Never had problems viewing the chapters ... takes a while to download , but it worth it .
 I watch every season and I still enjoy it , some of the story lines are repetitive but the main characters keep it interesting
 I love amazon instant video ! When I miss an episode of a show I 'd rather pay a few bucks than have to hunt it down and worry about viruses !
 I love how Booth and Bones are always bickering and the chemistry between the all the characters just works ! I hope it enjoys a nice long run .
 My husband and I love Bones , but after we switched cable providers our recordings got messed up and we had to play catch up . Purchasing episodes through Amazon was easy and convenient !
 Bones is our favorite show . We started watching it into the third season . Some of the scenes did n't make any sense , so we bought Seasons 1-4 and caught up on the background of the various characters and their relationships between each other . Now everything makes sense!We love all of the characters and how they are so well integrated into the various episodes . Great writing , great acting . Comedy and drama mixed well into each show.I highly recommend all of the Bones seasons .
 This was purchased as Christmas present for my daughter . She was very pleased , everything she expected it to be . A nice addition to her collection .
 Everything was as expected . I had no issues and came very quick . It was a perfect gift for my sister .
 I bought this for my mother-in-law . We love this show ! The first two seasons of this show are the best , but they are all worth watching .
 The DVD set was in excellent condition , never having been opened . Greatly enjoyed watching the 6th season at an affordable price . Thanks !
 With a high quality HDTV with good black-rendition , the quality improvement delivered by a Blu-Ray DVD is noticeable . Otherwise , the normal edition is sufficient .
 Bones is a show that only gets better and season six did not disappoint !! Got it for under 20 dollars and it arrived with in a week of purchase in perfect condition !!
 I ordered Bones Sixth Season from Amazon and they have not disappointed me with any of my orders . My orders have always been as described and the shipping is very reasonable . Thank you Amazon , I surely will be doing more business with you in the future .
 This season is awesome and the product is exactly as described . I could not have asked for a better product and really fast shipping .
 Blu-Ray offers excellent picture , good quality HD , and packed with bonus features . I was able to get the box set for an extremely reasonable price -LRB- cheap in fact -RRB- , and it was shipped to me in record time . Only took 3 days when it was anticipated to take 7-10 business days !
 Started watching the reruns with my daughter . Got hooked on the show . It 's a great show . Love it . I have bought all the season and I 'm catching up to the new season showsand .
 So excited my DVD came in the mail today ! My teenage boys and I just finished watching it , laughing even more than we did when it aired on TV . For anyone with a real sense of humor -LRB- obviously this does not include Semtex Girl -RRB- this is first-class comedy performed by someone who understands better than most what it means to deal with ignorance and stereotyping in day-to-day life . An instant classic ! My kids and I love it ! Thanks , Steve !
 AS always Steve Byrne delivers ! , full of laughs and wonderful humor from the best of the best ... I sooo ca n't wait for more !
 By far my favorite work from steve byrne . My fourth live show of his that i 've seen and the man never ceases to amaze . sadly , sometimes his comedy is too intellectual for `` semtex girl '' - i mean SOME people , but at least i got all his jokes ! honestly , comedy central did n't do it justice by cutting the show to one hour . ca n't wait to see him live again or for another special ! mr. byrne , i continue to applaud you ! steve byrne jjang !
 I 've been waiting for this special for such a long time , as a fan of Steve Byrne since his first Comedy Central Presents I can definitely say that I love where he takes his comedy . Every time I have caught his act live or on Television he gets better and better . This blu-ray/dvd is packed with tons of great jokes mostly all new if you have never seen him live recently . But if you have maybe some will say ohhhh I 've seen these jokes before or similiar , but see that 's the beauty of Mr. Byrne , he 's like a rockstar magician in that you want him to perform his best , surprise us with new jokes and throw some good old classics at you , some with neat twists . The Byrne Identity is a great non-stop joy to watch and even has some neat little special features . Steve thanks for the wonderful special and I look forward to your next endeavors.If you are a fan of Steve this special has your name written all over it ! If you are new to him you can not go wrong with any of his specials . - Matt Maranan aka Tijuana from Mantastic in Brea improv , and Supercuts in Ontario improvCa n't believe you called me up TWICE to do that with you haha
 You know you are a good comedian when someone will see your material more than once and still laugh each time . Steve does that for me , and he definitely does n't disappoint in his new special `` The Byrne Identity . '' Steve is completely original and relatable , which is the best combination in any comedian . I love it when Steve goes into his `` girl '' voice . . get 's me to bust a gut every time . I got this DVD because Comedy Central bleeped so much out , and also for the great extras . What are you waiting for . . order it already !
 Wow ! I never pondered so much between gut-laughs . If you like people-watching , you 'll love the way Steve pokes at our social retardation . Invest an hour watching this densely-packed sprint of jokes .
 Based on the comedy ONLY , I would give this a 3.5 / 5 , but I give it a 4 cause the COMPLETELY agree with most of the jokes . There 's one joke about African-Americans & Asian-Americans that I love , AND agree with totally.I 've always liked Steve Byrne though . I think my fav thing with him that I 've seen is a YouTube video . I think he was in the Comedy Factory . That was hilarious !! You 'll know it 's the one when he makes the joke about `` Spooning '' with women .
 I ca n't put words together to explain this DVD . I admit halfway i was getting the impression that his last dvd was the best but the end made it worth while . Watch it !
 This is one of the best comedy specials I have ever seen . It will blow you away . I 'm getting the DVD because I have seen him live and I know he has tons of other material that was n't even aired ! If you like to laugh , buy this DVD !
 The Steve Byrne Identity is INCREDIBLY funny ! His jokes are original and he finds a way to relate to ANY audience member ! The act is very well written which makes this his best special yet . So many of the jokes had me in tears . You will definitely be missing out on some great laughs if you do not purchase this DVD . There are also parts of his act that are included on the bonus features of this DVD that you must see !
 This is the best comedy DVD I have bought to date . Steve is hilarious ! His jokes are intelligent and so entertaining ! My cheeks hurt from laughing so much . I 'm definitely glad I made this purchase . And to the other person who was so offended by the joke about Titanic . First of all , these are JOKES . Second , this joke is not about the people who were killed during the Holocaust but about how Hollywood is repeatedly creating movies about the Holocaust year after year when there are other tragedies that have happened or are happening that never get made into movies . Bottom line
 I 'm just going to come right out and say it
 Buy this dvd only if you truly love great comedy done by a well spoken & slightly twisted person ! Awesome follow up to `` Happy Hour '' Well done Mr. Byrne !
 I absolutely LOVE this DVD special ! I 'm confused at the review with a single star ?! Come on now , lighten up , GEEZ !!! You watch stand up to unwind and laugh about life . He 's definitely become my new favorite comedian .
 3rd DVD with Steve Byrne . 1st-Kims of Comedy where he was excellent . 2nd was Happy Hour which was mostly recycled material from Kims of Comedy but not executed well but still ok . This Stand Up is done really well where I thought the material was much longer than an hours -LRB- in a very good way -RRB- . Some other stand up seems to be wasting time to fill time but Byrne filled this DVD well that it was moving very smoothly and have so many material that it seemed to be longer in comparison to other stand up ... once again in a good , entertaining way .
 I just watched this and I have to say , it 's been a really long time since I laughed that hard ! From the beginning Steve Byrne is engaging and funny but once he gets rolling ... IN TEARS ! I pulled a muscle in my side from laughing so hard , I woke nearly all of my neighbours and it 's like 3am so bad me but holy crap he is HILARIOUS ! Payday later in the week and I am soooo buying this ! Absolutely brilliant !!
 I could n't wait to purchase this DVD and watch Steve Byrne 's performances . His jokes are so funny ! He had me smiling and laughing the whole time ! Some of his jokes , I can related with him but most of all , he is able to convey his jokes without offending people . If you understand his type of humors but find them offensive then these jokes is lost on you ! I 've been following his career since watching him on another DVD `` Kims of Comedy '' . Keep up the good work , Steve ! I hope there will be many more performances from you ! It is a pleasure to watch you perform ... You are my favorite Comedian !
 Overall , the story could have used more plot twists . The good looking men made it worth watching .
 I liked this movie from the first time i saw it ... I have no idea why ... maybe there are subliminal messages in it ... It really grew on me and its one of my fav movies ... . This movie is not for everyone ... Its a shallow ... movie that only certain people will like ... And i loved it ! It plays out like a scary dream ... End result ? Rent it and watch it more than once ... it may grow on ya !
 I do n't know if this movie is a spoof or a parody or what but this movie rock 's it is clearly one of the better one 's of this year . This movie recycles thing from about every horror vampire and road trip movie I have ever seen . I really like how the actor 's especially Kerr Smith do n't ham it up they play it straight the whole movie which does wonders . This one is a keeper this movie is 20 times funnier than Scary Movie this one will go in my collection with Tomb Raider and Glitter as my all - time favorite comedies
 An young aspiring B-Movie Tralier Editor -LRB- Kerr Smith -RRB- driving Cross-Country to be in his sister Wedding but when he picks up mysterious hitch-hiker -LRB- Brendan Fehr -RRB- and they find themselves battling a bloodsucks vampires -LRB- Led by Johnathan Schaech -RRB- in the American Southwest.This is a Well Made , Fast-Paced , Action-Thriller is Cleverly Written by Director : J.S. Cardone with also a Surprisngly Good Cast for this Gerne . An small hit in Theaters . DVD 's has an sharp anamorphic Widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- transfer -LRB- Also in Pan & Scan -RRB- with an strong Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound . DVD Extras are : An Commentary Track by the Director , Deleted Scenes and More . This film will become a Cult Classic for the Horror Gerne . Grade : B + .
 i loved the lost boys , and I still think that movie was better then this one , but this one was still grate . And it is still one of the best new vampire movies I have seen .
 Those of you who thought Hannibal was disgusting think again , The Forsaken starring Dawson 's Creek 's Kerr Smith and Roswells Brendan Fehr takes the prize for goriest film is recent history . Suprisingly well done the movie is about a guy who picks up a hitchiker who happens to be bounty hunter looking for vampires known as The Forsaken . Along the wya they encounter them so the whole movie is filled with their attempts to get away from them . The acting is actually good and the plot is exciting and it keeps you on the edge of your seat . Lots of gore , blood , feasting on humans , human hearts , and a schocking scene of a head of a vamp being blown off . Jonathan Scheach is perfectly evil as the head of The Forsaken . The only problem is that the vamps used guns to kill and I would have rathered they killed like regular vampires with their fangs , and too many chase scenes , but overall a disgusting , excting ride that all fans of horror will love .
 Be forewarned those who may be driving in the desert at night on some dark , deserted piece of highway . Stop for hitchhikers at your own risk . Also avoid the urge of trying to be too helpful to fellow motorist stranded along the way . Remember things are not always what they appear to be.This was quite a well-constructed , coherent storyline from beginning to end . You are never left in the dark with this plot . Everything is explained at the appropriate time , the history of this particular vampire sect , how they happened to show up in Midwest America , how the vampire virius works in the body , its telepathic properties and what must be done to cure yourself from the curse of `` The Forsaken . '' All this infomation was nicely worked into the script in such a way as not to bog down the viewer with too much substance , hence detracting from what the average movie fan is looking for , gore and violence.A brief comment for any young girls who may get struck watching this with a boyfriend . While you may not enjoy the horror elements in the movie you might enjoy the male members of the cast which includes ; Brendan Fehr -LRB- Roswell -RRB- , Kerr Smith -LRB- Dawson 's Creek , Final Destination -RRB- and Johnathon Schaech -LRB- That Thing You Do -RRB- as the head vampire.Brendan Fehr was terrific as the young , wise beyond his years vampire hunter roaming the highways and byways in search of the vampire that infected him with the virius . My favorite scene in the movie is when Nick -LRB- Brendan Fehr -RRB- and Sean -LRB- Kerr Smith -RRB- stop at a roadside diner for a bite to eat . A two-way conversation quickly turns into a monologue when Nick begins to compare the aspirations and hopes of his generation with those of the last . It 's not only hilarious , but absolutely true . Without giving away too much of the ending , I 'll just say a perfect opening was provided for a sequel . While I 'm not generally a fan of sequels , I would 've liked to see Brendan Fehr reprise his role of vampire hunter at least one more time.Simply the most enjoyable vampire film since `` The Lost Boys . ''
 I am a big fan of the Vampire film genre and thsi was the best I 've seen in a long time . I was worried it was gon na be a boring undead teeny bopper flick but I was very impressed . I loved the slacker vampire hunter as it was a great change from the usual hard-edge vengeance hunter -LRB- Vampires -RRB- , or the morose brooding quiet type -LRB- Vampire Hunter D -RRB- . He was actaully believable in the role which was something Corey Feldman never pulled off -LRB- Lost Boys -RRB- . The feeding scenes were great , very animalistic , and intense . As a matter of fact the whole movie stayed pretty intense throughout . Loved the Vampire henchmen characters , they really connected and contrasted well with their master . The only thing I did n't like about this one was the unending , gratuitous nudity -LRB- ok five scenes is n't exactly unending -RRB- . I have no problem with nudity in films and sexuality is defniatley a must in a vampire movie but it kinda felt like hey you there look at these ... ok lets go back to the movie . All fans of the vampire genre -LRB- you know who you are -RRB- should see this one .
 Johnathon Schaech is a great vampire . Beneath those smoldering good looks , the buff body and those mesmerizing eyes , lies an evil being not quite Christopher Lee , but still a commanding presence . Carrie Snodgress -LRB- who recently passed away -RRB- does a fine cameo role as an elderly lady who owns a business on sacred ground . Kerr Smith is effectively heroic and Brendan Fehr , while still looking a little wet behind the ears , is a convincing vampire hunter.Having traveled cross country four times , I could empathize with the loneliness of those desert highways , so that heightened the suspense for me . There 's a lot of gore , maybe even a little too much , but THE FORSAKEN tries to break ground in an oversaturated field . Director Cardone keeps the action fast and furious , and Schaech is prime vampire material .
 The Forsaken is a real horror gem . There are no teens being stalked by a crazed killer -LRB- do n't get me wrong , I love slasher movies -RRB- just an hour and a half of running scared from blood thirsty vampires who relish every drop.Kerr smiths character starts off on his way to delivering a car when a guy asks for a lift . Cue a car full of really strange people who seem to be following them . Kerr soon realises that he is infected as well as 2 other people and will soon turn into a vampire . It 's a race against time to kill the vampires and save themselves.What I like most about this movie is the location it takes place . There 's nothing as scary as driving along a deserted highway that seems neverending . If you needed help it could be hours , you 've got a car full of killer vampires on your tail and your nearly on your last legs as it is - truly terrifying!This movie is non stop thrills from begining to end . The gore and use of make up effects is truly believable and the cast make The Forsaken a real class movie .
 This movie was n't academy award material but I still thought it was a pretty good flick . Also , the dude that played Nick in this movie was a total and major Hottie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOW !!!!! Any way good flick if you like vampire movies .
 If you like vampire movies or Brendan Fehr , you 'll love this .
 I enjoyed this movie . And the main reason I enjoyed it would have to be Brendan Fehr . As a huge Roswell fan , he was the reason I went and saw the movie ! I also like vampire flicks and so I was intrigued ! It was pretty good and I will buy it when it comes out on video !
 THE FORSAKEN is a horror/action thriller about a guy named Sean who is driving cross-country to attend his sister 's wedding , and along the way he picks up a man named Nick who just happens to be a vampire hunter . Now , Sean is caught up in a battle with a gang of bloodthirsty vampires -LRB- The Forsaken -RRB- , and things take a turn for the worst when Sean becomes infected with the vampire virus , and now he has to battle the undead in order to stay human . This movie had me on the edge of my seat , it has alot of plot twists , and good character development for the human and the vampire characters . This is definitly one of the best vampire movies to come out in the new millenium .
 Keep in mind I have n't seen Near Dark yet , but I loved this movie . The cast of newcomers worked great with this low budget film.The vampires , themselves were great , both creepy and sexy at the same time . It was great to see Brendan as the rugged hunter . With Kerr as his reluctent partner .
 when i first saw the movie i was in love with it . It was the greatest movie i have ever seen and this is a movie i can watch over and over again i hope they make a second one . Bredan and Kerr were great . This movie kept us holding on waiting to see what happens . It was a good thrill and suspence . I must say this is a five star movie with out a doubt .
 This is really an excellent vampire movie and not all are . This really offers sex appeal , danger , drama , intensity , edge of the seat excitement as well as fire . Love Brendan Fehr , formerly from Roswell . He has that rough edge , yet smooth , and has just the right stuff for a movie like this . Great casting and all actors are very believable , and suited for their roles perfectly . I have watched this movie several times and I never have gotten tired of it . Easy to watch this movie several times as though it 's the first time everytime . If you love intensity , and for your stomach to rumble constantly , you 'll love this .
 I honestly do n't know why I like this movie . I was n't bored throughout it and actually found alot of it funny . I must admit they should have did more with the whole vampire hunter thing . I 'm planning on buying this in the future .
 Ladies and gents youll love this movie , it is just as good as lost boys . It needs an alternate ending though but still worth the price
 I totally recommend this to Slash/yaoi fans . Vampires are the virus & curse ; type . Sean picks up a clever hitchhiker -LRB- Nick -RRB- that turns out to be a vampire hunter . Nick is looking to kill one of the original vampires to cure himself before he turns.Its a little cheesy but the two main characters really shine out . That and the type of vampire in the movie was intresting.I 'm a big Sean/Nick shipper . :-RRB- The girls really more of a side character with few lines . The boys really only have eyes for each other . ;-RRB- - ksha2222
 I caught this on Cinemax recently , and it 's a good little film . It 's a bit like Near Dark . The characters are likeable which is different from so many recent horror films . There 's also a really mean Dodge Charger featured as the bad guys car , and some good special effects .
 THIS MOVIE IS PRETTY GOOD ! I THINK YOU WILL LIKE IT IF YOU LIKE THE TV SHOW ROSWELL ! IT IS KINDA LIKE IT IN A WAY ! ALSO THE MAIN STAR IN ROSWELL IS IN THIS MOVIE ! ALSO IF YOU LIKE SCARY MOVIES YOU WOULD LIKE THIS MOVIE ! SO YOU SHOULD SEE IT !!!
 Although skeptical at first , I went and saw this movie the day it came out in theaters . `` The Forsaken '' is the best movie I 've seen this year . The vampire theme of the story was well-written and perfectly executed . It 's a thriller that will keep you glued to the screen the entire time ! It 's definitely a movie that everyone should go and see .
 Sean -LRB- Kerr Smith -RRB- is your typical Hollywood worker who left L.A. on his way to see his sister 's wedding in Flordia . Along the way , he picks up a hitcher named Nick -LRB- Brendan Fehr -RRB- who is actually a vampire hunter with some weapons and medicines to prevent infections from vampire bites , his mission is to hunt down every of the last remaining vampires whom been spreading a vampire disease to people for 500 years . They pick up lovely Megan -LRB- Izabella Miko -RRB- who was bitten by a vampire leader named Kit -LRB- Jonathan Schaech -RRB- with his clan called `` The Forsaken '' or otherwise known as the desert vampires out for blood.Fun and trashy supernatural horror-comedy modern western from writer/director JS Cardone . Though derivative of Kathryn Bigewlo 's 1987 masterpiece `` Near Dark '' to the 1986 cult fave `` The Hitcher '' , this movie deals with vampirism as a disease as these ancient vampires caused the black plague in Europe long ago as they even create telegenetic abilities to their victims of telepathy . Here the vampires have no fangs but sharp as blades teeth but still has the same abilities like traditional vampires do . Miss Miko is quite sexy here and the whole cast shines , there is some good quality gore like a kickass exploding head sequence and the acting is average . If you want some campy and violent fun for your vampire needs then check out this one.This DVD has cool extras like trailers to this and other , featurettes , deleted scenes , filmographies and commentary.Also recommended
 Beginning with rather strange Scrapyard receptionist wearing skin tight spandex over her ... let 's just say ` somewhat wide ' hips , and from her plastic neck brace that looks very uncomfortable , to her habit of tying up her hair with between ten to fifteen pencils sticking out of the crazy brown mop atop her head , from the mechanic with a southern accent in the middle of the Sonoran Desert Badlands of Arizona to his greasy smile and vomit inducing teeth , from the black and white old western movie playing on the TV in the motel scene -LRB- which combines sex with ... well I wo n't spoil it -RRB- to the Shasta can on top on of the dashboard of an Arizona Cop -LRB- HUGE mustache included -RRB- , from the blood dripping off of a soap container at a rest stop also in those same Arizona Badlands to the popsicle sucking motel owner who has his pet money fetch the room keys for his guests , from a real life former -LSB- ... -RSB- playmate teasing and flashing Kerr Smith -LRB- Final Destination , Charmed , Justice , Dawson 's Creek , E-Ring , as well as being on a number of VH1 shows including the insanely popular series ' I Love The 90 's ' -RRB- as her car speeds away then disappears into a mirage created by the desert heat , to the brutal murder and torching of another cop - supposedly a Texas State trooper - right on his own car , from lizards being cooked and eaten as a side dish at a cafe in Tornillo , Texas , to the sex scene between two vampires in the back of their broken down car in which they choose not to swap spit but rather blood and ... -LRB- well you get the picture -RRB- ... From the acting of the modern ` B ' movie king Johnathon Schaech -LRB- The Doom Generation , Little Chenier , Sea of Dreams , and That Thing You Do , as well as some of his ` B ' Movie brilliance in films and sequals such as Road House 2 , Finding Graceland , 8MM 2 , Living Hell , Poison Ivy II , and Mummy an ' the Armadillo - also directed by ` The Forsaken ' director J.S. Cardone -RRB- , and the real charisma of the young , talented Brendan Fehr -LRB- CSI : Miami , the critically acclaimed film Sugar , The Fifth Patient , the cult series Roswell , and as the field goal kicker in U2 's music video ` Stuck in a Moment ... ' -RRB- . All of the scenes and actors mentioned above are just a few of the many reasons ` The Forsaken ' is a wild , brutal , often hilarious ride that must be seen to be believed . And enjoyed.Sadly , ` The Forsaken ' marks the last appearance on the Big Screen of former Oscar nominee for Best Actress in 1970 's ` Dairy of a Mad Housewife , ' the late Carrie Snodgrass - who is also known for her work in 1998 's ` Wild Things ' -LRB- with Kevin Bacon , Neve Campbell , and Matt Dillon -RRB- , 1994 's ` Blue Sky ' -LRB- with Jessica Lange and Tommy Lee Jones -RRB- , and Clint Eastwood 's 1985 cult classic ` Pale Rider ' - who passed away on April 1st 2004 . In this role , as a spooky widow living in the middle of nowhere who ends up helping out Fehr and Smith as they try to lure the vampires , which strangley enough also includes themselves as well , toward ` hallowed ground . ' While you can tell Snodgrass is on her last legs , her performance alone -LRB- minimal yet important -RRB- is reason enough to see this film . All in all , ` The Forsaken ' is rich with hilarious yet wonderfully rich characters , funny lines , occasional overacting - a staple of GREAT ' ` B ' Movies , and even the requisite -LRB- actually about five or six -RRB- nude scenes - all of gorgeous women -RRB- . Izabella Miko of ` Save The Last Dance 2 ' , Deadwood , and the music video for The Killers ' hit `` Mr. Brightside ' , Simon Rex of Scary Movie 3 & 4 , and Monarch Cove , Alexis Thorpe of Days of Our Lives and American Wedding , and British Actress and Supermodel Phina Oruche also star.If you 're looking for a movie that makes a poignant social commentary and includes tremendous acting performances that were written about and were nominated for all the awards ... this is not a film for you.And if you were looking for a Horror film in the vain of the recent ` Wolf Creek ' , ` SAW ' -LRB- 1,2 & 3 -RRB- , ` Bug ' , ` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre -LRB- 2003 -RRB- or Quentin Tarantino 's ` Hostel ' -LRB- 1 & 2 -RRB- , where stories take a back seat to whatever the most twisted , disgusting , disturbing , sick torture can be done to a human , you 'll probably be disappointed that you can actualy watch ` The Forsaken ' while not worrying about losing your appetite , or whatever is in your stomach - all over your girlfriend , or couch or -LRB- God Forbid -RRB- your Mary Jane . ` The Forsaken ' while not quite as good , really resembles another Tarantino project ` From Dusk 'Til Dawn ' much , much , more than it does any of the other aforementioned movies.However , if you are a ` B ' Movie Aficionado , love movies in the Horror/Thriller genre , specifically the recent flood of SLICK Hollywood Horror/Thriller films as well as other vampire movies , be it as far back as ` The Lost Boys ' to present films such as ` The Grudge ' , ` Pulse ' , ` House of Wax ' and the darker ` Underworld ' movies that have made loads of money at the Box Office -LRB- ` The Forsaken ' was actually released 4-5 years before this trend -LRB- in 2001 -RRB- and in many ways , it was done better -RRB- this movie is for you . If you love the briliance of the ` B ' movie -LRB- Humourus , quirky , parts or performances hilariously bad one minute while minutes later it 's so good you ca n't believe it 's the same film , and the many other ways that ` Brilliance ' is interpeted in the genre known as ` B ' movies , you '' ll have a blast watching this film . And if you have nothing better to do on a hot summer night , better if it 's so hot every fan in the house is on , and you live either deep in the woods , on the ocean , or for authenticity ... in the mddle of the desert you 'll be very entertained . Or if it 's a cold snowy day , or a rainy aftern ... well you get my point -RRB- . Grab a six pack of the beverage of your choice , or the cinema vice you like , be it popcorn , chocolate , gummi bears , or even some Mary Jane and enjoy a fun movie . As Well as the phenomenon that is Brendan Fehr 's ohh so stylish mullet . He 's Canadian , and I guess that is how he pulls it off so wel . Almost too well really , since my girlfriend wanted me to get mine cut just like that after she saw this film . ` The Forsaken ' is a great time and a MUST for all Horror , Vampire , and especially all ` B ' movie lovers .
 I bought this movie when I was on a serious vampire-story kick , and it got here as that kick was waneing . So I put off watching it , because frankly the cover looks like every other silly sex-kittens-and-bloodsuckers vamp flick out there , just done with today 's teenagers instead of last decade 's teenagers . I have nothing against s-k - & - b-s films , but I have to be in a specific mood to want to watch them.Today , I decided to get off my behind -LRB- or rather , to sit * on * my behind ... -RRB- , stop stalling because I was afraid of how bad it might be , and actually watch it . My expectations were very , very low . I was pleasantly surprised.It 's done fairly well - the characters mostly hold together . The bits where they go all `` Natural Born Killers '' with the filming are as lame as in every other film that 's used them , but the rest is decently done and competently acted.All in all , it 's a pretty darn good job . They could have gone and screwed it up but they did n't . And for Hollywood , that 's a major achievement.If I say anything about the plot I might give something away , and that would actually be a shame , because there is a sort of plot and it does n't go strictly according to the standard script . It sticks close and does involve a bunch of pretty , pimple-free early twenties kiddies wearing as little as possible but still ; it manages to have a few shreds of originality . It maintains what integrity it has while conforming to the formula script of pretty kids in a bad situation with vampires .
 I saw `` The Forsaken '' in theaters last May , and I loved it , I thought it was a great film . `` The Forsaken '' is a story about Sean -LRB- Kerr Smith -RRB- who is going cross-country to deliver a car to a guy in Florida , and on his way he picks up a lone hitchhiker , Nick -LRB- Brendan Fehr -RRB- . The two pick up a strange girl who has just been bitten by a vampire , and while trying to help her , Sean gets bitten by the lady they picked up . And so the threesome are out to stop the head vampire so that they can prevent becoming vampires . The plot is semi-original , the acting was believable , the direction was pretty good , and the film overall was great , but the dvd was disapointing . When I saw the packaging and the special features that were on the dvd , it made me want to get `` The Forsaken '' even more , plus the price was right , so I bought it . I finally watched it today , and the features were good but not what I expected . The 3 deleted scenes were good , one is where Nick tells Sean about his childhood , I felt that one should have been included in the film , because it adds charecter-development . Another deleted scene has Nick and Sean leaving a diner and Sean asks Nick if crosses , garlic , ect . work on vampires , and the final one has a confrontation between the head vampire and Izabella Miko 's character . All 3 deleted scenes equal roughly 4 minutes . And there are trailers for `` The Forsaken '' , `` Hollow man '' , `` Vampires '' , `` Dracula '' , and `` Ghosts of Mars '' . The real let-down was the two making-of features , one is a profile of Brendan Fehr which is about 2 minutes , and the other is about the Mercedes used in the film , and who they filmed one of the vampires death scenes and is roughly 2 and a-half minutes . Usually featurettes are atleast 5 minutes , both of these combined are n't even 5 minutes long.Overall , `` The Forsaken '' is worth buying alone just to see a great vampire flick , but if you 're looking for special features , they are there , but are relatively short and disapointing . `` The Forsaken '' is for vampire and horror film fans , but those who are n't into those types of movies may want to stick with a rental .
 I loved this movie . It has a great cast of actors ... the plot is a good one ... and the action is non stop . There is a lot of gore and violence ... it will hold your interest throughout !
 There are many vampire movies out there , some well made , some not.This is one I 'm happy to say is well made and acted.Sadly it did not get a lot of press when it was originaly released at the movie theaters.If you can appreciate a horror movie that 's less about big budget effects and more about a good storyline this is one to see .
 A bunch of guys and I wanted something sexy and interesting . We got it in `` The Forsaken . '' Knowing that Kerr Smith was in it we knew we had chosen the right movie . He 's a great actor , and easy on the eyes . The storyline is fun . And it 's a good getaway movie worth seeing .
 After watching the horrible Queen of The Dammed & not been over swept by the Buffy vampire phenomena I found this movie to be a refreshing breath of the imagination air . I know next to nothing about the mythology & untrue fantasy of vampires but watching this film I almost got sucked in to believing in vampires like I was when I younger watching the X Files & believing in aliens . But now I 'm mature & do n't really believe in anything except maybe nihilism & materialism . Speaking of which there are references to that in Nick 's character -LRB- Brendan Fehr -RRB- in the diner scene when he was complaining about life , Bill Gates making too much money , Monica Lewinski making $ of Bill Clinton & some other great philosophical insights . One of the deleted scenes on the DVD , where the blonde Megan Izabella Miko -RRB- confronts the evil head vampire Kit -LRB- Johnathon Schaech -RRB- I thought should have been on the movie . It featured some great powerful acting on Miko 's behalf . I really do n't feel this movie should be classified as a b-movie . It feels like a classy & expensive movie , especially in the flashback/memory scenes cutting back to the vampire disease . The only weak thing about the film is the ending . While good enough , I thought it was a bit anti-climatic . I think the 1st 75 % of the film is as good as I would expect from a modern day vampire road movie -LRB- a genre that is quite original -RRB- . The pace & rhythm of the movie was fantastic , just lost it 's run @ the end , but hey nothing 's perfect . You do empathise with the characters though . Maybe a shock Se7ven David Fincher surprise unhappy ending might have made it better as a whole . The greatest part of the movie for me was it really reminded me of my beloved The X Files series . The way they kept on referring to the vampires as a virus & the use of drugs was great . If Buffy is any good as this -LRB- having not watched any episodes of it -RRB- I 'm sure I will be a dedicated fan . Finally I 'd like to say this film is wonderfully written , scripted & acted . PS I just wish they told us more about why the vampires were cold blooded killers . A reason why they wanted eternal life & why they killed people for @ all costs & with no conscience would have been very very interesting . PPS
 This film rocks . Hip rock and roll gore fest road trip from hell .
 THIS MOVIE IS PRETTY GOOD ! IF YOU LIKE THE T.V. SHOW ROSWELL YOU SHOULD LIKE THIS MOVIE ! IT ALSO STARS THE GUY FROM ROSWELL ! HE IS ONE OF THE MAIN PEOPLE IN THIS MOVIE ! THIS MOVIE IS NOT ONE OF THE BIG SCARYM MOVIES ! IT IS SCARY BUT NOT LIKE SCREAM OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT ! SO IF YOU LIKE SCARY MOVIES YOU SHOULD FOR SURE SEE THIS !!!!
 i loved this movie . i loved it because it has the different stories that have a similar story line . i thought it was rather unique in it 's own way .
 Fun anthology that will satisfy horror fans . There are some clever episodes here varying in content from hitmen to vampires to clowns . My favorite is the longest and most creepy episode involving the clown . Great direction , acting and makeup . Kudos ! I 'm looking forward to a part 2 .
 This Film kinda reminds me of Quicksilvers Highway or even better
 Happend to come across this film while looking for a movie at Redbox . I would 've passed it up but a name at the top of box caught my eye . Which name you may ask ? Bill Oberst , Jr. , that 's who -LRB- whom some of you might recall as the man who played Lincoln in Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies -RRB- . Figuring as to how he acted so well in that movie , I gave this one a chance and I 'm glad I did.This movie reminded me of movies like Creepshow , Trick r ' Treat & Campfire Tales in which you 're given short stories that , most of the time , end very badly . In this batch of stories , you 're given things that tend to scare the most like Zombies , Vampires , Clowns and the like.What I loved most about this film is that most of the stories were short but gave you what you came for and then some . I hope this film does well enough for Phase 4 Films that they will decide to make a sequel . Scary or Die is a fun romp that every horror fan should see .
 This DVD was not available in Germany , so it was the only opportunity for me to buy it here . And that is what I did.The whole purchasing process was very uncomplicated , easy to understand and I received the DVD earlier than announced - all the way to Germany!There is nothing to complain about. ;--RRB- -RRB- The packaging was safe and sufficient.The DVD was well protected and I received it undamaged . The article was delivered like described.I only can watch it on my computer , but this may concern to my DVD-player . I 'm already looking for the next article that I want to buy . ;--RRB- -RRB- Thank you so much .
 This movie is regarded as groundbreaking for its time and I can only imagine this is because it captured a very American zeitgeist and challenged conventions . But only 35 years later we live in a very different age . The homosexuality , poverty , desperation and hedonism that was so repressed prior to the 70s is now center stage in the public sphere . Nothing 's shocking in this film , not from the POV of today . It 's strange how time and culture truly marches on.What is left is just a solid character drama with two superb actors in a time capsule . Voigt and Hoffman really are excellent actors . But ultimately the story failed to really touch me in the here and now . If you want to see a movie depicting two victims of society discovering intimacy , then I would suggest Kiss of the Spider Woman , which I found to be much more moving and still relevent.A great movie from a film history -LRB- and American history -RRB- perspective , but if you are looking for gripping , contemporary entertainment -- I think this film may leave you cold . Still , it is a classic and anyone interested in their film literacy should make a point of seeing it .
 this was a classic movie , I received the dvd as described and within the date promised . I would rate this as a 100 % positive transaction .
 I saw Midnight Cowboy when it was first released back in the sixties . Sometimes time and distance allow our memories to embellish but in this case , not . After 40 years the movie could still be a hit if released today . Hoffman and Voight have really aged ... hehe
 This movie is rated # 36 in Newsweek magazine 's `` Best 100 movies of the last Century '' . I am collecting them , and I agree with the rating .
 Midnight Cowboy is an unflinching look at dreams in a city of hopelessness , nightmares , and betrayal . A timeless setting , the focus in this film is of seedy New York life . The American Dream is hidden in this dark vision.Joe -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- is a wannabe-hustler who works from the misconception that any hard work , even hustling , will be rewarded . Joe lands in New York a dreamer , but Eden soon disillusions him . He teams up with a sickly con man `` Ratso '' Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , who is the antithesis of what Joe hopes to become-but they are matched complements.Eventually , the two go to an avant-garde party , ripe with possibilities , but Ratso just wants the free food -- a missed opportunity is a lapse in the ability to survive . Dashing Joes 's revived hopes of becoming a hustler , Ratso 's illness takes a turn for the worse . Joe 's true loyalty shows , but in his quest to help his friend , rage born of disillusionment is unleashed on a gay man , an act of desperation to ensure Ratso 's survival.Alas , no dreams are to come true . An emotionally crushed and by-now-morally-bankrupt Joe is left with his dead friend , on a bus to Florida , to deal with what he has done and what he has become .
 The DVD set was suppose to be mint , used.I 'd swear it was brand new if not for the missing shrink wrap around the DVD.Delivery was VERY prompt . I must add though that they are in NJ , and I 'm on Long Island.The shipping package was about the best packing I 've ever received when ordering on the internet.Highly recommended . I 'd buy from them again .
 A very disturbing and interesting movie , then and now . I ca n't say it 's also entertaining , considering the often ghastly depressing settings.Joe Buck , played by Jon Voight , is a young , fledgling `` stud '' , raised by a promiscuous grandmother , who leaves rural Texas for urban New York and finds the transition difficult ; although we wonder if this less than bright young man has any sense of what might be in store . His dream is to get established as a male `` escort '' , in the euphemistic sense , for wealthy women . His mentor is the streetwise , homeless , Ratso Rizzo , played beautifully by Dustin Hoffman.Hoffman 's character really sells the movie but ironically also leads one to question the validity of the movie
 Midnight Cowboy was one of the first films to be honest with it viewer on life , it never turns out the way you think it will .
 I saw this film when it was released in the city . I recall back then , I was used to watching films with relatively an iota of exposure compared to this gut-twisting drama . This motion picture displayed New York at its grittiest . The drama of Jon Voight coming to New York to be a male stud and bonding an unforgettable friendship with Dustin Hoffman is still an eye-opener after thirty years for me . I had lived in New York for about twenty years prior to the shooting of this film and thought I really knew my way around it ; at least I thought . It is a drama of unforgettable proportions , especially if seen today in its full-screen glory .
 There are few movies that grip you like Midnight Cowboy . A movie that holds the test of time , and shows that friendship survives in the deepest of tragedies . Dustin Hoffman , and Jon Voight give the performances of their career . Hoffman as a sleazy con man , and Voight as the young stud in New York . You really get a first hand look at what New York could turn out to be if you do not succede at your chosen profession . I believe this is the greatest movie ever made and you have to see it and not back away from it like people have been doing since it has been released END
 Saw this movie when it first came out . I did not realize that Ratso was Dustin Hoffman , he was transformed completly into his character . Two drifters , losers , bums , find they have a lot in common and become friends , first by necessity then a real friendship was born . Truly great cinema and great acting . Enjoy !
 `` Midnight Cowboy '' offered to me one of my earliest fond memories in my film education . I saw it in a truncated version on UHF in 1980 . Despite the cuts for content it still had the power to move me . To be honest it moved me to tears which is not something one easily admits to . It 's a film about an unlikely friendship between Joe Buck -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- , a naive cowboy who has unrealistic dreams of gaining his fortune as a male prostitute in New York and Enrico `` Ratso '' Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , a gimpy tubercular ersatz grifter . The alliance is utterly believable because at first it 's born from convenience and the inherent isolation both characters feel and evolves into the love the two feel towards each other . Voight is utterly charming as the aw-shucks Westerner . This part introduced Voight to film audiences in a big way . Hoffman 's part is a real eye opener because it was his followup to `` The Graduate '' and there could n't be two more diverse roles and Hoffman escapes into these characters completely . New York plays a big role in the picture but I do n't think the Chamber of Commerce would approve . The film demonstrates how the ritzy side of the Big Apple co-exists uneasily with the seedier side . This contributes to the isolation the characters feel . This is a first rate picture that was eminently deserving of the Best Picture Oscar it won despite the `` X '' rating the MPAA slapped on it at the time of it 's release .
 this movie is great . it is touching and you really ccare for the chacters.it has held up the test of time very well . i think this was one of hoffsmans best perfomances even better than his later hit rain man . voight is also good too . if you have never sceen this dont be scared off by the former x rating . today x ratings have come to me porn . over the use to refer to intelligent adult flims like this one . i thnk this is the best movie of the late 6os
 Midnight Cowboy brought back alot of memories of the 60 's . Everytime I watch it , it brings back my images of that time of my life . An excellant movie .
 Grandma pampered and Stud-charged , Joe Buck gives up the dish-washing industry to settle personal scores in NY . `` They 's all tutti-fruities , and the women are begging for it . '' Enroute from TX , he fails to impress the Nun 's on the bus - hell even the little girls laugh at him - but he remains undetoured . Landing on his snakeskin boots in NY , he `` spins around '' only to meet sick con-man Ratso Rizzo . Despite the Rat 's petty thievery , they become soulmates in search of nothingness . And nothingness is what they find . Every move is a trap , and every counter-move is check-mate . As the sickness grows , The Midnight Cowboy seeks unlikely remedy in the adolescent curious community . That too fails . Exhausted and desperate , they have gaudy dreams of personal success in the sunbelt ...
 The 5 Stars here are for the quality of the film itself . I have resisted the pull to buy the DVD because I am waiting for one to come out with all the extras about the making of the film . Although sadly John Schleisinger , James Leo Herlihy and Waldo Salt have passed on Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman could still do a commentary as could a few other principles which would be just amazing!As a screenwriter this film has had a huge impact on my writing and the scope of the kinds of stories that can be told with film . The acting is amazing in this film precisely because its not the showy -- `` look at me I 'm acting ! '' kind . It just feels like you 're spending time with real people . Real people that most of us would just look away from if we saw them on the street.I 'd say the only false note this film strikes is when Joe kills the priest who offers him the St. Christopher medal . As everything we 've seen so far about Joe -LRB- and we 've seen A LOT no kidding -RRB- being a killer , especially of someone who was basically helpless and non threatening does not seem to be in his character -- that is part of why the city grinds him down -- he is too soft-hearted -- he does n't have the killer spirit one needs to survive there . It just feels unmotivated My suspicions were laid to rest when I read the novel -- Joe does not kill the priest in the book . I think maybe they just added it to make it more shocking , more like other films of that period who emphasized physical rather than emotional violence and to make Joe and Ratso 's escape more urgent or cause the viewer to pull away from Joe 's character to make the end less devestating.For me this film stands head and shoulders above the rest of the Hollywood Renaissance films like Taxi Driver , Chinatown , Cuckoo 's Nest , and the Godfather , because Midnight Cowboy has something these other films do n't -- a BASIC HUMANISM -- understanding rather than condemning the things people do to survive -- These characters were so obviously created with love by the people who made them -- and you get a sense that every character you see in the film has a past -- -LRB- the woman at the bar in the beginning who first tells Joe Ratso 's nickname -- I 've always wondered about her story -RRB- . As much as the film is X rated and all that , it does n't go in for shock value . The scenes of interaction between the two main characters especially are incredibly subtle and naturalistic . And the little moments of offbeat humor -- Ratso 's odd little dance to the Orange Juice on Ice jingle -- never cease to charm me.To the people on this posting who 've condemned this film for corrupting young minds and criticized it for being dated -- well look around you.We live in a world of crystal meth and ecstasy at clubs , homophobia endorsed by the government , Catholic priests in the closet , traumatized veterans returning from a war initiated on the basis of lies , a serious lack of proper healthcare for the disenfranchised , rampant homelessness , -LRB- not to mention an upswing in antibiotic resistant TB cases -RRB- in other words , a world very close to the one in Midnight Cowboy , albeit with slightly different clothes and haircuts.Yeah , I WISH this film had become dated because that would mean we were no longer dealing with the kind of intolerance that led Herlihy to write the book in the first place.By the way if you have never read the book you really should . I think it may be out of print now , I 'm not sure . Lines I thought must have been made expressedly for the movie are actually in the book and you get to find out both Ratso and Joe 's complete backstories . -LRB- How 'd Ratso get that limp ? -RRB- It is amazing and I really think Herlihy should be a better known author today , a lot of the stuff he did really pushed the envelope and his psychological character sense was next to none
 What really amazes me about this movie is that people who have n't read the book understand it and think it 's great.I understand the flashback scenes-but how do they ? Anyway-the movie is about loneliness and friendship and loyalty-and that shines through-even though the main characters are an un-successful male hooker and a very small time hustler ... also a great period piece-underground N.Y.in the sixties ...
 I just saw this movie for the first time because of its inclusion on the AFI 100 Greatest list . I have no regrets . I was a Dustin Hoffman man before seeing this movie and have a deeper respect for his ability to act afterwards .
 Lets get the facts straight , this movie is hot . Also , the lead theme song of this movie has soon become synonymous with this oscar award winning movie starring Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman . Rent it and find out for yourself how great this x - rated film is . Do n't worry , it is now only rated R because the times have changed ! Rent it and watch it !!!!!!
 This is my favorite movie of all time and I truly believe it to be the best film ever made.It touches on the human condition of love and the need for some sort of companionship in a lonley world like no other motion picture.The acting is top notch and so is the directing.You need to pay attention to this movie to get it , I mean really get it .
 `` Midnight Cowboy '' winner of the 1969 Academy Award for Best Picture , Best Director , and Best Adapted Screenplay . Number 36 on The American Film Institutes Top 100 Films of All Time . Nominated for Best Actor for both Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman . I had seen this movie before and remember liking it and feeling slightly haunted by it . So , when they released the special edition I decided I liked it enough to buy it . And , the fact is ... This movie is amazing , incredible , indelible , and easily one of the best movies I 've ever seen . I 've seen thousands of movies , literally ... This movie easily ranks up in my top 20 and maybe even in my top 10 . Anyway , here 's the synopsis and then I 'll give a few thoughts on the movie and a few tips so you 'll know if you like it . The movie is essentially about Joe Buck -LRB- Voight -RRB- a slightly stupid and innocent kind of guy who dresses in a cowboy suit and goes to New York to work as a hustler ... Having sex with rich woman and then collecting when the fun 's over . After getting hussled by a woman , Joe meets Enrico `` Ratso '' Rizzo -LRB- Hoffman , in not only one of his best performances but maybe one of the best ever -RRB- a small time thief/hustler who hustles Joe and then takes him under his wing and becomes his `` manager '' . Joe and Ratso over the course of the film become close friends , which brings me to some thoughts . This movie does contain a lot of homosexual overtones . Both in the friendship between Joe and Ratso ... And a lot of the time in Joe 's decision and demeanor . There are even some homosexual scenes , but homophobic people have no fear ... They 're not graphic . I would like to see a cut of this movie without those overtones to see if the movie would still have the same effect , but I doubt they will ever issue such a version . This movie is also very dark . It begins in a comedic way and then -LRB- like bad acid trip -RRB- just descends into dark territory , like the haunting scenes involving Joe 's relationship withCrazy Annie the town slut . Not everyone will like this movie , granted ... Film buffs love it and hopefully my review will grant you some inscentive to try and watch it . But whether you will like it or not , I think everyone should at least try and watch this film . A +
 They look soooo young , Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman . Watching this film for the 2nd or 3rd time , I realize not only how old they are now , but also how old I must be!Midnight Cowboy was really revolutionary for its time , but by today 's standards it 's kinda tame . Still , what a great flick . After all , it put Jon Voight on the map , and if it were n't for that signature move , where would we be today without Angelina Jolie , his daughter?In the movie , Jon Voight plays Joe Buck , a naive dude from Nowheresville , TX , who goes to NYC with aspirations of being a gigolo . He quickly finds it difficult to make a go of it and ends up in a dump with Ratzo Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , a crippled con man and thief who apparently has TB.One of my favorite blips in movies of all times if Ratzo smacking the hood of a taxi and yelling , `` I 'm walkin ' here , I 'm walkin ' here ! '' - not to mention the madman religious freak who turns his toilet into a psychedelic shrine to Jesus.Basically , though , at its heart the movie is a pathetic tale of friendship between 2 lost losers . A film classic .
 Seriously , nobody needs you to tell them Midnight Cowboy is a classic film , and even fewer nobodies care if you did n't `` get it . '' The main purpose of an Amazon review , certainly of as well-known a title as this , is to discuss the product at hand -- namely the video and audio remastering , the bonus disc and special features here -- so that other customers can make an informed decision about whether to order it or not . So please -- somebody -- review THIS DVD , not the movie !
 Until `` American Beauty , '' this was the last `` dark '' film to win the Best Picture Oscar . Somber , penetrating , and full of desperate characters , this film , despite some dated qualities -LRB- the Andy Warhol-inspired party is a glaring example -RRB- , is really an old-fashioned tale about the American Dream . Voight and Hoffman portray two losers in New York City who live on the edge of despair , hustling , stealing , and living in a condemned building with little food and no heat . Hoffman , as Ratso , dreams of going to Florida ; his fantasies -LRB- literally played out in his head -RRB- include throwing off the limitations of his illness -LRB- which has left him crippled -RRB- and becoming a much-admired sex symbol on the beaches of Miami . The sequences are heartbreaking -LRB- because we know they will never be realized -RRB- and serve as a stark reminder of how delusions keep us from descending into total madness . While the friendship is the dramatic center of the film , there are also many supporting characters -LRB- pathetic individuals , all -RRB- and pointed shots at the callousness of the American landscape to enhance the central theme . This was John Schlesinger 's last great film -LRB- he 's been reduced to tripe like `` Eye for an Eye '' in recent years -RRB- and a perfect way to round out the decade of the 1960s . While it might seem tame by today 's standards -LRB- it was rated X back in 1969 -RRB- , its essential power remains .
 IN READING THE PRECEEDING REVIEWS OF THIS MOVIE , I COULD N'T HELP BUT NOTICE THAT OTHERS FOUND THE MOVIE , IN CONJUNCTION WITH ITS SOUNDTRACK , TO BE QUITE HAUNTING . THIS IS A MOVIE THAT STAYS WITH ME FOR DAYS . I JUST WATCHED IT AGAIN THIS PAST WEEKEND , AND MY INTERNET SEARCH ON THE MOVIE BROUGHT ME HERE . I FIND IT DIFFICULT TO EXPRESS JUST WHY THIS MOVIE EFFECTS ME SO PROFOUNDLY , BUT IT DOES . IT IS DEFINITELY ONE OF MY TOP FIVE MOVIES OF ALL TIME .
 The first time I watched this movie I had to watch it in parts because I was to busy and alot of its effect was lost on me because of this . However recently , I decide to give this movie another chance by watching it right through and let me tell you how glad I was that I made this decision . You are now reading the review for my Favourite Movie ever . This movie deals with often controversial subject material and in my view shows side of the most powerful country in the world taht many Americans choose not to discuss.Both the actors give brave honest performances but Dustin Hoffman 's performance esclipes Voights in every way , Voights performance was amazing in it 's own way but I truly feel that Hoffman shines in one of the greatest performances in motion picture history . His timing is spot on and his walk and accent truly make you believe that Dustin is Ratso in real life.The editing is another stand out achievement and full credit must go to the director and screenwriter for attemping such risking subject matter and pulling it off with a brilliant motion picture that does n't glorify waht we need to know . This movie felt like nothing I 'd ever seen before and `` that '' ending left me in deep thought and had me wondering `` what if . `` I appaule the Academy Awards for looking past the X rating and awarding this Best Picture although I believe Hoffman deserved A gold statue as well.Anyway is you want my opinion , BUY THIS MOVIE NOW , It 's one of the best ever and many critics believe that as it often reachs top 50 polls everywhere . You will not be disappointed if you command your attention and do n't look for quick thrills because this one takes time to kick in .
 `` The Midnight Cowboy '' represented another daring film from Britain 's John Schlesinger , whose sociological grasp as a filmmaker enabled him to present the definitive odes to the sixties in both his native England and in the America where he spent so much time and ultimately settled . `` The Midnight Cowboy '' arrived in theaters in 1969 , as the turbulent sixties were ending , while two years later his daring `` Sunday , Bloody Sunday '' presented a hard-hitting look at his native country . The earlier film featured two dynamic young stars on the rise . Dustin Hoffman had hit it big two years earlier in `` The Graduate '' while `` Midnight Cowboy '' marked the major film starring debut of Jon Voight.Voight and Hoffman make a perfect team , their varying types of energy and styles feeding off of each other in a drama in the way that Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon played off one another brilliantly in the comedy `` The Odd Couple . '' Voight plays a small town Texan who arrives in New York City determined to become a big time gigolo . His first effort ends hilariously with Sylvia Miles , who earned an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress for one highly memorable scene , bursting into tears after he has sex with her in her Park Avenue apartment and announces his intention of collecting money . She calls herself a `` sexy looking chick '' and , in her tearful resentment over being asked to pay Voight , finally extracts $ 20 from the down at the heels Texan before he leaves.Voight meets the tubercular Hoffman in a sleazy bar . Hoffman is a real hustler , the New York kind who is street smart in contrast to the nave country boy Voight . Hoffman promises to represent Voight in his sex activities . He entices some money from Voight and in turn provides the address of John McGiver , someone Hoffman asserts can help the Texan 's career . His lone meeting with McGiver in the latter 's dingy apartment reveals a badly deranged men who is hooked on religion and shouts the name of God repeatedly while an angry neighbor hollers `` Shut up ! '' Voight makes a swift retreat.A furious Voight sees Hoffman again , demanding his money back . Hoffman pleads poverty but invites Voight to share his small apartment with him . The little food they have to share freezes over in the bitter winter cold since the apartment is devoid of heating.Daring homosexual filmmaker Schlesinger makes some points about gay sex in the sixties . In one scene Voight has sex with a frightened young man in a theater . In another such encounter he is determined to obtain enough money to purchase bus tickets for himself and Hoffman so that his ill friend can realize his ambition of moving to Florida . His determined anxiety prompts him to beat the helpless man as he escapes from his apartment after removing money from his wallet . `` The Midnight Cowboy '' copped Oscars in three major categories , Best Picture , Best Director , and Best Writer , the last award going to former blacklisted scenarist Waldo Salt , who adapted James Leo Herlihy 's novel to the screen .
 The DVD is not as impressive as it should be -- in fact , a VHS version includes a great documentary on the making of the film with interviews and screen tests , and for some reason this is left out of the DVD . However , any chance to experience this film should be taken . It is a journey of shifting moods , often very abrupt , a psychological odyssey in which one man -LRB- Voight -RRB- attempts to escape himself and his past -LRB- which apparently includes sexual abuse aimed at him , and that he aimed at others -RRB- . Joe Buck -LRB- Voight -RRB- goes to the big city for a series of adventures , some hilarious , some disturbing and dangerous , some just plain weird . Homoerotic anxiety and aggression are never far from the surface , and often burst out . When Joe meets Enrico `` Ratso '' Rizzo , he finds his perfect foil , and a teacher who can show him the code of the streets -- the person whose words and life provide the brutal honesty , but also true friendship love , Joe has always needed . The more Joe learns from Enrico , the poorer he becomes -LRB- materially , that is -RRB- , living the poverty that the film 's -LRB- and society 's -RRB- billboard and neon images , and ridiculous advertising jingles , mock . But Joe 's fortunes take a turn for the better , at least enough for the two to realize a version of their dreams ... it is a film of extraordinary performances , the chemistry between Voight and Hoffman a marvel that we seldom witness anymore . If the director Schlesinger 's images and pacing have not completely survived the transition from the late 60 's , the actors more than compensate , ensuring this film its status as an influential , one of a kind feat of storytelling and characterization , and an angry but loving sociopolitical statement .
 This film captures the themes of loneliness and poverty better than any film . John Voight -LRB- Joe Buck -RRB- and Dustin Hoffman -LRB- Ratzo -RRB- give stellar performances , bringing life to two characters that could have been spoiled if other actors had assumed their roles . Coming off the unforgettable character of college graduate Benjamin Braddock in `` The Graduate , '' Hoffman demonstrates his versatility by offering a convincing portrayal of an ill pick-pocket in this film . Many people write about how the film-making techniques appear dated in this day and age . However , films like `` Midnight Cowboy '' help to inform later generations of the vision of film-makers from previous generations . This movie violated any sort of mold or pattern that film-makers may have followed , marching to the beat of it 's own drum . The most disturbing event in this movie is the ending , sure to surprise anyone who is used to fairy tale endings evident in most American films . This film is not just a great story , but also a great criticism of the state of poverty in the richest country in the world .
 Ending with one of the most beautiful and heartbreaking endings ever filmed , Midnight Cowboy is on of the world 's most unforgettable contemporary classics.Though Dustin Hoffman 's performance is alarmingly similar -LRB- if only in terms of the voice -RRB- to his later performance in `` Rainman , '' it is one which deserved , entirely , it 's Oscar Nomination . He plays Rico `` Ratzo '' Rizo , a down and out bum on the streets of The Big Apple . A character who finds sad hope in the dream of someday shaking of the illness which cripples him and moving to Florida -LRB- a fantasy played out with alarming alacrity by John Schlesinger -RRB- . The hope is so moving that one finds it impossible not to be inspired to the point where you feel to the point of tears.But Jon Voight in his portrayal of the naive wannabe hustler , Joe Buck , takes the cake . His rugged honesty and hope are what break him in the urban jungle of New York City . Joe is the epitome of the small , personal American Revolution of the Sixties . With his hard , tough exterior broken he is almost weak . What holds him together , and pushes him to commit violent atrocities , is his love -LRB- which developes from pity -RRB- for Ratzo.One of Voight 's lines -LRB- `` I 'll tell you where you can put your dishes . And if you wo n't I 'd be happy to oblige , I truly would ! '' -RRB- backed with Harry Nilssen 's Oscar winning version of Everybody 's Talkin ' is pure magic.Take a hint and watch this beautiful film and do n't be put off by the earlier X rating because this movie captures a beauty not seen since then until the magnificent 1999 film `` American Beauty . `` And by the way , John Barry 's overwhelming score -LRB- especially `` Midnight Cowboy '' -RRB- is worth quite a listen as well .
 I can not explain for the life of me why this simple tale about simple characters lives in my mind as one of the best films of all time . Maybe it 's just the song , but something about Midnight Cowboy transforms a would-be dark and depressing story into a celebration of life . I normally try to down play reasons for liking a film that have to do with `` message '' but , in the case of Midnight Cowboy , the film is great because it shows how even the deepest loneliness can be conquered . Despite the fact that Voigt , Schlesinger and -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- Hoffman have become laughable after-thoughts to me , here they came together for one of the great extended moments in film history .
 I 've been meaning to watch this movie every since I was dating my current husband and he had a movie poster for it hanging in his apartment . OK , other than some history about some problems with the rating on this movie I had no idea what it was about . No , I have n't been under a rock for 40 years . It was just something I never questioned , talked about , read , etc. but I can now say I love this movie . Sometimes I thought it was sleezy , sometimes I closed my eyes , sometimes I thought it was a little drastic and over the top . Then out of no where it had grabbed me and made me think about friends . What would you do for your truely close friends and what do you think they would do for you . Who really truely ever has friends as close as portrayed here . And yes , with all the other emotions there were tears also . If you have n't seen this movie , I do n't think anyone could ever really tell you what it is about . I believe it is one of those movies where it is in the eye of the beholder as they say . I 'm so glad I finally watched it and it will probably be one of those I watch more than once .
 I once read a disparaging review about this now iconic movie and now after just having watched it for the twentieth or so time and having also recently watched Day of the Locust for the tenth or so time I 'm compelled to write a review . The complaint the reviewer had was that he was a NYC native and that Schlesinger 's vision of NYC was hackneyed and that Schlesinger as a director was second rate . I 'm not a New York native but I have visited the city in 68 , 70 , 72 and 2000 . When I watch the movie all the flavors of my visits come rushing back to me . The movie is like an ugly but fascinating montage from which you can not look away . I 'm here to say Schlesinger is the antithesis of a hack . In fact nobody has managed to make anything like his works , they stand-alone . Cowboy was not cast , it was peopled . All the absolutely brilliant supporting roles - McGiver , Miles , Balaban , Viva , Hughes , Vaccaro and so on - are brought to life with lightening vividness . They are all are superb performances and are overshadowed by the gargantuan realizations of the two stars.The real star though is Schlesinger . I 'm not one taken by style . For instance , I ca n't stand Terrence Malick , Sam Mendes , Tom Tykwer , Michael Cimino and the likes . Saying I ca n't stand them is too harsh for I watch their films but unlike John Schlesinger they grow tiresome . Not giving them their props would be wrong and I should say they have all done some very fine work in their time but by comparing their body and consistency to Schlesinger shows that Schlesinger should be mentioned in the same breath as Kubrick , Wyler , Stevens , Mankiewicz , Kazan and a few others.Midnight Cowboy can be uttered in the same breath with 2001 , A Tree Grows in Brooklyn , Taxi Driver , The Best Years of Our Lives , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf and a handful of others.There , got it of my chest .
 Recently in a review of Bonnie and Clyde , a film that also deals tragic-comically with lumpen life , in that case the mock heroics of bank robbery in the popular imaginations of an earlier generation , that of the Great Depression , I noted that I was familiar , too familiar with that place where the lumpenproletariat , the dregs of society , intersects and intermingles with the working poor . And also of the dreams , sometimes the plain , old ordinary get-rich-quick dreams to get out from under that inflame those who have nothing and have no way of getting more than nothing.In Midnight Cowboy we get a very solid sense of the convergence of those two sets of social interactions . Jon Voight 's Joe Buck , small town Texas twisted , second-hand dreams of making it in big time , big apple , New York as a hustler out in the neon wilderness of Times Square . And , Dustin Hoffman 's Ratzo Rizzo , home-grown boy , already on those mean streets scratching for nickels and dimes to keep body and soul together . And to get out the hell out of killer New York , as long as he does not have work to do so . Work , in real life , is the curse of this segment of society . I have known more than my fair share , and have had more than my fill of real Ratzos , including in my own extended family , complete with that bizarre logic that says black is white , as matter of course , and visa versa that drives their skimpy lives.That said , this is a buddy story , in this case a male buddy film , that was a cinematic trend back in the late 1960s and early 1970s and at that level the movie works as old Joe Buck is ready to go to the mat , in the end , to get old Ratzo out of cold-hearted New York . But here is the `` skinny '' from personal experience , it is usually too little too late . And so it proved here . This film , moreover , despite my `` high sociology '' screed above is worth seeing for the outstanding performances of these two actors early on in their careers .
 MIDNIGHT COWBOY will always be a classic due to the superb acting by Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman . Top notch performances also by Sylvia Miles , Brenda Vaccaro , Barnard Hughes and splendid direction by John Schlesinger and a legendary song ` Everybodys Talkin ' by Harry Nilsson . Academy Award winner for Best Picture , Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay . This film released in 1969 brings two ` losers ' together in the big city and their unlikely relationship culminates in one of the most impressionable final film scenes of all-time . A little dated as far as the outrageous party scenes but still a powerful , emotional film .
 The key to this movie is the acting . It delivers some of the most stunning performances ever . It has been , and remains , one my top five movies . Others have been bumped from the list as new movies come along , but this one is anchored as a great . If you have never seen it you are missing out .
 Though not my favorite movie -LRB- that nod goes to 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD -RRB- this is thee most flawless movie I have ever seen . Flawless beingthat the directing-acting-cinematography-script-music beginning , middleand end of the film all sewn into one masterpiece of celluloid hasNO FLAWS !!! Now I am very picky when watching movies and even myfavorites I can single out something...JAWS-STAR WARS-SUPERMAN -LRB- 78 -RRB- PULP FICTION -LRB- yes C. I went there -RRB- A Wonderful Life and so on I canfind a moment where I can say well the Special Effects could have beendone better here or I would have changed the character there butwith MIDNIGHT COWBOY there is nothing I would change . Not one hairof that film . True the flash backs of Joe Bucks youth can be quiteconfusing but I felt it is meant to be . Whats true and what is not?Why I feel this film is so great is because of Joe Buck . A child whoat 8yrs old was dumped by his mom on the front porch of his grandmotherwho herself could not always find the time for little Joe and wouldleave him for days just to eat frozen dinners and watch T.V. alone.In fact what we witness is Jon Voight 's character of Joe Buckis very naive and lonely . He was the only teenager who seemed toplease a girl who was having sex with multiple partners and withpleasing his grandmother with massages was in his mind good foronly intercourse . So we follow Joe Buck to the Big Apple wherehe will be a successful $ tud . Things do not go as plan and from beingripped off by a wealthy woman and a cripple Joe Buck finds himselfhomeless and penniless . He befriends Rico Rizzo -LRB- Ratso -RRB- played byDustin Hoffman who lives in a condemned building . He also has aconstant cough and chain smokes cigarettes ? I really felt forJon Voight 's character he finally finds a friend just to have thatalso taken from him at the end . This is by no means a happy filmand I went leaving this movie grateful for what I have . The directingwith the 60 's visuals flashbacks black and white sequences and fadesin and outs were the best I have ever seen put to celluloid . Thismovie is not for everyone meaning if you are not secure or comfortablewith dealings of rape homelessness and homosexuality than I suggestdo not watch this film . However if you are one who truly loves allkinds of film than please watch MIDNIGHT COWBOY for it is the bestmovie I have ever seen.NOTE
 It 's one of the films that made the late sixties and seventies the second golden age of film making . When you 're talking about human nature nothing can be outdated . The script is superb and the director and cast do it full justice . If your a film student or film buff you have , no doubt , seen this or know about it.If you 've never heard of it I suggest you move on .
 The film is structured along familiar genre lines , basically it 's a rape-revenge picture , only disguised at either end . So the back story is kept from us for a while , and thus we have no idea of the horrors Joe Buck left back home , nor what has driven him into this short-sighted , pathetic lifestyle of hoping to service women sexually on Times Square , Once the revelation happens , and we discover the shocking secret of Joe 's oast , and that of his girlfriend , played so beautifully by the one and only Jennifer Salt , we sympathize . -LRB- Apparently Salt was the daughter of MIDNIGHT COWBOY 's screenwriter , Waldo Salt , and all you can think of is , he wrote this part for his daughter ? Something weird there . -RRB- As Annie , Jennifer Salt does wonders with a small role . Most famous for her long running `` Eunice Tate '' on the popular TV sitcom SOAP , she also starred in four Brian De Palma films , most notably SISTERS in which she plays the intrepid reporter Grace Collier who tries to penetrate the Margot Kidder mystery . As Annie , she has a more naturalistic role , clearly inspired by the then-notorious Caryl Chessman , who was executed for crimes committed at Lover 's Lanes in California.Later , when Joe gets more and more perturbed about being a hustler , he has a dramatic encounter with a gay man and a heavy telephone . You can see clearly that Joe is seeking revenge for his own rape -LRB- if that 's what it was ; Schlesinger 's photography all but covers up the ghastly deed , as though it belonged in the shadows -RRB- and we all know that the cycle of abuse never ends.When you consider how affected Hoffnan and Voight both became in their acting , the freshness and lightness of their performances here is a wonder . They 're still great , but their tricks are no longer new . However in MIDNIGHT COWBOY they achieve the kind of screen greatness we think of as emanating from the actors in Renoir films .
 More than anything else , this moody , evocative , and intelligently well-scripted film is a modern coming-of-age film , one that follows a pilgrim 's progress from nave and self-absorption for country bumpkin Joe Buck , played to perfection by Jon Voight in his first major movie appearance . The opening sequences illustrate what a wild-eyed rube Joe is , off to the big city from the wide-open spaces of Texas to become rich and infamous as a stud for hire . And in a story as old as big cities , he is quickly disabused of his silly dreams and his open-armed naivet&eacute; and is rescued by a troubling and troubled street creature named Enrico '' Ratso '' Rizzo , played by Dustin Hoffman . Hoffman 's Rizzo is a stirringly accurate portrayal of the kind of urban cretins that lurk in many of the allies and coffee shops along the boulevard of broken dreams that is Manhattan.What evolves along with their burgeoning friendship and mutual dependencies is a beautifully travelogue-type journey into the heart of the urban darkness modern man has created for himself , in all its native hues of gray , brown and the depressing , dirty shades of poverty , desperation , and squalor . We also find all of the petty meanness and well-polished indifference that only an outsider like Joe would even notice . In flashbacks harkening to his beloved grandmother who rescued from the abuse of his battering alcoholic father , we discover Joe is running away from the past while hoping for a better future , yet is not clever enough to figure out quite how to make the transition into a better adulthood . Rizzo helps learn the lessons of survival on the mean street , and educates Joe well enough for them to finally make an ironic escape that provides an emotional and provocative coda in the closing sequences.This is a wonderful film , one that never deserved an `` X '' rating since the only thing pornographic about it is the way it portrays people treating other people , and in that sense it is obscene indeed . This is a film that will make you squirm a bit on the couch as the totality of its director 's vision plays out , but one you will be glad you sat to experience in its long -LRB- over two hours -RRB- length . Most of us avid film fans were shocked when neither Voight nor Hoffman won the Oscar for their performance , which went to John Wayne for `` True Grit '' in an emotional tribute to the Duke 's long and illustrious career . This is an edifying and entertaining way to spend a wonderful Saturday evening . Enjoy !
 I watched this movie in my DB apartment alone on a rainy Saturday afternoon many years ago . I was then a troubled soul because of job-related problems . I have never cried since I grew up but that day watching the movie I was nearly in tears . I would certainly rank the movie as one of the best in the last century in the league of The Godfather trilogy , The Omen part 1 , Z , The Dear Hunter , Melody Fair , The Scent of A Woman and In The Name Of The Father.If you are not doing well in life , you should watch it . If you are doing well in life , you should also watch it . It will make you more human.I want to watch it again .
 I was a corporal in the US Army when this movie was released , and a bunch of us GIs saw it at the base theater at Fort Holabird , Maryland . There were a few scenes we were n't thrilled with , but overall we enjoyed the movie . Fast forward nearly forty years , and I can only say the movie has aged like a fine wine . Yeah , `` that scene '' is still a little controversial , but the acting , photography , and sound track put this movie on my top-ten list of best movies . The `` behind the scenes '' disc is outstanding and made me appreciate even more the logistics involved in making this such a great picture .
 I wo n't bother with a description of the plot . What I find most interesting is the vast divergence between those who love and those who hate this film . And I think it comes down the general presumption by most viewers that commercial film is a medium for entertainment only . This film does not entertain . It will instead leave you feeling hopeless over the dehumanization of urban life . It will also bond you to characters who are ultimately lost in life and either the walking dead or the soon to be buried.Every secondary character exists to show that both Rizzo and Buck are not simply just naive and pathetic losers for being bad street hustlers , but are in fact upstaged in their depravity and callousness by the supposed ` marks ' they attempt to con or prostitute for . This is not so much a parable of the anti-hero 's redemption in spite of his own failings , as much as it is a statement about an urban socialite landscape that uses and disposes of our anti-heros for puerile and sadomasochistic pleasure , like slaves whipped for the pleasure of patrons in a Roman bath.Rizzo 's and Buck 's relationship is the only honest expression of human bonding throughout the film . And they are at the lowest rung of the social ladder . That - I think - is critical for why so many dislike this film . Because it turns on its head the classist notion of education and social refinement as the driving force of all humanistic gains . Instead , we see the least desirable and least refined as the most human characters in a grimy landscape of ugly buildings , littered streets , and wealthy socialites without any sense of community.Juxtaposed between this anti-social statement on modern urban life is total hopelessness for Buck as his last and only real friend dies in the final scene . We are left with a double-negative that does not turn positive
 One of Jon Voight 's first films , this was the one that kicked off his film career . This would be the film that also exploited Dustin Hoffman 's true acting talent . This would also be the first X-rated film ever to win an Oscar for Best Picture -LRB- although by today 's standards , it would barely even be rated-R -RRB- . This would also be one of the first great films that kicked off one of the best decades of American film , the 1970s . I 'd been dying to see this film for some time . It was a landmark film in so many ways and it was great in so many ways . It 's a story about a very positive , though very naive boy from Texas named Joe Buck -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- whose past haunts him and wants to escape his hometown Texas life -LRB- and his past -RRB- for a life of sex and gigolo-ism in New York City . He finds that the New York life is n't all it 's made out to be and he struggles , all the while getting hustled himself and having to subject himself to the pains and horrors of a small-town kid trying to make it in the big city . He befriends one of the guys who hustles him -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- and you see their friendship grow throughout the film as they struggle to survive together.I thought the film was incredibly well done . It was real ahead of it 's time for 1969 , complete with flashbacks , flashing images , personal horror , violent emotion . The direction was phenomenal and the acting was some of the best these actors have done in their careers . The mise-en-scene portrays a very dark NYC complete with homelessness , violence , anger , etc. . The kind of NYC you feel in many films of the 70s - Rosemary 's Baby , Saturday Night Fever , any Woody Allen film etc. I really felt every shift in emotion that I do n't get from very many films nowadays . The flashes going through the mind are n't just of his past but of his present and of both simultaneously . His inner conflict is further complicated by his sense of southern positive yet naive attitude toward life that makes the viewer feel a huge sense of sympathy towards him . His ability to forgive those who 've hustled him and to befriend complete strangers pains the viewer because you almost want him to walk away . To go back home . But as we learn later in the film , even his resilience is challenged.His sympathy towards other human beings is what seems to keep him going . His desire to make it big is only paralleled with his desire to have a companion in life . He finds it in Enrico Rizzo -LRB- Hoffman -RRB- and you see a true friendship take form.The film was overall pretty depressing but just a great feat of filmmaking that I would suggest to anyone who wants a great film to watch .
 Midnight cowboy is a bitter and satirical story about the dreams and fantasies which turn around a smart boy village -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- who thinks , he is the master of the world and so New York is another land to domain , but this will be a wrong choice as you can imagine.Our boy goes to NYC and meets an outsider -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- who will feed his dreams . But the crude reality will show those men how far and wrong they are about New York as a promised land.With surrealistic situations , the texan boy will experience slow but progressively , the dissapointment process , and his desired gigolo proyect will become in ashes ; and still yet ... Well , Dustin is amazing as the uncommitmed street man , the locations in NYC look like a hell 's preview ; the sense of anguish and claustrophobia are notorius . Hunger , loneliness and hopeless will be his true colleagues in this nightmarish journey.A well made fable about the dream and reality ; the ancient myth of Eros and Psyque ; fantasy against imagination . A methaporical slap for those who still hope that NYC will receive you with open arms without any effort.An extraordinary film who won the Academy Award and threw the gladiator actoral sand to Jon Voight.Unforgettable and even recognized soundtrack even now.Undoubtly the masterpiece of John Schlessinger and one of the most solid gems of the american cinema in any age.A milestone .
 It 's heartening to read so many glowing reviews from younger viewers who were n't around when this landmark film appeared on the scene in 1969 . For me the film was pivotal in the development of my consciousness . Growing up in a brutal region where feelings were ignored , its evocation of selfless friendship reassured me that others valued caring above material worth and status . The humanity at the core of this film has been rarely matched , and what 's great is that the film remains a hip time capsule.The recurrent criticism is that the Warholesque party sequence is dated and sloppy . I beg to differ . Layered with Elephants Memory 's astonishing `` Old Man Willow '' in an overlapping , edited form to simulate psychedelic distortions and time shifts , the party sequence pretty much visualizes the herky-jerky sudden-ness interpolated with fluid moments of slo-mo timelessness that most people experience in altered states . Yes , the costumes are of the period , but I do n't recall the object of the Party being to dress like viewers in 2000 would want them dress . I mean , hello-o-o-o-o . The invitation Ultra Violet handed Joe Buck clearly said the Party was `` Hansel and Gretel at the Gates of Hell . '' And , indeed , it became the Stygian portal Hoffman and Voight walked through as their beautiful but sorrowful lives unravelled.I ca n't add much to the praise that precedes my own regards Hoffman and Voight ; they are two of most endearing characters in screen history . Brenda Vaccarro is also great as a proto-feminist/catwoman -LRB- `` Play . . say . . gay . . Is that your problem , cowboy ? '' -RRB- . And Sylvia Miles -LRB- `` ya stupid hunk ! I 'm 29 years old ! I 'm - a gorgeous chick , ya lug ! '' -RRB- . Add to all this Waldo Salt 's transformation of Herlihy 's novel into a prismatic cinematic work , some deft editing , and the musical score and supervision by John Barry that marries pop tunes to his haunting score.It reminds me of a time one did n't have to dumb oneself down to go to the movies , or be promised that one would `` FEEL GOOD '' when leaving the HellPlex.I still blame it all on Reagan , Flashdance , and oh , ` what a feeling . ' Nothing has been the same since.Oh well .
 I think the movie is great . I have viewed it several time over the years . I was living in Big Spring , TX during the time this film was made . I worked at the Ramada Inn coffee shop where the Producer , Director , Jon Voight , and Ruth White , and members of the production crew stayed , during the filming of the part in Texas . I had never heard of Jon Voight . Little did I know at that time that he would become a great movie actor . As a waitress at the coffee shop , I served Jon Voight , but I did n't even get an autograph , let alone a picture with him . My loss !!!
 I think this movie is so good that there should be a sixth star reserved just for it and the rare movies that are in the same category as this one . This movie is apart of a couple of more movies that are really the start of what I call modern movie making . This along with EASY RIDER , THE GRADUATE , THE BOSTON STRANGLER , BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID , BONIE AND CLYDE , IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT , and 2001
 A work of cinematic art must do two things
 What a classic !! Good sound and picture , and if you want to see Jon and Dustin starting out , get this dvd !!!
 love comes in all shapes , sizes and forms . hayseed joe buck has moved from texas to new york city to strike it rich as a `` hustler '' , and in his naivete gets taken for a ride by street wise rico `` ratso '' rizzo and is conned out of some money , which he has in short supply . they meet later and two of life 's losers form an unlikely bond . what would seem tame by today 's standards was quite shocking when it was released , but it has n't lost any of it 's emotional power even after all these years . `` midnight cowboy '' is a love story about the alienated , those that feel cut off from society , for those that feel they do n't `` count '' . friendship can be found in the most unlikely of places . the flashbacks reveal a past that joe ca n't seem to escape from . memorable performances from voight and hoffman , it 's truly amazing to watch their chemistry together . tragic , heartbreaking and emotionally exhausting , one of the best movies from the later part of the twentieth century , and with a beautiful soundtrack .
 Midnight Cowboy is one of my most beloved movies ever and it could possibly be my favorite movie of all time.John Schlesinger directs with no holds barred blatant reality gusto and we experience the gritty and tortured streets of the big apple and the smorgasboard of colorful characters that fill these streets.Jon Voight in a performance never bettered in his career is Joe Buck . Joe Buck is an extremely naive adult with the brains and maturity of a 5 year old who 's been thru a few traumatic damaging experiences involving his mother , grandmother , and girlfriend.Joe is tired of the small town life and becomes hungry for the big city life of New York.His ambition is to become a prosperous street hustler as he believes that New York is a mecca for sex crazed beings just waiting for a texas cowboy to sweep them off their feet.Joe eventually realizes that it 's not that easy to hustle as he gets conned by a `` helluva gorgeous chick '' then by the scummy cripple Ratzo played superbly by Dustin Hoffman in a peak career performance.Dustin Hoffman creates here a character as memorable as Don Corleone with his signature bum leg , greasy hair , nasel voice , and his unforgettable dialogue `` Hey . . I 'm walking here '' . Ratzo then invites Joe to his condemned apartment after Joe gets locked out of his room and they slowly start to form a bond.It 's incredibly moving how they survive thru the poverty and how Ratzo dreams to move to Miami where he believes the sun and coconut can restore his decaying body.I wo n't tell you anymore but i promise you that you will be moved by this film.It 's a film of indestructable power that remains with you for the rest of your life.The perfectly chosen soundtrack provides the ideal soundscape for every scene from Nillsens `` Everbody 's Talkin '' to the final haunting harmonica dominated instrumental.Midnight Cowboy is the time capsule to 1969 and though this makes this film old it 's content can never age because this is what real life can be for some of the unfortuante ones.So take a walk on the wild side and pick up this Midnight Cowboy and prepare to have your heart shattered and your mind haunted by its timeless imagery.Oscar F.
 Joe Buck -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- is a cocky but not so bright young man from a small Texas town who thinks he 's quite a stud . He heads to New York City where he supposes every wealthy matron in town will want to pay for his company . When he fails to parlay his cowboy persona and youthful good looks into an income that he can live on , he develops a friendship with a low life con artist named Rico `` Ratso '' Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- who sets himself up as Joe 's `` manager '' . `` Midnight Cowboy '' is based on the novel of the same name by James Leo Herlihy and was adapted for the screen by Waldo Salt . John Schlesinger directed the film to such acclaim that it won Oscars for Best Picture , Best Director , and Best Screenplay in 1969 despite its `` X '' MPAA rating . The film 's rating seems to be on account of its situation in the world of bartered sex . `` Midnight Cowboy '' is not very explicit by today 's standards . Contrary to what one might expect , the narrative is really very low-key . The writing is indifferent to sex . The story is found in Joe Buck 's emotional arch over the course of the film . The storyline itself is uneventful and , to be honest , the two main characters are completely uninteresting people . The film 's performances are its best quality , and both lead actors were nominated for Academy Awards . Jon Voight does a fine job of conveying Joe 's cockiness along with his gradual discovery of his own naivet&eacute; and perhaps lack of intelligence . Dustin Hoffman is memorable as sickly , pathetic `` Ratso '' . Brenda Vaccaro is interesting in a supporting role as one of Joe 's ladies . And Warhol actress `` Viva '' appears briefly as essentially herself , in a small role as the hostess of a Factory-like party for the art-is-a-man 's - name crowd , where you can catch glimpses of some other famous Warhol groupies as well . So I 'm recommending `` Midnight Cowboy '' for its performances.The DVD
 I asked my mother to take me to this movie back in ' 69 , I was only 16 or 17 and the movie was rated X. I 've never seen a better combination of performance , story and music , in that order.Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman were both nominated for best actor that year , for Midnight Cowboy , and neither has ever had a better film . I know it by heart . It is the pride of a collection of more than 500 DVD 's .
 Winner of the Academy Award for best film in 1969 -LRB- the first X-rated film to do so -RRB- , I both disliked and admired it when I first saw it and that initial reaction really has n't changed in more than 30 years . What remains after so many years are the images evoked whenever I hear its ironic theme song , `` Everybody 's Talking . '' The street scenes , the awkward and incompetent grifting , and especially the scene on the bus to Miami . Voight as Joe Buck and Hoffman as `` Ratzo '' Rizzo really are the definitive odd couple as they pursue their illusive as well as elusive dreams amidst the squalid realities of the urban life they share . Films do not change but we do . For example , I was more amused and less sympathetic 39 years ago . Today , I am more inclined to view Rizzo and Buck as victims of natural selection , unable to overcome physical limitations -LRB- Rizzo -RRB- or mental limitations -LRB- Buck -RRB- in a society which consumes and then discards people as indifferently as it does whatever is tossed into trash cans in a dark alley , awaiting removal . Everybody is n't talking . In fact , no one notices . For so many in a city such as New York or Miami , it will always midnight . Today , it would not be X-rated which probably reveals more about our contemporary society than it does about this film . My guess -LRB- only a guess -RRB- is that this once `` sensational '' film will eventually be revered for archival rather than artistic reasons as future generations struggle to resolve the inherent contradiction of an urban cowboy .
 An academy award winner in 1969 in spite of having an X rating , this is one of those classic films that have aged well . British director John Schlessinger , in his first American film , captured the gritty sordidness of New York City , as it was in those days , with all its contrasts and inconsistencies . We see a man sprawled on the sidewalk in front of an upscale jewelry store being ignored by passersby.Jon Voight is cast as Joe Buck , a young man from Texas who comes to New York with the dream of becoming a male prostitute . Dustin Hoffman is Rico Ratzo Rizzo , a the crippled street-wise hustler who first cons the young Texan and later befriends him . Together , these two outcasts form a strange bond as they struggle to survive on the streets of New York . Joe Bucks ' story is told with flashbacks and surreal fantasy sequences , which seem unfocussed at times , but give us an understanding of who he is . Ratzo , however , does n't need this kind of cinematographic background ; his quirky character is all right there.The film is full of memorable characters - Sylvia Miles as an aging Park Avenue woman with a thick New York accent who considers herself `` one helluva gorgeous chick '' , John McGiver , the religious nutjob who Joe Buck thinks will give him connections to rich women , and Brenda Vacarro who takes Joe home with her after a psychedelic party . There 's a memorable soundtrack too -- `` The Echoes of My Mind '' . And then there 's the memorable conclusion which takes place on a bus headed for Florida.I loved this video but it 's not for everybody . It 's downbeat and sad and disturbing . But it says something about human nature and human connection . And it pictures a way of life that might not be pleasant but is a reality . Recommended .
 1969 was an excellent year for films.There was Anne of the Thousand Days , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , Hello Dolly , Easy Rider , the list goes on and on.Why is it then that this is the film that won the Academy Awards for best picture , director and screenplay of that year ? -LRB- and was also given nods for both leading actors -RRB- . Perhaps the voters over 30 years ago could forsee that this movie would stand the test of time.This is a story that tugged at our heartstrings , and made us up sit up and take notice of the world around us . Joe Buck -LRB- John Voight -RRB- , a naive , good looking , Texas `` cowboy '' , in a get up that looks as if he is Alan Ladd reincarnated , hits the `` Big Apple '' in hopes of striking it rich -LRB- literally -RRB- with the ladies there.It isnt long before his hopes are dashed , he is broke , life on the streets of New York is savage.He must do things that turn his stomach in order to survive . He finds himself in need of a friend . The friend comes in the form of one `` Ratso '' Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , a sleazy . panderer , who offers Joe a place with him in a condemned apartment building.Ratso takes Joe under his wing , and together they try to survive on one get rich quick scheme after another . These two very different men form a unique bond . Joe has disturbing thoughts of the past , and Ratso has dreams of the future . When Ratso falls ill , though . it is Joe who must care for him . Their friendship moved us then and it will move you now.The actors are phenominal in their performances . Hoffman fresh off his success in `` The Graduate '' shows us way back then how versitile he is , and Voight the newcomer proved his dramatic skills early on . The director John Schlesinger -LRB- Far From the Maddning Crowd -RRB- gives us a very realistic view of life on the streets . At the time of it 's release this film was rated X -LRB- it is R now -RRB- and although there are some expicit scenes , the main focus is on the kinship of man.The DVD -LRB- MGM -RRB- is a nice transfer . The colors ar vibrant . It is in the original widescreen format -LRB- with a standard format on the b side of the disc -RRB- It is in Dolby Digital 5.1 surround , not the best I have heard done on a film of this age , but still good enough . The soundtrack is wonderful with the great song `` Everybody 's Talkin '' . No other special features on the disc itself but it does come with a booklet on the casting and making of the film , along with some other interesting facts about it.This would be an excellent addition to any film collection.Enjoy ... Laurie
 I saw Midnight Cowboy for the first time last night , and I 'm furious with myself for waiting so long to give it a shot . I reacted to it in a very personal way , and it 's been on my mind all day . Hoffman and Voigt 's performances are pitch-perfect , Schlesinger 's direction is daring , snappy , unique , Waldo Salt 's screenplay is full of wit and compassion , and the fabulous music really sets the tone . Unlike many others I do n't feel that the movie has dated in any serious way . The much-talked-about acid-trip party sequence does look very 60s , but it is n't embarrassing or anything . Besides , the movie was made and is set in the 60s , so whaddya expect ? As a previous reviewer mentioned , the director was hardly gon na make this picture with the 21st Century audience in mind . He made it as a reflection of the time and place . -LRB- This is common in Schlesinger 's work -- he has a remarkable eye for detail . -RRB- Most importantly , modern audiences will still be able to relate to all the movie 's main themes , like lonliness , confusion , friendship , sex and disappointment . The only real problem I have with the film is that at times it seems strongly homophobic -- the few gay characters who are developed in the movie are all presented as pathetic , sadomasochistic crazies . But then , the movie takes a harsh attitude to all the characters except the two leads , so perhaps I 'm overreacting . So , anyone who considers themselves film buffs simply must watch Midnight Cowboy . Not because it 's a well-known much-quoted classic of cultural significance -LRB- which it is as well -RRB- but because it 'll genuinely make you laugh and cry , and later , think . Actually , whoever you are , watch it anyway . Yours truly is certain you wo n't be disappointed .
 Midnight Cowboy is an Oscar-winning movie that stays with you long after viewing . It has a timeless message about urban life , searching for dreams and the reality of living.The movie is very very strong and affecting . The best is to see the whole movie without the editing for television , so that one can follow the story of Joe 's life back in the country . The flashback scenes are crucial to understanding why Joe came to New York and the television versions cut these out!When first released , it was rated X ! But this refers to the party scenes including drug use and sexual content of some scene of the movie . These scenes are MILD compared to the majority of R-rated films today . `` Cowboy '' Joe Buck -LRB- Voight -RRB- tries to make a living as a male prostitute , what he feels he does best . This belief is shaken by the harshness of New York City living.Joe meets Enrico `` Ratso '' Rizzo and teams up with a poverty-stricken handicapped man to find a dream for both of them . The end of this film is amazing and I challenge anyone to stop himself from be moved at the closing scene . Coupled with the haunting musical theme , Hoffmann makes a presentation not soon to be forgotten .
 Yes , you read that right -- it 's the best ! Of all time ! Now with me being a total moviephile , that 's a big achievement for a film . Hundreds go into my cosideration , and only ten are chosen as TRULY GREAT . And Midnight Cowboy is the daddy of 'em all.here 's why :1 . -RRB- Excellent storyline . It 's tragic , poignant , sometimes funny -LRB- like the strange things you hear on Joe 's radio , or see on the picket signs of protesters , for example , one sign said , `` Liberate freedom ! '' I got a kick out of that -RRB- . Plus , who can resist a buddy drama ? The friendship that grows between Ratso and Joe is ... ineffable . They 're like Frodo and Sam , only cooler . And who can resist a late-coming-of-age story ? How about the plight of the poor , and life on the edges ? It just blows my mind.It 's SO SAD ! All of the characters are so fully-realized -LRB- Joe , giving in when the old lady asks him for money , or not taking the kid 's watch ... ! ! ! Or Ratso , trying to help Joe out , falling down those stairs , dreaming of Florida ... ! But I digress . -RRB- This movie is n't afraid of blatant symbolism . Nowadays movies seem too cool to have blatant symbolism like the radio or the sign or the ring -LRB- etc ! I could go on for hours ! -RRB- . Now if you cough and miss a line , whoosh , you miss the symbolism . And what beefs up a piece better ? It 's reassurance . And I love it .2 . -RRB- The acting . OH MY GOD !!! I cried like a GAZILLION times during this movie , mainly because there were no actors . They were real people . Real people ! And the whole thing was so real , and so poignant , and it 's not like they 're idealized characters , far from it , but they 're so easy to relate to -LRB- outsiders , losers , flailing and failing -RRB- .3 . -RRB- Beautiful music . I listen to the soundtrack all the time . It starts out with the hopeful `` Everybody 's Talkin ' '' , which is about new experiences and having high hopes for the future -LRB- like `` finally moving on to where I want to be in life ! '' -RRB- Then the soundtrack descends into depressing , lonely cowboy songs and drug-addled experimentalist music . A lot of it is quite `` period '' but that detracts none of the music 's validity . The songs are all great . But then in the end , `` Everybody 's Talkin ' '' , again , as Joe decides to straighten up his act and accept reality.In case you have n't noticed , yeah , this is one AWESOME MOVIE.Plus the direction was cool . There were the zoom-in shots , which have been retired , apparently , and there was no bland , fearful cinematography . This movie was so sincere , it was like an open door . That 's what makes it great . It leaves itself open for anyone with its sincerity , which is either the makings of a Great One or of a bomb -LRB- so easy to laugh at a bad , sincere movie ! -RRB- . In this case , Duh ! It 's a Great One !
 This movie is about two men , Joe Buck and Ratso Rizzo , searching for their version of Oz . Both men , one a naive `` cowboy '' from Texas , the other a crippled thief from New York , have their own vision of Oz which they believe will save them . Joe Buck 's Oz is achieving fame , fortune , and attention through his super good looks , which he believes will land him in dozens of penthouses with lots of rich old women . Ratso 's Oz is getting out of his condemned building and moving to Florida , where he will find tropical paradise , an eden in an America that has no place for poor cripples . It 's heart-breaking to see the big X over the `` window '' of Ratso 's condemned building , for Ratso and the abused Joe Buck have been X-ed from the American Dream , the life of opulence that surrounds them but which they can never really enter . In the end these misfits find redemption , not through the tawdry chimeras of success that America spawns , but from a deep , beautiful love they learn to share for each other . The evolution of Joe Buck from naive ersatz cowboy to substantive , empathic man is indeed tearful to watch but never sentimental .
 Most likely being one of the best films ever made , `` Midnight Cowboy '' is an incredibly original and savagely honest film that takes a look at the big dreams people hold for themselves , and the cold , brutal realities behind them . The performances given by the two lead actors , Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman are absolutely brilliant . Voight ` s character , Joe Buck , is a young and naive Texas man who flees to New York City , dreaming of becoming a big-shot huslter . Hoffman plays an ailing and sleazy con-man name Ratso Rizzo , who meets Joe along the way . Together , the two slowly witness their lives falling apart , as the brutal urban jungle robs them of food , money , diginity and ultimately hope . The film ` s depiction of the street life in the sixties is accurate , and we watch the two drifters ` s struggle for survival , and wandering around the seedy undergrounds of the city . But what Joe and Ratso realise is that what they really need is each other , and the two lean on each for support . Sadly enough , by the time they reach their dream destination , it is too late . The ending of the film is heart-shattering , and it will leave you crushed and emotionally-drained . A truly powerful , exceptional and haunting treasure .
 1969 was an excellent year for films.There was Anne of the Thousand Days , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , Hello Dolly , Easy Rider , the list goes on and on.Why is it then that this is the film that won the Academy Awards for best picture , director and screenplay of that year ? -LRB- and was also given nods for both leading actors -RRB- . Perhaps the voters over 30 years ago could forsee that this movie would stand the test of time . This is a story that tugged at our heartstrings , and made us up sit up and take notice of the world around us . Joe Buck -LRB- John Voight -RRB- , a naive , good looking , Texas `` cowboy '' , in a get up that looks as if he is Alan Ladd reincarnated , hits the `` Big Apple '' in hopes of striking it rich -LRB- literally -RRB- with the ladies there . It isnt long before his hopes are dashed , he is broke , life on the streets of New York is savage.He must do things that turn his stomach in order to survive . He finds himself in need of a friend . The friend comes in the form of one `` Ratso '' Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , a sleazy . panderer , who offers Joe a place with him in a condemned apartment building . Ratso takes Joe under his wing , and together they try to survive on one get rich quick scheme after another . These two very different men form a unique bond . Joe has disturbing thoughts of the past , and Ratso has dreams of the future . When Ratso falls ill , though . it is Joe who must care for him . Their friendship moved us then and it will move you now . The actors are phenominal in their performances . Hoffman fresh off his success in `` The Graduate '' shows us way back then how versitile he is , and Voight the newcomer proved his dramatic skills early on . The director John Schlesinger -LRB- Far From the Maddning Crowd -RRB- gives us a very realistic view of life on the streets . At the time of it 's release this film was rated X -LRB- it is R now -RRB- and although there are some expicit scenes , the main focus is on the kinship of man . The DVD -LRB- MGM -RRB- is a nice transfer . The colors ar vibrant . It is in the original widescreen format -LRB- with a standard format on the b side of the disc -RRB- It is in Dolby Digital 5.1 surround , not the best I have heard done on a film of this age , but still good enough . The soundtrack is wonderful with the great song `` Everybody 's Talkin '' . No other special features on the disc itself but it does come with a booklet on the casting and making of the film , along with some other interesting facts about it .
 Based on the novel by James Leo Herlihy , MIDNIGHT COWBOY , directed by John Schlesinger , seemed so on the cutting edge in 1969 . Both Dustin Hoffman -LRB- Ratzo Rizzo -RRB- and John Voight -LRB- Joe Buck -RRB- were nominated for an Oscar for best actor -- as I recall , conventional wisdom was that they cancelled each other out -- but the movie received the Best Picture Award and Schlesinger walked away with the Award for Best Director.I remember being blown away by the movie in ' 69 . A great admirer of Schlesinger , I watched the movie again recently for the first time since its initial release . I wanted to see if it still was as powerful as I remembered . This time around parts of it seem stuck in the 60 's -- the New York party that Ratzo and Joe attend , for example , and the pathetic homosexual -- nope , we ca n't call him gay -- who picks up Joe and feels he deserves the beating Joe gives him , after he calls his mother on the telephone . Of course , 1969 was the year that a group of despised dragqueens held police officers at bay for a couple of days in another part of New York at a bar called Stonewall . Although those of us in the provences were n't aware of it yet , the times , they were a-changing . On the other hand , the characters of both Ratzo and Joe endure . Who will ever forgot Joe 's hopelessly inept attempt at hustling Sylvia Miles or Ratzo , the real con artist , with his ever present limp . They would make any film critic 's list of most memorable characters of the last half of the Twentieth Century . The movie obviously is about finding friendship in unlikely places . Everyone , from the most wealthy to the most down and out , needs love.Finally , Ratzo and Joe 's bus ride into the warm and balmy Miami to get away from the cold New York winter moved me as much today as it did when I first saw the movie . The ending made my eyes burn again almost 35 years later . This film will endure .
 The night of the Oscars for 1969 was quite memorable -- the first and only time an X-rated film , largely due to non-explicit scenes involving homosexuality , won best picture . Also notable was that neither Dustin Hoffman nor Jon Voight won for best actor . It went to John Wayne for `` True Grit . '' He was not in good health and had never won an Oscar and this was obviously his last chance for getting the award . Still ... In addition to the superb performances of the two leads , there is a marvelous supporting cast
 When it comes to the weight of the story it tells in its brief 113 minutes , Midnight Cowboy is a film that would hold its own against any novel ever published . The timeless classic from 1969 is the tale of a good-looking dreamer named Joe Buck , a downtrodden man who quits his job as a fry cook in rural Texas and makes his way via bus to Manhattan in order to become a street hustler . Holding onto the notion that in New York live rich women who will `` pay to get it '' the innocent Buck 's idealistic vision soon runs face-first into ugly reality . Introduced by fate , karma , or blind chance to the unforgettable Ratzo Rizzo , a gritty cripple whose bottom-feeder status has made him into the ultimate pragmatist , Buck is first conned by Rizzo , later offered lodging with him , and eventually the pair become friends who endure a glamour-deficient life together , surviving day by day squatting in a condemned building.The ultra-realism of this movie is stunning to witness , and if it at times transports us to an outmoded New York of forty years past , then this is countered by the fact that its goings-on will never fail to have relevance for people from any generation . In Midnight Cowboy the streets of a big city have never quite seemed colder or less welcoming , and much of the subsequent fondness viewers ca n't help but feel for Buck and Rizzo is rooted in the fact that in them alone during the entire run-time of the movie do we see any human warmth and real caring pass from one person to another.The film , though , is simply marvelous . In the performances and script a near impossibility is achieved as one is coaxed to glance past all that might be present to repel and instead find sympathy for these two pathetic outsiders caught up in dreary circumstances . Even a hipster party in a bohemian quarter of the city seems repulsive in this bleak urban vision , brimming as it is with self-consumed human monsters who surely think themselves `` beautiful people '' even as their inner ugliness is blatantly apparent . The party presents an unlikely segue and serves as a doorway to Joe Buck , giving him a chance to have a potential realization of barely-recalled dreams . Yet , true to the tone of real life and this celebration of the lightless side of it , dawning tragedy compels Buck to make a choice , stay and seize a shot at success as a gigolo , or be lured off by his loyalties and a sense of doing that which is best for a friend.A great motion picture , no doubt , but one that takes a deep emotional toll on anyone who watches it .
 A masterpiece of a movie that I am just now appreciating , really for the first time . I remember my parents seeing this movie way back in 1969 , and not really understanding any of it . It is a unique movie in so many ways , and it is easy to see why my parents were so confused.Midnight Cowboy was also had it 's own Mort Drucker movie spoof in an issue of Mad Magazine , so I familarized myself with the general story many years ago as a kid.Later , I watched it on the late movie and it made very little sense because it was heavily edited.Without re-describing the narrative thrust of it , this movie is an initiation into big city hustling , street prostitution , drug use , and just surviving on the streets of New York . Made years before the word `` homeless '' was an active part the American vocabulary , this movie is somewhat prolific in tone , and although it is set in the late sixties , it could be any following decade . If any kid thanks that hustling and panhandling in the streets of New York could be `` romantic '' or just wants to be in New York and living on the streets just to be there and away from home , needs to see this movie.What makes this movie a masterpiece is the top quality acting , the use of flashbacks to maximum effect , and just the subtle way of showing us how any regular `` Joe Buck '' can be turned into a monster by their past , their present cicumstances , and their lack of hope . And yet , there is something wonderful in finding friendship even in the worst places.Winner of the Academy Award for best picture of 1969 , it certainly is a worthy mainstream film that also be considered as one of the best `` art '' films of all time as well.I have not watched disc 2 yet , but still give this one 5 stars ! The postcards included are the best movie PR postcards , ever!Harry Nilsson , Rest in Peace !
 Even though this movie is old , it 's still could have been relevent today . A young John Voigt plays a Hustler from Texas who 's just too nice . Dustin Hoffman plays Ricco , a petty thief from the streets of New York . Both from many miles apart , but with the same disease , lonelyness . With many classic 60 's scenes , and plenty of character development , this film has it all . Rent it , buy it , but make sure you have seen it . A classic .
 Jon Voight as `` Joe Buck '' abandons his gravy stained apron and low brow existence as a dishwasher in a Big Springs , Texas , greasyspoon , and lights out for the glitz and glamour of Broadway , as a `` pay for play '' buckskin jacketed gigolo , aboard a northeastern bound bus . . Joe 's Mama has already assured him , his ruddy good looks will sell like hotcakes in Manhattan , that there are love-starved `` dutchesses '' steeped in cash money that will enthusiastically pay for his company , a stud fee , if you will ! . . Joe being the rube that he is , launches for his newly minted career in New York oozing with over-confidence , assumes that in short order he will be gainfully employed up and down Park Avenue , known on a recurring first name basis to the Napoleonic attired doormen manning the co-ops , and the money will cascade in like an Atlantic City tsunami . . Naturally , Joe has never been to New York City , ever . . Talk about baptisms by fire ! . . Joe discovers to his unprepared dismay , how brutal New York City is , both climatically and socially , and his walking around money dwindles to a parson 's pittance , especially when he encounters `` Ratzo Rizzo '' , Dustin Hoffman , who convinces Joe his scheme is not succeeding because he lacks big-league management , a service Ratzo will rectify for a fee ! . . Can you do the hustle ? . . Preview `` Midnight Cowboy '' , and you will be re-reminded how two heavyweight actors , Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman , squared-off in a method acting mano a mano and achieved complimentary career peak performances . . To this day , `` Midnight Cowboy '' , is the only X-rated film ever , to win an Academy Award for best picture !
 Midnight Cowboy is the story of two losers - dreamers whose lives have not lived up to the expectations they 've created in their own minds . Joe Buck -LRB- Voigt -RRB- is a Texas dishwasher who emigrates from Big Spring to New York City with a vision of becoming a wealthy gigolo . His naive plans soon take a beating from reality as he comes to understand that the asphalt jungle is a far different place than the Texas plains . Looking to get a foothold in the male-escort business , he is swindled by Enrico Salvatore `` Ratso '' Rizzo -LRB- Hoffman -RRB- , a sickly cripple who takes $ 20 and disappears after leaving him at an apartment where he has a bizarre religious confrontation with the tenant . As his fortunes decline and he 's left with literally nothing more than the clothes on his back and a transistor radio , he meets Rizzo again , who invites him to share an apartment in a soon-to-be-condemned building.From this point on , Buck and Rizzo work in futility to better their situation , eventually giving up on the Big Apple and making plans to follow Rizzo 's dream and move to Florida . We 're shown their flashbacks of painful personal history and brief dream sequences of the way they want to be . Eventually , however , the inevitable catches up . The closing scene is one of the most powerful and moving shots in cinema.This movie is very dated - focusing heavily on the drug scene of the late 60 's , but the themes remain true . Hope and despair . Dreams and responsibilities . And the performances from Voigt , Hoffman , and the supporting cast are incredible . Disturbing and hurtful in many places but strangely uplifting , Midnight Cowboy will stay with you .
 I wo n't go over all of the wonderful things said about this great American film . However one thing that impresses me is how little it dates considering the era in which it was made . The party sequence could be 1960s but if you look at many of the current art magazines , particularly something like `` Flash Art , '' the party can easily mirror that world and thus can have a contemporary feel to it . At the very least , there 's an Andy Warhol-like feeling to the party sequence rescuing it from a strictly counter-culture sixties sensibility . Warhol is timeless and transcends his own era.Midnight Cowboy is also about loyalty an idea which freaquently gets lost in the emotional pyrotechnics of Joe Buck 's and Rico 's relationship with each other and the city itself.John McGiver 's character O'Daniel is another example of what a first rate actor can do with a small part.I 've seen this film at least 8 times , and , like a great piece of music , it never grows stale .
 This movie made me a purist when it comes to watching films . `` R '' rated films should never be watched on regular TV . Edits ruin the flow & plot and even make a great film `` like this one '' , bad . I watched this movie unedited 10 years ago for the first time and I was impressed . Though many of the images look dated -LRB- i.e. the Andy Warhol party . -RRB- , it 's the performances of Voight and Hoffman that won my admiration . John Slessinger 's finest film !! Trivia -- Midnight Cowboy was the first and only `` X '' rated movie to win the Academy Award for Best Picture . It would be re-released with an `` R '' rating .
 All day I reflected on this movie it totally blew my mind . Thoughout the film I keep wondering what was going to happen next . The unfolding of joe buck character was perfect by using flash backs . Dustin Hoffman is extremely talented . Out of all his movies this has been my favorite . I ca n't believe that I have n't watched this movie before . I watch a lot of older and newer movies just because I have a love of film but nothing Hollywood is producing today is in the same ball park as midnight cowboy . My biggest question is what is going on in the minds of the great actors and directors .
 This is one of the most effective , touching movies I have ever seen and I listen to the soundtrack several times a week , sometimes more , and it always puts me in that mood . Its an indescribable mood that you can only understand if you 've seen the movie . There are no words to describe this film , you have to see it for yourself . See it more than once , too , because it gets better with time .
 A completely heartfelt piece of work , amazing performances . The movie is basically about accepting other people , as well as yourself , the way you really are .
 The Amazon review for this movie is right on the dot . I do think that this movie is still more daring than 90 % of the films you 'll see today . Jon Voigt is fantastic as a naive small-town hustler who traps himself in a big city . A big reason to see this movie is for the shots of bohemian 42nd street before Guiliani 's henchmen moved in and `` disneyfied '' it ...
 I LOVE that an 11 year old kid is on here writing a review of `` Midnight Cowboy , '' and also recommending `` Easy Rider '' and `` Raging Bull . '' How cool is that ? You go , man . And you 're absolutely right
 If you have any intelligence , any emotion , anything beyond a desire to watch explosions and Vin Diesel , you will like this movie . While not often put in the same category as The Godfather or Casablanca , this movie is better than the others because it is NOT some huge epic family drama or war romance , but the story of two urban losers struggling to find a connection with something that makes life liveable . This was one of the first movies to combine American and European styles in one film and by doing became a more important film technically than given credit for . Who cares if it loses some shock value it once had ? Every movie does eventually . That it still is absorbing proves its worth . Truly Great .
 ... my favorite movie ever made . And I 've always felt that things were going to improve for Joe in Florida -LRB- Ratso 's character had served his purpose -RRB- - I get that from his reaction to the girl who smiles and is kind to him at that last bus stop ... he is a different person , now .
 i just recently watched this movie on dvd and it was absolutly superb.john voight and dustin hoffman show us the reality of life in new york if you have no money.new york can be a rotten apple
 Great movie about a cowboy who comes to NYC and becomes Friends With a homeless man . I cant tell you much without spoiling it . The movie shows lifes harder side and has great performances by dustin hoffman and jon voight .
 Jon Voight 's `` Joe Buck '' and Dustin Hoffman 's `` Ratso Rizzo '' are two of film 's most memorable characters and their performances in `` Midnight Cowboy '' are as good as it gets . Voight and Hoffman both deserved an `` Oscar '' for their work in this film and as a result `` Midnight Cowboy '' is an unforgetable movie experience . Do n't miss this one !
 Midnight Cowboy is pretty much the crowning achveiment in Dustin Hoffman 's and Jon Voight 's carrer . It seens alot less X-Rated like it was in the 60s , it seens more like R. Midnight Cowboy tells the story of a male prostitute who befriends a conman played by Dustin Hoffman . They become friends tell the end and the end is very depressing . It is disturbing and odd , but is one of those movies that you badily want to know the ending . It could probally never be remade because of how great it is . The DVD is pretty bad though . All you get is a trailer and a remastered version of Midnight Cowboy . This one needs a special edition . I recommend this to everyone and this as aged with greatness.Final Score
 Even if John Voight is not your favorite actor , you can not stand the song `` Everybody 's Talkin ' at Me '' , and you find sixties films horribly dated , see this film . It is a heartbreaking story of the disillusionment two people face in New York . If you can not think of any other reason to watch this film : Dustin Hoffman . He manages to convey the human and symathetic qulities that very few actors could get across on screen . THere is a scene where John Voight is combing Dustin Hoffman 's hair and HOffman must hold onto him for support . It is a heartbreaking moment that symbolizes the need both characters possess for each other . See this film-it is an important cinematic achievement .
 An old movie with a timeless theme of greed and self-destruction coupled with the redemptive power of selfless friendship.Powerful performances by the lead characters .
 This is a really old movie , but the transition to blu-ray was done well . I enjoyed it so much . Dustin Hoffman is really a wonderful actor . Jon Voight showed what he was capable of in this movie , too .
 This has been one of my classic favorite movies for years . This movie is gritty , real , sad , funny , and deep . This shows what happens when two people from very different backgrounds get together and are forced to survive . Touching .
 Had never seen this . Now I know why Jon Voight is considered a star . Must have been very very racy when it was released because it 's still kinda racy now .
 I just had to have this movie in my collection ! It is a classic , for sure ! The acting is superb and I love the music ! It 's a very moving story !
 I love Dustin Hoffman performace , not only is a very good looking actor he is an exelent actor ; This movie is fan to watch ; I will watch this movie again and again , in fact ; i have it tree times already .
 The movie is a classic ! A interesting and contriversal take from 1969 . I love that it was edgy for its time , the main appeal of the movie .
 Just a great story about two mismatched guys living semi-homeless in New York and their odd , sometimes fun , sometimes sad , adventures . Stop reading reviews on it and just go watch it , what 's wrong with you ?
 This first X-rated film to get the Best Picture nod begins at the base of the pyramid , and climbs topward . Psychologist Herbert Maslow constructed an `` Hierarchy of Needs '' in the mid 20th c . At the base of Maslow 's symbolic pyramid were things such as oxygen , food , shelter , love ... etc. . Things all men need to survive ... Joe Buck hated the desert . In Texas , he was just another dishwasher ; but in his mind , `` I 'm a stud ! '' . Joe had been sexually abused by his grandmother when he was ten . She called him `` stud '' . Joe Buck hated the desert ... The scratchy 102.7 ; `` Hi . Larry ? I moved to New York after my divorce hoping to find a real man . A man with strong legs , and a hard back . Larry ? Why is New York all faggots ? '' 102.7 was Joe Buck 's favorite station . He sure felt sorry for those New York divorcees and pledged to himself that he would help these older women . Help them with his strong legs , and his hard back . Joe Buck packed his stuff and got on the Greyhound . On the way , he listened to the scratchy 102.7 ... `` I 'm a God-damned stud I am . A God-damned stud ! And a hustler too ! '' . . The children of New York stole more from him than his money . One little boy stole something from Joe that Joe could never get back . Even his ever-worshipping `` starving '' old ladies took his body and soul ; even his money . Then they hung him out to dry . In desperate need of shelter , Joe turns to petty thief Ratso Rizzo for help . Ratso Rizzo was a member of the New York Symphony of poverty and hopelessness . Ratso was good at both . Joe needed him . Joe was more than broke . The children of New York stole more from him than his money ... Professor Maslow had postulated that man will do anything to survive . Oxygen , food , shelter , love ... these are the basics . Joe was still at the food and shelter level ... Together , Joe and Ratso tested pity , learned of want and greed , taught each other the fine art of failure , and formed a most unlikely friendship . Day and night rarely live together in the same abandoned slum . But for oxygen , food , shelter ... . Both wanted more . Pride . Recognition . Plea . Overwhelmed by the banquet of nothingness they bought to the table , finally they learn of each others true dreams . Thier bus tickets bore the time-honored stamp of Mickey Mouse . They were going to Florida to catch that dream before it vanished ... Psychologist Herbert Maslow considered love to be a basic need , yet he also believed love was a necessary component of the self , the actualization of all a man can be . Without love , Maslow felt , man would never be motivated to learn what fueled thier motives . Thus , they would evaporate in denial and self-loathe ; without ever testing the truth ... Very near thier destination , the truth explodes like a hidden mine . Constellations re-write . Nothing smells the same . Things get different ... `` Everybody 's talkin ' at me , I do n't hear a word they 're sayin ' , just the echos ... ''
 The Bottom Line : Marred only by the fact that the numerous flashback sequences are more confusing than anything else , Midnight Cowboy is an excellent and poignant urban drama whose datedness has not diminished its power .
 I agree with everyone on this page that said this movie was a masterpiece but it had such a horrible ending that in my opinion i would give it 41/2 . Great movie though .
 leave Texas small town , go to NYC , finally end up in Miami ! Great movie of a NY hustler from texas , as he struggles in NYC with his ill friend , on the mean streets .
 **** SPOILER ALERTS **** I did n't at all think of it this way , but my friend said the first thing he thought when he heard the title `` Midnight Cowboy '' was a gay porno . At that point , all I had known of it was the reference made to it in that `` Seinfeld '' episode with Jerry trying to get Kramer to Florida on that bus and Kramer 's all sick and with a nosebleed.The movie was great , and surprisingly upbeat and not all pissy pretentious pessimistic like some movies I ca n't even remember because they 're all crap.The plot basically consisted of a naive young cowboy Joe Buck going to New York trying to be a hustler -LRB- a male prostitute , basically -RRB- , thinking it 'll be easy pickings , only to hit the brick wall hard when a woman ends up hustling HIM , charging him for their sexual encounter.Then he meets Enrico Salvatore Rizzo , called `` Ratso '' by everyone and the cute gay guys who make fun of him all the time . You think of him as a scoundrel , but a lovable one -LRB- like Han Solo or Lando Calrissian -RRB- and surprisingly he and Joe become friends , and the movie is so sweet and heartwarming watching them being friendlier and such and such . Rizzo reveals himself to actually be a sad , pitiable man who 's very sick , and very depressed and self-conscious , hates being called `` Ratso '' and wants to go to Florida , where he thinks life will be much better and all his problems resolved , and he 'll learn to be a cook and be famous there.It 's heartwarming watching Joe do all that he does to get them both down to Florida , along with many hilarious moments -LRB- like Ratso trying to steal food at that hippie party , and getting caught by the woman who says `` Gee , well , you know , it 's free . You do n't have to steal it . '' and he says `` Well if it 's free then I ai n't stealin ' it '' , and that classic moment completely unscripted and unscheduled where Hoffman almost gets hit by that Taxi , and screams `` Hey , I 'm walkin ' here ! I 'm walkin ' here ! '' -RRB- , and the acting is so believable , you 'd never believe Joe Buck would grow up to be the distinguished and respected actor Jon Voight , and Ratso Rizzo would grow up to be the legendary and beloved Dustin Hoffman . It 's not the first time they 've worked together in lead roles , but the chemistry is so thick and intense.Then there 's the sad part that I believe is quite an overstatement to call it `` depressing '' . Ratso Rizzo is falling apart all throughout the movie , can barely walk , barely eat , coughs a lot , is sick , and reaches a head-point on the bus on its way to Florida . He 's hurting badly , and only miles away from Miami , he finally dies on the bus . The bus driver reassures everyone that nothing 's wrong , and continues on . Sad , but not in the kind of way that 'd make you go home and cry and mope around miserably as though you 've just lost your dog of 13 years.All in all , great movie . And the soundtrack pretty much consists just of `` Everybody 's Talking ' '' played all throughout the movie at appropriate times . An odd move , but a great one , as the song is good and fits in with the tone of the movie perfectly . Go see it , it 's great , go buy it
 This is such a good movie . I bought it because it 's a classic , and holds up today like a new release . Watching Jon Voight 's performance , I realized -LSB- at least to me -RSB- his young looks are so similar to Brad Pitt 's . What do you think?Of course Dustin Hoffman is pure gold here , helping me forget his most recent Focker 's series . This is a must for DVD collectors .
 I 've been particularly impressed with how fast I received this item . I looked at the cost of mailing it and noticed that it was more than what I was charged for , whereas typically someone would make some small amount in S&H . These guys lost money to mail it to me faster ! Now that 's service ! Thank you .
 A heartbreaking glimpse of two men with unredeemable fantasies , who are desperately trying to survive in a soul devouring New York City where only the strongest and hippest survive . . who form a pathetic bond while their fantasies come crashing down relentlessly with the cruel reality of their hopeless plight.Unforgetable pathos in the awesome depth of the truth that Voight and Hoffman invest in their brave portrayals . The film brilliantly captures a New York City pre-Disney . I liked it better in a lot of ways before .
 Extremely bleak film , that eventaully leaves a lasting impression about friendship and compassion . Essentially two street people in New York City , one a male prostitute and the other a disabled cripple , who have seemingly nothing to offer the world and a world that certainly does n't want them , develop a close friedship . It 's pretty clear that all the two characters really have that 's any good is their friendship , and by the end of the film , it 's unlikely that you 'll ever view the misfits of society quite the same way . The sequences in which they spend a New York winter in a condemned and empty apartment building are unforgettable , as is the bus ride to Florida . Highly recommended for viewers interested in sorting out some of the meaning in life .
 To say that I have never seen ` Midnight Cowboy ' until this past weekend is rather embarrassing since , well , it is highly considered to be one of the greatest films of all time . Alas , it has taken me some time to track it down and delegate time to soak it in , and now that I have done that I have to say that I am simply awe-struck . This film is marvelous.First of all , I want to make a quick note to the fool who lambasted this for having a ` sad ending ' . I understand that people like to watch films for entertainment value , but to downgrade this film 's overall impact because you do n't like the downer ending is rather ignorant . Yes , the ` gay for pay ' scene -LRB- as you put it -RRB- was groundbreaking and even watching it all these years later it holds a very distinct impact . And , so you are ` corrected ' , even Joe makes it clear that he is `` not a real cowboy '' . He went to New York for the strict reason to capitalize on his good looks and get ` paid for a lay ' , and his confused sexual past would make it rather understandable that he was ` looser ' with his ` tricks ' . Anyways.The film centers around two ` losers ' , Joe and Rizzo who bond over their shared loneliness . Joe moves from Texas to New York , planning on becoming a hustler to make a living . Upon a chance meeting with Rizzo -LRB- that does n't go so well -RRB- , the two wind up wallowing in their solitude together , working hard to exploit each other to make a living . While the majority of the films center seems to go no where -LRB- climactically -RRB- , it serves to build a tragic portrait of two wasted lives . In many ways , the film reminds me of John Huston 's tragically underrated ` Fat City ' . In fact , the endings are similarly tragic , especially when you consider the emotional weight it carries for the characters . Throughout the film Rizzo is dying to reach Florida , a place he considers a safe-haven . It is only appropriate that Florida bring with it insurmountable pain -LRB- or would that be a welcomed release ? -RRB- . The performances by the two stars is nearly otherworldly , especially Dustin Hoffman , who chews up every scene . Many may label his performance ` gimmick ' , but there is so much earnest heart and drive in his every tick that he bleeds forth a reality that surpassing mere clich&eacute; . Voight is a perfect compliment here , serving up a more subdued and ` observational ' character.I do want to note that Sylvia Miles cameo performance as Cass shockingly received an Oscar nomination . If ANYONE from this film deserved a nomination for illuminated her few scenes , it would have been Brenda Vaccaro!Many have noted the homosexual connotations and insinuations surrounding this film and its treatment of the two main characters . While this is surely no ` Brokeback Mountain ' in that area -LRB- nor is it as ` good ' a film , if we 're being honest -RRB- it definitely earns the speculation on the subject , especially when you consider how wildly defensive both characters are about their sexuality . While I would never jump the gun and label either of them ` gay ' , I must say that the film likes to tote the line so-to-speak with its own understanding of the characters ` preferences ' . In the end , there is a love between these two men that transcends the boundaries of sexuality , and for that I am truly grateful.Few films can capture the desperation that simmers under the skin of the lonesome , and ` Midnight Cowboy ' -LRB- while subjectively dated -RRB- refuses to date itself . This is one for the ages .
 Jon Voight made a name for himself in Hollywood in `` Midnight Cowboy '' where he stars as a naive Texan who comes to New York City with dreams of making it big being a high-class male prostitute servicing wealthy older women . He eventually encounters a con man , played brilliantly by Dustin Hoffman , who encourages him to join him in his hustling profession by ripping people off . The chemistry between Voight and Hoffman is impeccable and `` Midnight Cowboy '' has gone on to be a cinematic classic . Although made in 1969 the film has aged remarkably well as the subtext of the film is still predominant today as people strive to better themselves anyway they know how in order to survive . The movie won three Academy Awards including Best Picture , Best Director for John Schlesinger , and Best Screenplay . `` Midnight Cowboy '' is the only film in the history of the Oscars to win Best Picture with an X Rating as the film shows many explicit sex scenes that were even more shocking in the late ' 60 's . Both Voight and Hoffman were nominated for Best Actor . This beautiful 2 disc set features the film in breathtaking widescreen format cleaned from its original print . As a bonus there is an informative audio commentary by Jerome Hellman and a great featurette called `` After Midnight
 Midnight Cowboy is a good film but not perfect . When this film was released , it was rated X but if this movie was made today it would n't shock people like it did then . The best thing about Midnight Cowboy is the acting , Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman are electric . Complicated and gritty film but one to see , enjoy !
 Two years after `` The Graduate , '' Hoffmann transformed himself into an ailing derelict in director Schlesinger 's dark , intense `` Midnight Cowboy . '' A story of friendship born of desperation in Manhattan 's grimy underbelly , `` Cowboy '' was at the vanguard of a new kind of Hollywood movie in the late '60s -- gritty , complex , and unidealized . Despite an initial `` X '' rating , the film won Oscars for best picture , director , and screenplay , and both Hoffman and newcomer Voight were nominated for their gutsy , raw performances . Hoffman 's Rizzo is particularly astounding .
 I saw Midnight Cowboy , in 1969 , and was greatly moved . It 's a sad but very worthy film , which left me feeling somewhat wiser . I would particularly recommend it to those who came of age in the late sixties . The party scene might look like farce to someone who did n't experience that period . One of my favorite things about this movie is the Toots Thielmans harmonica in the Midnight Cowboy instrumental theme . It 's beautiful . I also like `` Old Man Willow '' by Elephant 's Memory .
 A movie about relationships during trying times in a trying city has become a cliche since the dawning of cinema . However , Midnight Cowboy essentially popularized this theme impeccably and immaculately . Winner of best picture in 1969 , this was the first film of its subject matter which , originally rated X , reached the hearts and minds of millions . To date , the picture has yet failed to leave an emotional impact on its audiences . I recommend this to anybody who enjoys following the impulsive reality of the inexperienced individual who endeavours into unknown lands . The unpredictability of the film will leave you with a gulp in your throat as well as with a new appreciation for legendary acting . Enjoy .
 MIDNIGHT COWBOY takes a brutal look at dreams unfounded and rubs the reality of that dream into the face of the dreamer until he cries out in pain . Each of the two leads , Joe Buck -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- and Ratso Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- both dream of what for them is as likely to happen as hitting all the numbers of the Big Game.Both are from polar opposites of the social spectrum but each feels sure that with The Big Con their evanescent dreams can morph into palpable reality . Joe Buck is your basic good looking but not too bright stud who knows that if he is to cash in it will have to be with the only coin that he possesses in abundance , his sexual stamina . Ratzo Rizzo is your sleazbag con man who knows that if he is to cash in it will be with his own coin of grab the money and run . Their paths intersect in a nightmare street of New York whose falsely bright coldness would not be seen again until Travis Bickle was to drive a cab in it in TAXI DRIVER . Joe is more comical than successful as a stud . The ladies of New York see him for what he is and unmercifully take advantage . Yet , Ratzo sees something in Joe that he tries to tell himself is no more than a shortcut to his dream
 I thought that this film was unbelievable . It was so realistic , it frightened me . Although it was filmed in 1969 , it is still one of the most shocking and realistic films of all time . Jon Voight is absolutely unbelievable as the naive Joe Buck whom everyone tramples on because they take his kindness for a weakness . Dustin Hoffman is equally as impressive with his role of Rizzo , a sleazy cripple who , oddly enough forms a friendship with the hustler Joe Buck . This film is one easily one of the ten greatest films of all-time .
 Given all the praise the film itself has earned from Amazon reviewers , it is pointless to do anything except punctuate that praise.A couple of reviewers were upset that `` no one '' has discussed the second disc 's features.To me , the second disc extras -LRB- and the first one also has one major commentary -RRB- makes the DVD invaluable . Its astute commentary by producers , directors , and the actors themselves not only offers insight into the history of the times and the decisions that created the film but also offers a profound insight into the nature of the characters leading in turn to their behaviors.Just having the movie itself pleases me , of course , but not having the extra disc , produced in 2004 , would sadden me because it was a time when the main actors and others affiliated with the movie were still alive and filled with vivid memories of the making of the film.ENJOY!Penny from Plano
 Other reviewers have already covered many of the things that make this film great . I would like to address the issue of datedness . I have to disagree with the Amazon review in that I find `` Midnight Cowboy '' anything but dated . Although made during the counter culture era , it really shows none of that . The party sequence is more Andy Warhol , and today 's art scene mirrors much of that look . Just observe magazines like `` Graphis , '' `` Aperture , '' `` Flash Art , '' and you will see that it occupies a perennial universe of its own regardless of the larger cultural changes in traditional society . Some hair styles and clothes designs may be dated in the movie but not so that it overwhelms the film . The ridiculous array of television fare observed by Joe Buck , in his hotel room , is not so different from today 's pablum ... whole shows devoted to Paris Hilton or the silly reality shows ; eating worms , etc. . The film 's visual style shares significant components of contemporary films or tv shows like NYPD Blue and others with the quick cuts . `` Midnight Cowboy '' is an absolute masterpiece managing to lace the darkness and alienation of its world with wonderful humor ; a balancing act difficult to do without compromising the film 's integrity .
 It 's not quite the timeless masterpiece you would hope it would be based on the acclaim it garnered , but 1969 's `` Midnight Cowboy '' is still a powerhouse showcase for two young actors just bursting into view at the time . Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt , the movie seems to be a product of its time , the late 1960 's when American films were especially expressionistic , but it still casts a spell because the story comes down to themes of loneliness and bonding that resonate no matter what period . The film 's cinematic influence can still be felt in the unspoken emotionalism found in Ang Lee 's `` Brokeback Mountain '' . The meandering plot follows Joe Buck , a naive , young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud-for-hire for rich women . Full of energy but lacking any savvy , he fails miserably but is unwilling to concede defeat despite his dwindling finances . He meets a cynical , sickly petty thief named `` Ratso '' Rizzo , who first sees Joe as an easy pawn . The two become dependent on one another , and Rizzo begins to manage Joe . Things come to a head at a psychedelic , drug-infested party where Joe finally lands a paying client . Meanwhile , Rizzo becomes sicker , and the two set off for Florida to seek a better life . This is not a story that will appeal to everyone , in fact , some may still find it repellant that a hustler and a thief are turned into sympathetic figures , yet their predicaments feel achingly authentic.In his first major role , Jon Voight is ideally cast as he brings out Joe 's paper-thin bravado and deepening sexual insecurities . As Rizzo , Dustin Hoffman successfully upends his clean , post-college image from `` The Graduate '' and immerses himself in the personal degradation and glimmering hope that act as an oddly compatible counterpoint to Joe . The honesty of their portrayals is complemented by Schlesinger 's film treatment which vividly captures the squalor of the Times Square district at the time . The director also effectively inserts montages of flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill in the character 's fragile psyches . Credit also needs to go to Salt for not letting the pervasive cynicism overwhelm the pathos of the story . The other performances are merely incidental to the journeys of the main characters , including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe meets at the party , Sylvia Miles as a blowsy matron , John McGiver as a religious zealot and Barnard Hughes as a lonely out-of-towner . The two-disc 2006 DVD package contains a pristine print transfer of the 1994 restoration and informative commentary from producer Jerome Hellman since unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt are still living . There are three terrific featurettes on the second disc - a look-back documentary , `` After Midnight
 1969 's Midnight Cowboy helped usher in a new era in filmmaking . The industry was no longer saddled with the studio 's moral standard codes that did not allow nudity , cursing or violence and directors set out to depict life in graphic detail . British director John Schlesinger 's first American film adapted the novel of James Leo Herlihy and follows the paths of two lowlifes living in New York City . Jon Voight appears in his star-making role of Joe Buck , a dreamer who comes to New York from Texas to live what he thinks will be the easy life as a gigolo . He quickly finds out hustling is n't as easy as he 'd thought it would be when he actually ends up paying for the first trick he turns . He then runs into Enrico `` Ratso '' Rizzo , a sickly , gimpy con man who swindles money out of Joe . Ratso is played by Dustin Hoffman who fulfilled the promise he showed in The Graduate with a gritty , gutsy performance . Ratso takes pity on Joe afterwards and invites him to stay in his apartment , which is actually in a condemned building . They try to eke out a living and Joe actually gets his first legitimate customer who takes him to a weird , psychedelic party . This scene is dated with its counterculture imagery , but it does n't detract from the power of the film . Ratso 's illness is too far gone for him to survive the New York winter , so Joe in one act of selflessness turns a homosexual trick to get money for them to take a bus to Florida . The film is filled with what was at the time shocking sexual commentary and scenes that today are commonplace in films and even appear on television . The film received an X rating and became the only X-rated film to win the Best Picture Oscar . Mr. Schlesinger won for Best Director and Waldo Salt won for Best Adapted Screenplay . Mr. Voight & Mr. Hoffman were both nominated for Best Actor , but probably cancelled each other out and paved the way for John Wayne to win his only Oscar . Midnight Cowboy is no longer shocking by today 's standards , but it is still a powerful and moving film and captures what the feeling of the New York underworld must have been like in the late sixties .
 Thank goodness for the smattering of eleven-year-olds like the young man below . He reminds me of me . In 1969 I was a little older than he -LRB- I was thirteen -RRB- , and had to sneak into the movie theater to see MIDNIGHT COWBOY , not because I did n't have the money but because the old battleaxe in the glass booth would n't sell me a ticket -LRB- `` Ya got ta be eighteen ! '' she bleated -RRB- . Anyway , I saw it , first of many times , and it turned me into neither a consumptive street hustler nor a male whore . I have had a 37-year love affair with this film , one of the most poignant , heartfelt and endearing stories of male bonding ever . Others -LRB- BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN , MY OWN PRIVATE IDAHO -RRB- come close , but none can touch MIDNIGHT COWBOY in its depiction of friendship out of deep emotional need . I am especially glad to see the release -LRB- finally -RRB- of a Special Edition with extras including : Audio Commentary by Producer Jerome Hellman `` After Midnight
 What is truly hilarious about reading reviews of movies on Amazon is that you inevitably run across the completely clueless , who have no idea what a good film is , or rate a movie bad simply because THEY did not experience something like the movie , did not understand the movie , or the movie dealt with a time or a world they were simply ignorant of . For perfect examples of this , simple scroll down the read the absolutely hysterically ignorant reviews of CF Fazzari and J Johnson . These dopes would n't know a good movie if their lives depended on it . Fazzari says all he got out of the movie was that `` people are stupid and gross '' and admits he should have stuck with the Brady Bunch . The latter statement I agree with , as this movie is far too realistic , character driven , and complex for such a simpleton to understand or appreciate . Johnson meanwhile also has trouble relating to people who smoke pot in the 60s , and thus can not relate to the movie , which he deems unrealistic because of that and the way Jon Voight says `` shheeet '' . Wow . Siskel and Ebert , your jobs are safe . I would suggest those 2 might get together and watch their collection of Brady Bunch DVDs , or probably more appropriately , their Barney videos . Guys , stay away from real film reviewing and leave that to the menfolk . Oh , and Johnson , the jerkstore called and want you back .
 In 1969 an `` X '' rating meant one of two things-you were going to be watching a porn movie or `` Midnight Cowboy '' . John Schesinger 's classic drama won a Best Picture Academy Award and giving the award to this drama is about the most daring thing the Academy ever did . `` Midnight Cowboy '' has never looked better . The grainy images perfectly capture the look of the film 's theatrical presentation and the image quality is much sharper here than the previous edition . Digital artifacts are minimal and the condition of the print is surprisingly good . The audio likewise sounds extremely good with a new Dolby Digital 5.1 mix made from the original mono master soundtrack . While it lacks the dynamic range of a newer film and does n't take full advantage of the format , the film sounds surprisingly spry in this presentation . Overall an outstanding job was done by MGM at restoring and presenting this classic film.Schlesinger 's film is still surprisingly powerful and the performances of the film are terrific . Jon Voight plays Joe Buck who arrives in the Big Apple hoping to make a life as a male prostitute servicing the ladies . Dustin Hoffman Ratzo Rizzo a minor hustler who ends up befriending Buck through a series of unusual circumstances . This odd couple ends up caring about each other and find that in the scuzzy streets of New York they have only each other to depend on and the dream of making their fortune and moving to Florida.This 35th Anniversary Special Edition of the film contains a number of special features that are quite nice but is lacking in the one area where it could excel-the commentary track . While original producer Jerome Hellman provides some interesting comments about the making of the film and his memory is quite good but the film would have benefited from someone on the creative side say Hoffman or Voight since both director Schlesinger and screenwriter Waldo Salt are dead.The featurettes and documentary are all located on the second disc of this set . The half hour `` After Midnight
 `` Midnight Cowboy '' is not easy to see . Even though it has lost a good deal of its original impact , this movie has visually striking scenes and powerful images . But underneath that though surface , `` Midnight Cowboy '' is a story about the unconditional friendship.Joe Buck -LRB- played by Jon Voight -RRB- and `` Razzo '' Rizzo -LRB- played by Dustin Hoffman -RRB- are apparently the two more different persons in the whole New York City , but actually they share more in common than they and the audience think at the beginning of the film . Despite the fact that their origins are completely different , Joe and Razzo eventually understand that they only have each other in the tough Big City.The song `` Everybody Is Talking '' is very good , and it is a great musical background to the gray streets of New York City . The director John Schlesinger never was known for finesse and subtlety , and this movie proves that he was a risky director . Jon Voight became well-known thanks to his portrayal of Joe Buck , and Dustin Hoffman portrayed a lovable loser with his usual skills . `` Midnight Cowboy '' is a very dark film , but intelligent and influential at the same time . Perhaps some elements have lost their original impact , but still this is a powerful movie .
 One of several miraculous films directed by the late John Schlesinger , MIDNIGHT COWBOY has a power that is undiminished more than thirty years after it was made . This is one of the few US-produced films that is aimed exclusively at an intelligent , adult audience . In this way it is like some of the better European films , which did not worry about reaching a ` broad ' audience . It 's a beautifully made film in every way , using some techniques developed by the French New Wave
 For years this was my favorite film of all time , and it may still be . Voight and Hoffman give the best performances of their careers , IMHO . This is the most savage yet poetic portrayal of post-50 's Americana I 've ever seen , and for me it is timeless . Every scene is masterfully played , shot , and edited ; many are etched into my memory forever . The last scene is almost too powerful , and I 'm destined to always watch it bleary-eyed , heartbroken , and profoundly moved . John Barry provided a wonderful score .
 This film is interesting only as a reflection of the degradationand evil of the hollywood liberals at the peak of their powers.This cesspool was given an academy award in 1969 and its adistillation of all the ideas in the liberal 's campaign todestroy America.The message of this film to those who saw it was
 THIS IS TRUE CLASSIC . I REMEMBER THIS FILM FROM MY FATHERS EMOTION , WHEN POOR RATSO PASSED AWAY ON HIS WAY TO FLORDIA.TO SEE IT ON DVD HAS OPENED UP OLD FEELINGS THAT HAVE BEEN LOCKED AWAY FOR MANY YEARS . JOE BUCK IS A TRUE GENT , I FEEL SO SORRY FOR RATSO AND FEEL THAT DUSTIN 'S ACTING IS FIRST CLASS . I HOPE TO BE ABLE TO PASS THIS TRUE CLASSIC ON TO MY SON WHO IS ONLY 18 MONTH 'S FOR MY GRANDCHILDREN TO SEE , AND REMEMBER ME BY .
 Newman and Redford , Voigt and Hoffman are not ; this movie is sort of a twisted buddy movie . For some bizarre reason one begins to identify with Joe Buck and Ratso 's saga . There is a sense of relief when the two are seen riding to Florida on the bus -- even though Buck has murdered someone to realize Ratso 's dream . The title song is still DYNOMITE !
 `` Midnight Cowboy '' is a classic film directed by John Schlesinger . Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are excellent .
 *** spoilers *** Joe Buck is a guy who has a little too much confidence in his sexual prowess . He decided in his optimism to make a run to New York to become a hustler for rich women . He 's in for a surprise as the only people into his cowboy schtick is the homosexual underground . He quickly becomes a victim to a seedy man by the name of Rico . and in a circumstantial set of events run into each other again and become roommates.In and of themselves , the actions of these two towards everyone they meet is despicable , but fits well with how the people treat each other in general in the city . Joe gets a rude awakening when he sees a man passed out in the middle of the sidewalk and no one interested in helping the man out . Joe and Rico steal money , addresses , try to take advantage of the lonely , but as their relationship progresses they commit these acts for the sake of the other person.This culminates in the end , as Joe beats a man and takes his money to get bus fare so himself and a terminally ill Rico can go to Florida . The ending is depressing but to be expected.In all , a testament to the bonds of friendship , even amongst thugs , and the terrible paths they take as they have nothing to lose . No character in itself is really redeemable in this movie , only the incredible bond between two human beings .
 I did like this movie becuase it is a `` could be so real '' movie . It is about a man moving to the big city from the small town wanting to be a sexual hustler . When there is no knowledge about the `` vocation '' that he is going into , he is the one that is being hustled . This movie is not a happy story or one that is particularly funny it is a very real `` small fish in a big bowl '' story . I do recommend this movie to anyone that likes a `` close to real life '' kind of story .
 IMHO ... But if tears do n't fill your eyes when Ratso says to Joe in a hushed , almost embarassed tone , `` I do n't think I can walk anymore '' ... then I feel sorry for you .
 This DVD only makes a great movie even better . With heightened sound and definition you really appreciate the very moving scenes between the two very different , but still connected characters . Dustin Hoffman is wonderful in the role of Ratso Rizzo and the very baby faced Jon Voight is perfect as Joe Buck . This movie was one of my first `` grown up '' movies as a young adult and it made a lasting impact . A story of friendship , survival and true devotion . Filmed in my home town of N.Y. . A must see !
 This one pierces the heart.I do n't know why the tragic lives of these lowlifes could have a very strong and powerful effect on the intelligence . A smell of existentialism.Very profoundly sad . Could have been written by Ouida . Or , because of its theme of friendship , by Maupassant.Superb acting . Dustin Hoffman 's is most goddam beautiful.One of the most stirring movies of all times .
 Oscar win = Best picture and Director that is all great but it deserved more . It deserved to win everything going no matter what it was against . It is by far the best film of the 60s and there is overwhelming evidence to support this .1 -RRB- The acting talent is outstanding , Jon Voight pulls out one of the best performances ever , he deserved to win Best Actor for his role as Joe Buck a stud from the ol' west who decides to go to New York to sell himself to all those women up there . When he arrives he is astounded by the different ways people act in the big city and his presence in the city is very much compromised by lots of people trying to scam him . First there is a random woman he picks up on the street , when they have finished their love-making he tries to get his payment for it , but she turns on a guilt trip and ends up scamming money out of him . Other scams include a pennyless homosexual trying to get some free action , but Joe did n't intend to have this action and not be paid .2 -RRB- The main scam artist however is the second lead character played by Dustin Hoffman who without a doubt deserved the Best Supporting Actor and maybe even Best Actor . He plays ` Ratzo ' a small crook who is down on his look , it is a pretty basic story , Joe and Ratzo end up living with each other and Ratzo decides to help Joe get off his feet in the big city , but most attempts fail and as winter sets in Ratzo gets a virus , and in the last scenes as they are being taken to Miami where the ` real money can be made ' poor Ratzo dies and it ends on a sad note with Joe Buck looking out the window a huge lump in his throat , you can even see it . This film is a classic and no others can compete - I do n't care what anyone else says ... 3 -RRB- Oh and by the way the soundtrack is fantastic too .
 The very best in movies . A + + + + all round . And that music , Brings back alot of memories . 1960 And a drive in movie show . My 1st ... It was wonderful then and still is . Just a great movie / /
 This movie is superb , and a terrific critique of the underbelly of American society -LRB- and western society in general -RRB- . Aspects of the story line serves as a kind of entry point into various scenes which explore the relevant social issues.The characters are partly realy ; partly symbolic . ` Joe Buck ' is a symbol ; ` Ratso ' -LRB- Rico -RRB- is a symbol.The geography and the movement in the movie are also symbolic
 42 years later the iconic images from this movie are still being pastiched . I saw it for the first time this week and it is one of the best movies I 've ever seen . The acting is touching , simple and varied . Of course the headliners , Dustin Hoffman very good , Jon Voight sublime , attracted all the attention , but every role , no matter how small is perfectly rendered . The story and direction are sure and relaxed and do not show age.To me , the best years of American cinema are the late sixties and seventies.Sherif Laoun
 Midnight Cowboy -LRB- the name was then contemporaneous slang for a male prostitute -RRB- is one of those solid , well-made films , from the 1960s that 's best recalled than watched . This is not to say it 's a bad film . It 's not . It 's a good , occasionally very good film - especially in terms of editing , cutting , and realism , but in many ways it 's an interesting short subject film of 25-30 minutes ' length , blown up to four or five times its optimum running time . The film was adapted by Waldo Salt , from a 1965 novel of the same name , by James Leo Herlihy , and directed by veteran journeyman filmmaker John Schlesinger . I use that term to describe the director because much of the film is pedestrian , in what occurs , how it is interpreted by the actors , and in its routine banality . However , this acts as a good setup for the flights of fancy and supposed recollection that litter the film , even if the pedestrian-ness of the bulk of the film is rather banal . Of course , most critics praise the banality as realism , again showing what the carrying of even a pocket dictionary could do to ameliorate film criticism.That stated , let it not sound like I 'm knocking the film . It is a good , solid film , and an emotionally enjoyable one , even if what it says about humanity is rather plain . In this way , it resembles films of that era , from Easy Rider to Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore . Its initial X rating is an absurdity , for the nudity is brief , and the violence even briefer . The acting is standout . While Dustin Hoffman usually gets the raves for his portrayal of sickly and crippled loser , Enrico ` Ratso ' Rizzo , the better performance is turned in by Jon Voight , as Joe Buck , because he has to show emotion in a character whose whole life is acting the part of the dumb yokel cowboy to try and ` sucker ' city slicker women with his lovemaking abilities . Even better than the lead duo is the supporting cast of Sylvia Miles - as a Manhattanite bitch who cheats Voight out of cash ; John McGiver as a psychotic pimp turned evangelist ; Brenda Vaccaro as another horny Manhattanite diva ; and Barnard Hughes and Bob Balaban as homosexuals who use Voight for sex and end up getting manhandled by him - the former with violent results the viewer never learns the full scope of . The film won three Oscars - for Best Screenplay , Best Picture , and Best Director , but only the last is really justifiable . The screenplay has merits , but too many flaws to name , and there certainly were better films that year . However , the solidity of the screenplay is heightened by Schlesinger 's direction , editing , and the cinematography of Adam Holender . The use of black and white dream sequences for Joe , the uber-color of Ratso 's fantasies , the psychedelic sequences at an Andy Warhol Factory Party ; all make the film stylistically interesting and innovative , far above its rather pedestrian theme of the decency of the common man .
 would give it 5 stars if possible . what a friendship . true-gritty . really an oscar winner
 To be honest , I was 6 when this movie came out and when I got grown I had absolutely no interest in seeing nothing about no cowboy trying to make his way to the big city film ; But as time moved on , I was a bit interested in this film . matter of fact , I was at Walmart looking at Oscar awarded films , this was about one of the few I have seen , and I got it . Once I seen it , I got mixed feelings . Joe Buck -LRB- John Voight -RRB- is a young overconfident Texan who knows he can please the ladies , and decides to go to N.Y. and be a hustler servicing ladies . If I can say anything , the fella gets my vote for his confidence & bravery . However , once he hits the Big Apple , he finds life is not what it may seem . For one , he gets taken by the rich lady he serviced -LRB- ai n't that something ? -RRB- then he gets with this crippled grifter -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- , who hooks him up with this man who supposedly had connections to the male escort business , but was more a religious kook more interested in praying which brought the flashbacks back even more so . Even though the film alludes to flashbacks that he was abused sexually by his grandmother , we can see what makes up the package of Joe Buck.Yet we do n't get that with Rizzo ; With him , you can see it from the door . After getting put out of his hotel , being hungry and having to sell it on the streets to a young boy who delivered but did n't have a thin dime , Buck gets hip and upon seeing Rizzo , starts to beat him down ; Instead , he gets a place to lay his head as well as an unlikely partnership . In time , Buck starts to care for Rizzo ; Rizzo starts dreaming of Florida and when he gets sicker , Buck gets up one more job gone a bit crazy to get him to Florida . I will be honest , for it 's time , you 'll see the grittiness of the big city and holding on to a dream even though the dream 's not for you . This movie is n't for everyone either and it does n't end on a great note , but at least you see Joe Buck coming out of the experience a much better person for it .
 This movie brings the viewer to the places that people like to ignore . What it ultimately shows is that there is humanity and empathy to be found in even the most jaded of individuals .
 This is a terrific movie.And a terrific time capsule , perfectly capturing the urban flavor that existed on the cusp of the 60s & 70s ... and the wonderful cinematic style of the era we seemed to lose long ago
 I agree wholeheartedly with the other reviews . I actually first saw this when I was very young , and was fascinated by the visual side of the film , as many of the themes went over my head . I 'm sure the Jerky boys used elements of Rizzo to create some of their characters , but thats another idiom . You can tell a good film when the minds eye of the director is poured through the lens whilst simultaniously absorbing the age and culture he is filming . There are some truely classic dialogue moments , people are shown in all their glory and self loathing , a brutally honest look at what happens when you chase your dreams into a big city without a backup plan . I never tire of this timeless classic . Tutti Frutti !! s
 Midnight Cowboy is definetly one of the finest films of all time . For months after I saw it first I was haunted by several of the images . Deserved winner of the Best Picture Oscar in 1969 it is still the only X rated film to have done so , today it would probably by PG . This film contains the best performance that both Hoffman and Voight ever did . The story . A texas stud -LRB- Voight -RRB- decides to go to New York to try and teach the women over there what real lovin ' is all about . Along the way he gets hustled by a rich woman -LRB- Sylvia Miles -RRB- and eventually meets up with a cripple -LRB- Hoffman -RRB- who becomes his manager . The film chronicles their many adventures and follows Ratso 's dream of going to Florida . It is truly one of the best and most bizarre love storys ever captured on celluloid . One of the songs in the film `` Everybody 's Talking '' was a hit while the main theme is extremely haunting and plays on your days after viewing .
 One of the best Hoffman classics.Me and my family enjoyed this movie a lot ...
 Compared with the garbage that 's made today when I watch a film like Midnight Cowboy I find it hard to believe it was ever made . No studio today would ever make a movie like this . It deals with controversial topics but it does n't bang you over the head with them . It lets you use your own imagination to fill in the blanks . Are movies even shot on film anymore , or are they shot direct to digital ? And why does every F 'n movie have CG effects today ?! You ca n't even watch a love story without CG koalas running around or some sh_t . Not to mention how perverted they are . Midnight Cowboy does deal with a lot of adult subject matter though , so I ca n't throw stones there , but , remember this film was rated X when it was first released . They could get away with showing this on Nickelodeon if they put it on late enough nowadays . Sorry for the rant but I 'm so sickened by today 's movies I could puke .
 Excrutiatingly disgusting , yet unbelieveably interesting . I could n't keep my eyes off this movie , which says a lot . The ending left a bad taste in my mouth . But I would not say this movie is not realistic , Oh contrare . Do n't know if it would happen today , but the early seventies in New York was exactly as shown , or almost . I know first hand . A good bit of documentary reporting , showing the life in New York as it is for the very poor and young .
 This film is a classic and a cult film . A young Dustin Hoffman cuts out a part that is so brilliant and so moving that the film will remain in our minds no matter how long ago we have seen it . The hustling cowboy in New York was a myth in the 60s , but the film does not only work on ambiguous situations in that business , but takes advantage of the situation to depict New York under a very sad and dark light . People are indifferent to their neighbors . A man can die in the middle of the sidewalk , yet no one will even stop to check upon him . New York has a tremendous amount of poverty , misery and suffering , and this film only speaks of the whites in New York . To the point that Rico , the main character , is living on a dream , the dream to go to Florida . His situation is so dramatic that his friend Joe will , thanks to violent stealing in a sexual situation that will prevent the victim from speaking , realize his dream and take him to Florida . Unluckily he will die when crossing the city limits of Miami . He will have seen Florida from his seat on a bus but never set one foot on the ground . This dream is of course a sour version of the American dream , a dream that turns into a death march . But it is also a testimony of what was happening in the US in the 60s
 I saw this movie when it was first released and it made a lasting impression on me . Seeing it a second time this many years later - it was just as I remembered the movie to be . even better .
 I will not tell about the story . I prefer you give it a try and see by yourself . What I can say , is it 's like Easy Rider , this movie tells so much about the American society of the 70 's . It 's a masterpiece . Dustin Hoffman and John Voight are amazing.You will never forget the acting , the music , the unfortunate destiny of the 2 main individuals.Please buy or hire it.Watch it and see . It 's certainly one of the movies I 've been watching and watching again and again years to years . It 's a masterpiece !
 By way of starting this review , I want to say there 's one reviewer who said that few adolescents or young adults will appreciate this film . Now , I can understand that -LRB- or can imagine that -RRB- , but honestly , if you can relate at all with other people in a more than shallow way , Midnight Cowboy will be quite an experience , I think.I 'm in my early twenties and would , according to present standards , qualify as an adult , but certainly I have n't myself been in the gutter yet , nor been to the pawn shop , nor etc. , etc. . nevertheless , I consider this a very strong film.Of course I wo n't go into subject matter/themes/summary of MC , as that will be redundant and would rob you of half the fun . Most probably other reviewers have taken the liberty of being more informative . Rather I stain blank ` paper ' with words urging you to rush out and buy MC . Repeat
 Great movie , but if you play it on a large home theatre screen , it gets a little smudgy . The detail is lost . Bluray would have been better
 The plot in the movie was very good and very original compared to movies that are made today . Overall though I did not think the movie was as entertaining as it could have been and seemed to get boring in some parts . The acting was superb by both Hoffman and Voight , the direction of the movie is a little dated , but most people will enjoy the movie.A -
 I like Midnight Cowboy , I think it 's one of Hoffman and Voight 's best performances and the story is good and the directing is excellent . It definitely is a classic piece of film history . This is a must have for any movie collector .
 good price and quality of dvd ; received sooner than expected , very happy about that . No problems with shipment or product .
 a classic end of the 1960 's era . to compare this movie to the social bracket and morals we have today has changed very little . this movie teaches us one thing that even though threw out the ages technology has changed but people have not . since the dawn of man kind people have always been beautiful and rotten . it amazes me in my personal experience that how one person can be a very unlikely friend with another that in this life some how everything equals it 's match . that one man 's garbage is another man 's treasure and that one man 's medicine can be another man 's poison or one man 's enemy can be another man 's friend . a man can either crawl up in a hole and die or choose to spread his wings and soar like an eagle . the human soul has many different angles so you choose yours . this movie has a little something for everybody so keep your eye 's open and your ears sharp and listen .
 Saw this when I was in high school and have always wanted to own it . Dustin Hoffman 's performance as Ratso Rizzo was outstanding !!! He Should have won an Oscar for this role . John Voight was also very good but did not compare to Hoffman although many stated they cancelled each other out for the Oscar nod .
 One of the great travesties in movie history is that Dustin Hoffman did n't win the Oscar for best actor for his incredible performance in this picture . Voigt delivers a fine performance as well as the lead actor/title character , but Dustin 's acting is so deep , nuanced and rich that I always just shake my head whenever I watch his Ratso Rizzo . He uses a spot on New York accent , affects a very convincing cripple 's walk , displays manual dexterity cooking and shining shoes . He convincingly portrays someone who is very sick , a con man , someone w / a big heart , a dreamer and someone who truly loves his counterpart , Joe Buck . When you seem him sweating profusely w / the fear in his eyes that he 's dying , you absolutely believe it.There 's a lot to recommend this film , but you 'll never see a finer acting performance than what you get out of Dustin here .
 The product was more than I expected ... a deluxe 2 disc edition including some postcards from this classic film -LRB- ?! -RRB- . It was in perfect shape and arrived in a timely manner . I had forgotten how wonderful and poignant this film is.Beryl Knauth
 John Schlesinger 's film adaptation of James Leo Herlihy 's 1965 novel is a work of creative genius , sublimely crafted , rich , profound , and deeply moving . You would be hard pressed to find a single frame of the film that does not contain something genuine and meaningful .
 From the point of view of a criminologist , I would say that the epilogue to this story would be rather bleak for our protagonist . At the very least , he would face a very serious litany of charges
 This is one of the best movies I 've seen in a very long time . The actors have done a remarkable job in playing their roles and the movie itself is very entartaining .
 I first saw this film as a young man , being nostalgic as I am . I found new meaning in the story , it touched me in a way it had n't the first time . Young people today might not be aware of the fact that this movie had an X rating , and to my knowledge the first and only movie to win a best picture Oscar with an X rating . Excellent storyline , direction , and acting .
 I paid 13.99 then went to Target ... 8.99 . Wish I would have done my homework .
 ... that 's what I think this movie is really about . Yeah , freindship is there too , and dreams but what this movie is really about is losing the meaning of the American Dream , I 'll get to that later . `` You know what you could do with them dishes . And if you aint man enough to do it for yourself , I 'd be happy to ablidge ... I really would . `` That 's JOE BUCK -LRB- JON VOIGHT -RRB- from Texas , headed for New York City , and he has some male prostitution thoughts in mind before long . The goofy Texan now depends on this unusual management to survive in the city . He does n't seem to care if it is legally and morally wrong as long as he fits in . `` I 'M WALKIN ' HERE , I 'M WALKIN ' HERE ! `` That 's RICO -LRB- RATSO -RRB- RIZO -LRB- DUSTIN HOFFMAN -RRB- . He has been the longsuffering-greasy-conman-homeless-victim of New York City . Before long , the two unlikes -LRB- or are they ? -RRB- meet and Rico cons Joe . But after that , they meet again , Rizo shows Joe his home and they begin `` management '' . Joe scores big a few times with some `` gorgous chicks '' , he says that they are , `` beggin ' for it , payin ' for it too . '' Other things do n't go so well for the two losers , and Rizo wants to go to Florida.I wo n't give away any major elements because the ending is actually very suprising , especially for a regular viewer that is used to mainstream endings . But I will discuss the themes , so anyone reading that has n't seen the film could have a good idea of what to look for when studying the film , so they do n't `` get the wrong impression '' . CONNECTION BETWEEN THE CHARACTERS
 To me Midnight Cowboy is about the ailienation of American culture . From the bus ride in the early scenes passing all the neon lights , to the orange juice commercial , to the dreams of moving to Florida - all are illusions . Only the friendship was real and tangible .
 I was surprised to learn that this was originally rated X. I hardly thought it even deserved an R rating , as there was only very brief nudity , and not a four-letter word to be heard . I think it was simply the adult premise of male prostitution that made the film so daring in its day . It seems pretty tame by today 's standards . An excellent movie on all levels . I especially admired John Voight 's poignant performance as Joe Buck . He gives the character a real warmth and humanity that could have easily been lacking with this material . Dustin Hoffman 's Ratzo Rizzo was brilliant -- perhaps his best role ever . I would recommend this film to anyone . I did n't find it shocking in the least , just a great story with great characters .
 I remember when this film came out
 While it was something of a groundbreaker in the late 60s , today `` Midnight Cowboy '' seems dated , and not just for its phony psychelic party scenes . The sexual revolution rolled on and left this film in its wake . Now the movie seems naive and occasionally grating , especially in its depiction of its homosexual characters . Whether young -LRB- like timid teen played by Bob Balaban -RRB- or old -LRB- the aging man played by Barnard Hughes -RRB- , they 're pitiful , self-loathing creatures just waiting to be bashed . This from a gay man - director John Schlesinger ? - it 's hard to believe , but those were the mores of the times . -LRB- Even `` gay '' productions of the era - `` Boys in the Band , '' for example - are awash with neurotic queers -RRB- . The full truth of Joe 's troubled sexual past , presented in fevered flashbacks , is also problematic in the screenplay . What saves the film and makes it worthwhile 40 years later are chiefly the solid and detailed performances of Jon Voight as laughable New York hustler Joe Buck and Dustin Hoffman as street-smart con-man Ratso
 a great film , shows the roughness of live and the great ways friendship can surprise you . love dustin hoffman in this film , in my opinion his best role ever . hes a lovable , homeless cripple that meets a cowboy that moves to NYC . they strike up an unusual friendship . funny and sad , HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 Many people comment on this bleak , blistering film with the observation that it is dated . After all , it was made in the sixties and does reflect those times . I hate films that do not take place in MY here & now . Saw a crazy movie called Stagecoach in which people wore funny hats and actually rode horses ! Could n't understand it . I want to see movies in which hip , good-looking high school kids are texting each other .
 `` MIDNIGHT COWBOY '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- is a unique human drama . As sad as `` TERMS OF ENDEARMENT '' yet it follows a male prostitute and his friend , who is a con man , as they try to live on the streets of New York . I have had to watch `` Midnight Cowboy '' -LRB- 1-disc -RRB- that only has an 8-page production booklet . Now though comes the DVD of a life time . The 2-disc collector 's edition DVD of `` Midnight Cowboy '' . Packed with special features like an audio commentary by the producer Jeromy Hellman and many featurettes . The thing that is so great about `` MIDNIGHT COWBOY '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- that it handles the stroy well enough that it dose n't have many sex scenes -LRB- that I could n't watch -RRB- , and that it is built more on story and drama.if you like `` MIDNIGHT COWBOY '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , you may also enjoy : `` EASY RIDER '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- -LRB- 1-DISC SPECIAL EDITION -RRB- `` RAGING BULL '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- -LRB- 2-DISC SPECIAL EDITION -RRB- -LRB- among many others -RRB- BY
 Midnight Cowboy was originally rated X , and not for the reasons movies usually get into that range . When we think about X ratings we often think about wild sexual scenes involving busty blondes and handsome studs in elegant settings . Here it 's because John Voight is a disillusioned Texas cowboy who has lost his way in the grimy depths of New York City , and is doing what he has to do to get some food into him.Voight did have his dreams of mansions and beautiful women . The whole reason he came to New York City was not to be an actor or a wall street mogul , but to be a high class male prostitute . He thought the money would shower on him and that he 'd live a life of luxury . However , New York City was n't that kind to him . He finds instead that he 's regularly taken advantage of by the natives , can barely afford his bug-infested apartment where the TV set charges by the minute . Dustin Hoffman is one of those who uses and abuses him at first - but then fate throws them together and they 're doing their best to survive without heat , without jobs , and without much food.There are barely any women in this film . When one appears , she is only there to take advantage of Voight and then vanish again . Most of the characters are males - because Voight finds the only way he can bring in money is to frequent gay movie houses . Even there he does n't do very well.It 's certainly not an upbeat , cheery movie , but it is a look at an area of life that few other movies tackle . If we wanted a `` glamorous New York City '' view we could choose from hundreds of films and TV shows which portray that . Instead , this looks beneath the surface of the city , at the people who can barely afford something to eat , who would never dream of going into the ritzy bars that characters in other films waltz in and out of daily.You have to wonder at times - why do n't the two men apply for all the base-level jobs that do exist in the city ? To be a janitor , or dishwasher , or other such thing ? Surely that would be better than starving and shivering . But Hoffman just relies on Voight , and Voight wo n't give up on his dream . He 's convinced he can make it as a stud , if he just finds the right way to promote himself.Adding dimension to the story are the flashbacks into Voight 's life in Texas which apparently was not all wine and roses either . He had a girl he loved - and did something happen to her ? Maybe to them both ? The pieces come in fragments , and it makes you wonder just how he got to the place he is now.Well worth watching to give a view into what New York City means to many people who ca n't seem to get a hand-hold on a decent life .
 Few films with this type of style age this well . Midnight Cowboy despite having a very dated construction , it still one of the most interesting and sad films ever made . Hoffman and Voight carry the entire film on their shoulders and make a very unpleasant story tolerable.It had been many years since I had seen this and I will admit , I liked it better now than when I first saw it in the 70 's , but some confusing flashback sequences and dated situations keep this film from being perfect . The two stars chemistry and the films undeniable raw and uncompromising story are something that stay with the viewer long after the credits role.I saw this on an HD channel and it looked crisp and clean , I do own the 2 disc edition which is excellent with a nice transfer and quality extra material .
 I heard the beautiful and haunting theme song on the radio as I had many times before and the DJ came on afterward and said it was from `` Midnight Cowboy , the only x-rated film to win an academy award . '' Intrigued , I decided to buy the DVD , especially when I saw Dustin Hoffman was in it.The film opens with many close-ups of John Voight 's sunny face and blue skies as he heads to New York for -LRB- he believes and hopes -RRB- a bright future while experiencing images and sounds of exceedingly dark memories.Right at the start the viewer is put at unease by hearing what sounds like an older woman moaning with pleasure but then we see it 's little boy Joe Buck giving his grandma a back massage after which she gives him a kiss on the cheek . It 's the first of many flashbacks to his childhood sexual abuse that start out with suggestive overtones but then become more aggressive and intrusive.Dustin Hoffman , only two years away from playing the pampered and wealthy character in The Graduate , brilliantly transformed himself into an aging and pathetic but amiable failed grifter , Ratso.The magic of this film for me is the contrast of vile people , circumstances and societal values with the striving and struggle of both Joe and Ratso . In my opinion this is accomplished by both actor 's ability to capture the combination of never standing a chance to win with the lovely wisdom of caring and compassion which leads to their losing streaks . How do they do this?John Voight 's face is magic and never have I seen so many emotions portrayed so believably while at the same time playing , by many people 's definitions , a simpleton . Not only is the world reflected in his face but throughout the film he looks to himself in mirrors , giving himself advice.Dustin Hoffman masters projecting deep feelings even though his character seems to cough more than speak . It 's the tiniest of details - a glimmer in an eye , the move of a brow in response to a questions - that 's really acting!I think the late 60 's culture was also well done , especially the party toward the end.The other thing about this film 's excellence is the dark humor . I frequently laughed at and with the two friends.Having said all of these glowing things , the majority of the film and message is very ugly , but that only serves to offer contrast to the friendship they share that transcends all .
 I 'm extremely annoyed at the review by Jim Emerson on Amazon . He was obviously either a baby or `` not around '' when Midnight Cowboy came out and reviews the film from the standpoint of watching films for the past ten or twenty years and with no appreciation of how powerful and provocative this film was when it came out in 1969 . Describing Hoffman as using a `` stupid acting trick '' shows Mr. Emerson 's disdain towards the acting profession and ridicules what is a powerful performance by Hoffman . Schlesinger 's semi-psychedelic cinematography may have dated but that 's irrelevant given the story itself is timeless . This is really not so much a story about how two men find themselves and establish a friendship but more how each one of them find themselves stuck in a state of loneliness . Yes , Ratzo comes to love and appreciate Buck 's companionship as does Buck appreciation Ratzo but both of them are still lonely individuals who are n't happy with their own lot in life . Both struggle with their own limitations and can not find a way out that makes any sense . Buck tries at first with his escorting but is no naive that he loses his income and is forced into a new gameplan for survival . Ratzo has been living the life of a petty thief and con and has never been able to find a way to transcend his own physical limitations and given the way society treats the less fortunate it 's no wonder Ratzo is unable to extracate himself from being the pariah he 's made to feel . I would n't call these individuals `` losers '' either like Mr. Emerson -LRB- who obviously could care less about the humanity of both of these two individuals -RRB- . These are people stuck in a situation that they just do n't know how to get out of and are forced to live with their own fate . I strongly recommend the novel by James Leo Herlihy . It is a powerful novel and really is a story about loneliness . Both characters are lonely and then find companionship , for a time , but are never able to escape their own loneliness . The movie is faithful to the novel which is why it 's just as powerful . It 's probably true that the movie 's ending would not be approved today by a major hollywood production company but that 's one of the reasons why Midnight Cowboy is so good . That griddiness and approximation of `` reality '' elevates Midnight Cowboy from the fakery and phoniness of Hollywood in general . Long live , Midnight Cowboy . And Mr. Emerson , do yourself a favor . Do n't show your age and contempt towards a film just because you were n't around to see it when the film came out .
 One of those rare instances where a film not made for a mainstream audience became a commercial success . When it was released at the end of the 60 's , movies were enjoying a new freedom in language and subject matter with the creation of the MPAA rating -LRB- then only in its 2nd year -RRB- . But what director Schlesinger brought to the table was a whole new way of telling a story . Much more European in its execution , but with cuts that were more rapid than had yet been seen.As the story opens and moves foward , it simultaneously moves backward to give us the lowdown on Joe Buck . Propelled , make that glided , by Nilsonn 's `` Everybody 's Talkin ' '' in one of the most perfect meldings of song and cinema , makes you aware your in the hands of a master storyteller.With Voight 's wide-eyed , but totally believable , innocence and Hoffman 's cynically encrusted exterior , they bring indellible life to two men who are really brothers under the skin . With Hoffman you can almost smell his b.o. And dig the famous improv when they 're walking down the NYC street -LRB- photographed by a hidden camera -RRB- and Hoffman momentarily breaks character when he 's almost hit by a cab -LRB- `` I 'M WALKIN ' HERE ! '' -RRB- and recovers the bit so adroitly they left it in . While Hoffman has the showy part , Voight has the harder job . Without Voight 's genuine innocence mixed with Buck 's cluelessness the character could n't come to life -LRB- and this was the problem with the novel -RRB- . Repeated viewings will make you wonder just who is better . In he end it 's a tie , and no wonder the Academy could n't decide either and tossed the award over to John Wayne . To choose between either actor ultimately would have been a disservice to the other . Some great NY actors , whose faces were well known to audiences back then , do some of their best work here also . And kudos to John Barry 's sparse , but unforgettable score . The great composer gives a large chunk of the film 's music to some budding songwriters . Originally rated X , this was an X rating the way the MPAA originally intended it -LRB- i.e. for Adults Only -RRB- . Once the porno industry co-opted the rating , the X took on an entirely different and unintended meaning , and thereafter all studios shied away from the dreaded X. -LRB- Newspapers would not accept ads and television spots were verboten -RRB- . `` Midnight Cowboy '' did get snipped on the re-release for an R rating -LRB- as did `` A Clockwork Orange '' -RRB- and that 's how both films are seen today . But these cuts are minor . The film still stands as one of the most emotionally powerful films about friendship , love and the survival of the human soul .
 Disturbingly honest portrayal of compassion and survival in the rat infested metropolis we call New York . It could be London , Paris , Charleston ; it does n't really matter . The message is ubiqutious . Unlikely alliants encourage each other to chase their dreams while helping one another to survive the never ending symptomology of poverty and hopelessness . There is no surrender . Constantly assaulting the viewers emotions , the screenplay is mined with moments of shear magic , real love , and undeniable humanity . Watch your step ! The tears of sorrow might become tears of joy might become tears of sorrow before you even recognize what happened . Touching , full of life , and ultimately devastating . Few adolescents and young adults will appreciate the power of this film . Have you ever been arrested , evicted , went to pawn shop , stood in soup line , begged for food , pan-handled , been a fish out of water ... ? If your response is `` No '' , then forget about ths film . It 's not for you . Because most of us have been there . Even if it 's one day . Midnight Cowboy is an incredibly insightful montage of our dreams and desires that will likely realize never . It 's about man 's innate grandiosity , the power of denial , and then acceptance . A 5 star kleenex alert .
 Many of the reviewers that have posted negative comments seem to share the same penchant for the word `` dated '' and employ it as a tool with which they can easily dismiss Midnight Cowboy among other films . Without question , some films have stood the test of time better than others . Mostly those that were products of conservative filmmakers and more mainstream subject matters . With 1969 's Midnight Cowboy , we have neither . The aesthetic of the film is , without question , heavily influenced by the avant garde art world of 1960 's New York ; a Warholesque vision of decadence mixed with an almost reverent appreciation for all things urban . Schlesinger , in my opinion , tried and succeeded in fusing both worlds and created not only a snapshot of a time and place , but a whole sensibility . But for the record , I 'm not at all a fan of the psychedelic camerawork and editing he used throughout the movie . But with a story as powerful as this , all gripes about the visual style of the film can easily be forgiven . Most films , though , in one way or another have through the years lost their ability to really make an impact on the public . We 're by far more jaded , cynical , dismissive , but overall sophisticated than audiences were half a century ago and we 're certainly not as forgiving . Our collective gullibility and naivet&eacute; died with the Edsel . Comedies have probably faired best , because humor is timeless and what was funny 70 years ago will most certainly be funny today . Do we need a better example than `` I Love Lucy '' still on TV almost 60 years after it was originally aired on CBS ? . But let 's take a quick look at the horror films of Universal Studios golden age . In a day and age where eye gouging and Achilles tendons are sliced for fun comprise a large part of most contemporary horror movies , does Dracula , Frankenstein or the Wolf Man elicit even a modicum of terror in anyone ? However , does that mean that the aforementioned films are n't , indeed , masterpieces of that genre and wholly worthy of being seen , if for no other reason than to appreciate , among other things , the craftsmanship and performances ? How about another personal favorite of mine , Film Noir . We 're inundated on a daily basis by news and television shows that seemingly revel in the most grotesque aspects of all things criminal , do the villains , femme fatales and other losers that populate Sam Spade and Philip Marlowe 's criminal underworld seem remotely threatening to anyone ? How about the street lingo of 1940 's America , where every dame had more curves than the Monaco Gran Prix ? Is that even remotely relevant nowadays ? But in a film genre that was equal parts style and substance , the art of it is its eternal appeal . Midnight Cowboy is , simply put , an excellent film , beautifully acted and expertly rendered . If you are able to get past some of the `` dated '' aspects of the movie , you 'll be rewarded with an honest if gritty exploration of the price we pay for our individuality and the true nature of friendship .
 I 'm 14 and admittedly did not understand a lot of things . I understand this though ; it 's very perceptive and insightful . It demonstrates that childhood experiences shape the adult personality.Strong Joe Buck tires of washing dishes at some diner in the desert that is Texas , and heads to New York to work as a gigilo . As a twelve year old boy he routinely had sex with his grandmother who called him `` stud '' . That affection stuck with him as his incestuous childhood eventually emerged as a sick deluded young adult.Once in the Big Apple , he quickly learns he ca n't hustle anyone , because everyone was hustling him . Soon enough he wraps up with petty criminal Ratso Rizza -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- who invites him to share his room in a decaying slum.What follows is a vingette driven work of art , inwhere Joe Buck -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- admits defeat , and heads to Miami , with Ratso in tow . They make the final heave as close friends when Joe Buck , sells his blood to get over the counter medication for Ratso , who apparently has emphyseima from smoking.I shall say no more .
 In one of this new DVD collector 's edition supplements , Kiefer Sutherland states that after watching this film , he never looked at street people the same again . That is the principle -LRB- but not the only -RRB- strength of this film ; it humanizes people that tend to be invisible to us when they are not viewed as nuisances to our consciences.Right from the beginning , we know that Joe Buck -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- is headed for trouble . His nave optimism only grows more acute the farther away from the simple rural life he left behind and closer to the cynicism of the Big City . The fact that he wants to be gigolo suggests that he believes life without resources or a skill in New York City will be as simple and pain-free as it was back in his hometown . Nothing could be further from the truth , as he soon finds out.Enter Ratso Rizzo -LRB- Dustin Hoffman -RRB- who knows only too well the requirements of survival with limited options . Ratso has no skills other than hustling , but even in that he fools no one but first-timers like the unsophisticated Joe . By the time they meet again after Ratso cons Joe out of his money during their first encounter , Ratso 's physical condition has deteriorated to the point where he can no longer survive on his own , so it is natural for him to invite Joe to move in with him inside a condemned building ; Joe accepts this offer , since he knows he ca n't survive on his own either . From that point , the two outcasts form a bound based upon mutual aid in a nightmarish world where their only consolation is unrealized dreams.They simply do n't make movies like this anymore , and the current generation of filmgoers have been robbed of the profound visceral and emotional effects of great adult drama -LRB- The Crying Game is one the few more recent exceptions , if you call 1992 recent -RRB- . The video and audio are of course much improved over the initial DVD release , but although I found the supplements-including the audio commentary -- to this new edition somewhat inadequate , it is never-the-less a pleasure to hear the Voight and Hoffman describe how this film effected them as profoundly as it did , and to learn of the courage of the filmmakers -LRB- especially director John Schlesinger -RRB- to overcome all obstacles to make this film as great as it could be .
 A truly great film . How many people have set off on a journey with great expectations only to discover that the reality is different ? It is all too easy to believe that you are prepared for everything.Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman turn in excellent performances , helping to convey an intense naivete but also a great human warmth . The main Midnight Cowboy -LRB- harmonica -RRB- theme is a brilliant piece from John BarryThe DVD transfer is good , the picture quality is very good . For those who are interested the widescreen version is matted , so the full screen version offers more screen information .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This film was deeply moving from my perspective because it was so well produced . The subtleties and nuances are what truly distinguished the film . Thus , for instance , the very low current of homosexuality which undergirds the two main characters is always present , always acting , but doing so behind the scenes , in a way that keeps the viewer unsure of exactly where the deeper feelings stand between the two men . Another nuance is the love-hate relationship our two protagonists share with one another . They example the classic case of `` ca n't live with him -- ca n't live without him '' . -LSB- ... -RSB- In essence , what I found so truly impressive about the film was its realness , a realness disguised under character persona . Joe and Ratso had not truly cared about any other male until they met one another and had to rely on one another . The ending of the film is quite tender , depicting how caring and gentle and loving Joe is in nurturing Ratso during his debilitating illness on their bus trip to Florida . The film indicates a transformation , an expansion , a growth for both characters , as they come to realize that their lives are much more than about parochial and narrow self interests.This film won several academy awards -LRB- 1969 -RRB- and , in my opinion , deserves its classic moniker . Both Hoffman and Voight turned in excellent and dynamic and exceptionally convincing performances , and I would say this film showed them at their best acting potential . I have added this one to my small collection and expect to enjoy it for years .
 It began withDead End -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , The boys came from the Broadway play and landed their first starring role togther . After Dead End -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , First National Pictures picked them up forCrime School -LSB- VHS -RSB- -LRB- 1938 -RRB- and they made many more films for over 20 years until 1958 . In 1938 , Billy Halop brought along Huntz Hall , Gabriel Dell and Bernard Punsly in Little Tough Guy -LRB- 1938 -RRB- . This spun off into another film series with a total of nine films for Universal from 1938-1943 . They also made film serials for the new Universal : Junior G-Men - Volumes 1 & 2 -LRB- Complete Serial -RRB- -LRB- 2-DVD -RRB- -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , Sea Raiders - Volumes 1 & 2 -LRB- Complete Serial -RRB- -LRB- 2-DVD -RRB- -LRB- 1941 -RRB- andJunior G-Men of The Air - Volumes 1 & 2 -LRB- Complete Serial -RRB- -LRB- 2-DVD -RRB- -LRB- 1942 -RRB- . In 1940 , Leo Gorcey and Bobby Jordan became The East Side Kids for Monogram Pictures Corp. for 22 films from 1940-1945 . Huntz Hall and Gabriel Dell would later join the new gang.Then in 1946 , The East Side Kids became The Bowery Boys and made 48 more films from 1946-1958 . Now back to Billy Halop and Bernard Punsly . They continued with The Dead End Kids with The Little Tough Guys film series until they both said goodbye in MUG TOWN -LRB- 1943 -RRB- . Billy Halop continued a film and television career , but getting parts was hard . In between acting jobs , Halop was a chef , electric dryer salesman and in his final years as a male nurse . He would sometime make an appearance as `` Bert Munson '' in the CBS tv series , `` All in the Family '' beginning in 1972 . His last appearance was broadcast after his death in 1977 . In 1976 , Billy Halop had a heart attack and passed away ending a 50-year career in show biz that started with radio in the 1920 's . Bernard Punsly 's last film ever was MUG TOWN -LRB- 1943 -RRB- . He became a gynecologist M.D. in Torrence , California and passed away on January 20 , 2004 as the last surviving Dead End Kid . Huntz Hall died January 30 , 1999 . Marjorie Main , who was in DEAD END -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , plays the role as Halop 's mother in this film . She went on to do THE EGG AND I -LRB- 1947 -RRB- as `` Ma Kettle '' -LRB- which spawned into a new film series `` Ma & Pa Kettle '' -RRB- . This film , Little Tough Guy is also David Gorcey 's -LRB- Leo 's younger brother -RRB- film debut .
 The Universal Dead End Kids/Little Tough Guys features are great little films . It 's unfortunate that the first film , Little Tough Guys , is the only one readily available . It 's the typical story , but I never tire of it . The Alpha DVD print is one their better ones with no splices . The film is complete except that the Universal logo is missing . It would be fantastic if Universal would just put these out in a set .
 Have always enjoyed everything from the Dead End Kids with this being no exception . Like the way these young actors play off each other .
 The Dead End Kids never fail to make an unforgettable movie . Have always been a fan and always will be of this group of young toughs who always leave an impression on everybody who watches their films and this one is no exception .
 This is the first entry for the Dead End Kids & Little Tough Guys series for Universal from 1938 . Made between `` Crime School '' & `` Angels With Dirty Faces '' , this series also overlapped the popular East Side Kids series . Their last entry for Universal was `` Keep Em Slugging '' in 1943 with Bobby Jordan replacing Billy Halop as the gang leader , Halop had enlisted in the service . I really liked `` Little Tough Guy '' mainly for the novelty & interest in seeing Huntz Hall play a real tough guy & gang leader instead of playing his usual `` dumb bell '' clown role . I just wish he would 've done it more often because he was good at it . Although he was quite dramatic & serious in the 3 serials.I have the entire Universal Little Tough Guys box set & I 'm still going thru it & I 've seen `` Call A Messenger '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- to `` Hit The Road '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- & there 's still a half a dozen more to watch . If you want this series you can order it by emailing &lt;eggcream@earthlink.net> . So far I like these films & it 's probably the most rarest & least remembered series but it 's still good & entertaining . Some of the films feature all the original Dead End Kids , all except Leo Gorcey . It 's too bad Leo Gorcey was n't in any of these films because I think it would 've worked even better than it did . In the original Dead End Kids I enjoyed the confrontations between Leo Gorcey & Billy Halop . It 's too bad they could n't work together anymore after Warner Bros dropped them .
 Monogram Pictures presents `` TUMBLEDOWN RANCH IN ARIZONA '' -LRB- 20 April 1941 -RRB- -LRB- 60 mins/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- With the success of Republic 's Three Mesquiteers , several forces came together around 1940 to develop a new ` trigger trio ' for the screen -- The star was Ray ` Crash ' Corrigan , a producer named George W. Weeks and Monogram Pictures -- With a character of his own name . Ray starred in 20 of the 24 films in this series between 1940 and 1943 -- The Range Busters was clearly a lower budget copy of the Mesquiteers -- Big , muscular Ray ` Crash ' Corrigan was the lead , the second lead was John ` Dusty ' King , a big band singer -LRB- Ben Bernie Orchestra -RRB- with a reasonably good baritone , who would vocalize a tune or two in each film -- And comic relief was in the hands of ventriloquist Max ` Alibi ' Terhune -LRB- and his wise-cracking dummy Elmer -- Monogram would distribute the Range Busters but not be directly involved in the productions -- The deal gave Corrigan a substantial share of the film profits -LRB- in an interview years later , Ray said he received 50 % -RRB- . Under the production staff of : Roy S. Luby - DirectorGeorge W. Weeks - ProducerMilton M. Raison - ScreenwriterRobert C. Cline - CinematographerFrank Sanucci - Musical Direction/SupervisionRoy Claire - EditorOur story line and plot , Our heroes Ray `` Crash '' Corrigan -LRB- Himself -RRB- , Dusty -LRB- John King -RRB- and Alibi -LRB- Max Terhune -RRB- members of the Range Busters are now rodeo contestants -- When Johnny is knocked unconscious , travels back to their father 's time and the Range Busters are soon thrown into a situation to get the Railroad right-of-way across Mother Slocum 's ranch -- She is tricked into signing a release , the Range Busters find their job more difficult as the Sheriff is in with the crooks -- After vanquishing the evil doers , they all awaken under a tree , back in their own time -- Some of the best villains in this oater appear Quen Ramsey , James Craven and Jack Holmes.the cast includes : Ray Corrigan ... ` Crash ' Corrigan -LRB- as Ray ` Crash ' Corrigan -RRB- John ` Dusty ' King ... John King -LRB- prologue -RRB- & ` Dusty ' King -LRB- flashback -RRB- Max Terhune ... ` Alibi ' Terhune -LRB- as Max ` Alibi ' Terhune -RRB- Elmer ... Elmer , Alibi 's DummySheila Darcy ... Dorothy JonesMarian Kerby ... Mother RogersQuen Ramsey ... GallopJames Craven ... Dan SlocumJohn Elliott ... Judge JonesJack Holmes ... Sheriff NyeSteve Clark ... ` Shorty ' GillSam Bernard ... Nick , Cafe OwnerRex Felker ... Rope Twirler under CreditsBIOS :1 . Ray ` Crash ' Corrigan -LRB- aka
 one of my favorite with open season for the 3D content . just a scene or two with parallax problem but apart from that , the movie is fine fine fine ...
 The photography is fantastic and I fully enjoyed the DVD , but it sure would look better on a really big screen instread of my 26 '' -LRB- even though it is an LCD -RRB- .
 One of the best documentaries Ive seen ! Fantastic visuals for all ages ! It truly highlights the beauty and diversity of the strange creatures in our oceans . Truly beautiful !
 This movie completely exceeded my expectations . The HD 3D was incredible . I was watching this on a 60 '' plasma with active glasses . I imagine the quality would not be a crisp with passive 3D glasses as the resolution is only 540 in each eye -LRB- they call it 1080 -RRB- . However , with the active glasses it was amazing ! I have since ordered about every IMAX 3D Blu-ray out there . IMAX does a great job !
 When you watch this movie than you are feeling like you are swimming with in the water
 I toiled for a while before deciding to spend the money on this . I was deciding between this one and the newer one voiced by Jim Carey . Based on reviews , I bought this one . Money well spent . Wish it was longer and had a few more shark pics , but was good . I know your supposed to sit while watching these , but I could not help standing 2 feet from the TV and feel like I was totally surrounded by the ocean life . The 3D effects seemed to just reach out and grab you . Really good to watch on my Samsung 3D plasma 1080p with Samsung 3D BluRay player .
 With surround sound , this is a very immersive title ! It felt you could reach out and touch some of the fish and the IMAX sound experience is just awesome .
 If you ca n't get a diving crew and gear to visit the most remote and most beautiful underwater scenery check this movie out . Stunning footage of the vast and amazing sea creatures known to man , and some I have never heard about . This was a spectaculor documentry , combined with 1080p HD and this was a beautiful picture .
 What a beautiful movie . Blu-ray is necessary to appreciate this ... You would n't know that a film crew is there watching . Definitely recommended .
 Since this DVD is only 40 minutes long I passed on buying it , but it is absolutely worth the rental fee . The footage is up to the usual breathtaking IMAX standards . Crytal clear and with vibrant colors even on the small 19 inch set I watched it on . If you 've watched any number of undersea documentaries , you 're probably already familiar with most of the sealife that is covered , but again it 's the visuals that make this so breathtaking as well as the message that much of this life is being destroyed by man -LRB- as usual -RRB- and most be conserved . I highly recommend it . The only reason I rate the DVD with 4 stars rather than 5 is that it 's not even an hour long and there are no bonus materials what so ever . But the 40 minutes are well worth the a rental .
 This is a beautiful movie of the wonders of deep sea creatures . Narrated by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet , this IMAX film is gorgeously filmed with breathtaking images of the deep ocean . It was fascinating to watch these creatures engaging in their normal activity -LRB- hunting for food , hiding from predators , maintaining a symbiotic relationship , etc. -RRB- . Excellent film !
 Very informative and entertaining to watch . Resoultion was a little bad but if you have a faster internet im sure it will look better .
 I like the 3D for the effects ... the fish seemed to float out of the TV and the grandkids tried to grab them . Pretty good 3D movie .
 Hell no ! I have a Samsung led lcd 55 &#34; @ 9 ' distance and the 3D effects from this IMAX title will blow your visual mind . It 's that good .
 With fantastic footage of diverse species of all sorts of undersea life , this movie provides great 3D viewing . The narration is a little on the faint side .
 This is a very interesting 3D movie . I think it 's a bit pricey for the length of the feature , however if you want to learn what 's in the waters your swimming in , watch it .
 If you love the ocean & every thing that lives in it , this is the 3D movie for . Very entertaining . Well worth the money
 This is what your 3D car is made for ! Great scenes in 3D that reach out into your living room . Interesting creatures and undersea plant life . This should be one of the first 3D films in your library as it will set the standard of what you should expect other 3D films live up to .
 This movie is great . I love to see the ocean . It was so clear in the movie . My kids like it too .
 I bought both this movie and Under the Sea 3D by IMAX to add to my 3D collection . I was disappointed this movie did n't get into real deep sea creatures with the lumincent bodies and wicked teeth but it does have a good variety . Kate and Depp where a nicer combination to listen to than Jim Carrey but I felt the 3D footage was better for Under the Sea and would choose it over the two . If you are going to get one nature sea video I would recommend Under the Sea but both are good and give that relaxing atmosphere to wonder into in the life of fish .
 If you are new to 3-D ... you will like this ... Overall - Real 3-D , lots of good -LRB- off-screen -RRB- effects ... if you have a 3-D TV w Blue Ray ... Overall - Good ` action move ' for the entire family
 I have always loved the sea , 26 years Navy Retired . This is about the other side of the sea . The under water is so wonderful to watch , I love it .
 First and foremost I must say that the 3D in this film is GREAT ! I purchased this Blu-Ray and watched it for the first time with friends that I had over for company on my 42 '' Vizio 3D 1080P 240 HZ television . We all LOVED it ! It was a blast to watch and the sea creatures showcased are bizarre to say the least . I had never heard of the majority of them . This is my 8th 3D movie to purchase and my 3rd underwater-specific 3D Blu-Ray . It is WELL WORTH THE MONEY ! The only thing that beats it is `` IMAX 3D Under the Sea '' which features different animals . I would recommend them BOTH . One is incomplete without the other as they showcase entirely different creatures . You wo n't regret it . I watch it again and again because the images are so detailed and you 'll catch new things each time you view it . A +
 I am new to the 3D world . Last week I purchased my first 60 '' Samsung 3D TV and a Samsung 3D Blu-ray player and I was very excited about buying some 3D videos to view it . I particularly enjoy documentaries and wanted a 3D movie about a documentary rather than a regular 3D movie or animated 3D movie . Sadly , the choices available are virtually non-existent except for a few 3D documentaries . I am aware of several `` under the sea '' type of 3D documentaries that are being sold here in Amazon . After reading some of the reviews , I decided to get this one.I am extremely thrilled and very happy with this spectacular IMAX 3D movie . IMAX
 Nobody makes movies as visually appealing as IMAX . This is an amazing 3D movie . It really proves to me that 3D is not a mere gimmick , novelty , or fad . It is a solid , important new technology and it is here to stay . It really works wonderfully well . Watching this movie in 3D is like going scuba diving yourself . It totally makes you feel like YOU ARE THERE , with all these incredible sea creatures , rocks , and corals right in front of you , close enough to touch . The entire movie is jaw-dropping and amazing . There is scene after scene of amazing , magical sea life . I 've never taken LSD but I feel like this movie probably is as good or better than an LSD trip . It is quite a trip . This is a must-see movie . It blows away any 2D ocean video I 've ever seen before . There 's no comparison . This is far far better . I can see now that the reason 3D failed in the past is because the old technologies were too crude and the old movies were badly made . But it 's all different now . 3D shutter glasses , 3D HDTV 's , and brilliant films by IMAX finally fulfill the potential glory of 3D movies . And this is only the beginning . I 'm sure there will be many more great 3D movies in the future . By the way , I watched it on a 50 inch panasonic ST30 plasma hdtv . It is a wonderful TV for 3D and everything else . Also I used Blick 3D shutter glasses instead of the Panasonic brand ones . The Blick 3d glasses cost about half the price and work extremely well .
 I would like diving whole my life but I ca n't . This film create world for me . 3D under water world is for everyone . You must see this .
 3d is amazing , will not regret getting movie.so far best movie in 3d seen 3 other movies . just get it
 This film captures your interest from the beginning ; it 's so well photographed with vivid colors and excellent displays of sea creatures that one would never ordinarily see unless one is a deep sea diver . It 's well worth the purchase and even friends/family who are difficult to please , loved watching this . My only complaint is that it 's too short .
 This is my 23rd BD 3D , just finished watching on my 3D projector on a 92 inch screen and it was quite amazing . Great 3D quality , great depth . A must see .
 My 6-year old loved this movie . He 's seen most of the child-friendly animal documentaries on Netflix and several on Amazon and this is one of his favorites . While the tone of the movie is a little sleepy for my taste , the photography is gorgeous and it introduces kids to numerous creatures not commonly covered in sea life films .
 I love this movie . It 's very informative , good for kids and the narration is fantastic and not boring . Would definitely recommend
 Loved watching this on prime instant video for free . The movie is very informative without being the boring documentary type because majority of the movie was shot perfectly ad the narrations and background sounds played along perfectly as well . Great for all ages to watch and would recommend to many others !
 The best part of this film were the beautiful views of the corals , sea creatures , fishes , sea stars , nudibranches , and life within the ocean . The film was rather short , and I found the back and forth voices of the narrators to be distracting . However , this makes for a good introduction to a little of the ocean . I am reminded of how beautiful the ocean is . Also , the sounds of the creatures in the ocean was amazing . The music paired with the film could be a little distracting too .
 The 3d in this film , like all the undersea 3d adventures is excellent . 3d really shines for underwater photography . The film features a beautiful soundtrack and alternating narration from john depp and kate winslet . They are speaking to you and it works , there are actually one star reviews complaining the music is too loud , actually they are wrong , this is mellow music and the words come through clearly . This like most imax products is only 40 minutes long but each minute is fascinating and poignant as we learn that 90 % of large fish have been taken out of the sea by overfishing , mankind is very good at wiping out everything in his path though . we have known that for years . Still this is a wonderful 3d movie that inspires awe . It takes place in reef areas mostly and not the deep sea . Those creatures down there in true deep would make a great movie though .
 First , this is a very informative DVD about life in Deep Sea . The narration is a bit mundane ... Johnny Depp speaking very monotone and Kate Winslett giving little relief as co-narrator . Still , worth the enlightening exhibit of the sea.Second , and very importantly , the 3D is amazing ! The sea creatures really appear to be right there in my living room , er , I feel like I 'm right there in the ocean.Overall , this is about the best ocean life 3D DVD I 've seen now . Next , also very good , isIMAX
 The Movie is Great and i recommend it to anyone who enjoys these types of Movies . What bothers me is the Price , this Movieshould cost no more than $ 15.00 New and $ 9.99 used . These Imax 3D Movies cost less than 50 Million to produce unlike 200 and300 million for Box office Hits , they do n't have to pay High profile Actors just a commentary . If i can buy Avitar 3D for $ 30.00 than this Movie should be a third the cost because of dramatic reduction in production costs . They are really milking our walletsdry over '' 3D '' , i hope the consumer catches on .
 This was a great 3D movie . It looks like you are under the sea with the fish . The only downside was the length of the film . It sucks shelling put twenty bucks -LRB- thats what I paid for it at best buy -RRB- for a 40 min movie , but if you are looking for a quality 3D movie , then its worth it
 I loved the cover of this dvd looks great , was not to much action under the sea I was expecting more , but the 3d was very good
 This DVD is focused explisitedly on the ocean where no one has been before to film beautiful creatures of the deep.The IMAX effect though is somewhat lost because of TV size . The film seemed short to me , although well done . Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet do a good job narrating but in end is message to save our seas , which makes more a documentary than entertaining film .
 My ratings are based mainly on the QUALITY OF THE 3D , not the video content.In addition to the title scenes 5 more out of screen effects extend an impressive 50 % of the way , from the screen to the viewer . Another 20 reached 25 % or more and many are in the 5 to 10 % range.EXCESS PARALLAX in a few of the scenes make it hard to mentally assemble the 3D . Far better than Wild Ocean in every respect *** Visually stunning sea floor & creature footage in crystal clear 3D *** MY 3D RATING = VERY GOOD -LRB- poor , fair , good , very good , excellent -RRB- Note
 As I write this review the price on this sucker is $ 37.99 ! Maybe that would n't be so bad if it was a full length movie with a DVD and digital copy however you are just getting a 3d disc and a blu-ray disc with 40 minutes of film -LRB- You are basically paying $ 1 for each minute ! -RRB- Aside from the price the movie is GREAT ! I was lucky enough to get this movie free with my sony 3d tv and it is definitely great to show off to friends ! As I said ... its about 40 minutes long and includes some of the most beautiful under sea shots you 'll ever see . As far as the 3D effects go , it wo n't disappoint you ! The 3D gives you the depth effect as it should in an ocean setting . It really looks as though you can walk straight through your tv and swim with the sharks -LRB- do n't try that at home -RRB- . Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet do a great job narrating while Danny Elfman gives us some fun music to listen to!Overall i give it 4 stars with the price not being an involvement . It missed the 5 star mark because there were several scenes with heavy `` ghosting '' particularly when a squid locks on to the camera thinking its dinner ! The squid gets very close up and becomes very blurry when you have your 3d glasses on ! it was enough to make me go cross eyed and have to look away from the screen.I would recommend this to all 3D owners as well as new 3D owners who are looking to either show off to friends or experience the depth of 3D themselves !
 While this film is surprisingly short and has some limitations in term of continuity , I found it utterly absorbing and watched it twice the same day . The photography is some of the most stunning marine footage I have ever seen . The filmmakers have done a superb job of capturing some of the most charismatic , sinister , and whimsical creatures that inhabit the oceans , and the information about their life cycles , while not exhaustive , was well edited to maintain interest . Highly recommended !
 I bought this 3D BLU RAY so I could test the abilities of my Samsung 3D plasma TV and the Samsung 3D Blu Ray player . I am not a kid anymore . i have plenty of tech . I am easily bored . I really did n't expect what i got ... All I can say is ... WOW !!!!!! This movie blew my mind . its freaky how you get sucked into the picture . The little fish swimming right by your nose . i actually had to fight the urge to hold my breath . you really feel loike u are underwater ! There were times I reached out and tried to touch the jellyfish that seemed like they were inches from my face . I felt like i was a 10 year old going on a deep sea dive . This format is the most fun I have had in a long time with tech . Its like visiting another world!I cant wait to see what they start making next . its too bad they really have n't released alot of new titles yet . this tech is supposed to only get better though . Not all 3D movies are created equal . Make sure you rad the reviews and if you can , try and watch a preview at Best Buy or whatever . This is a short film , , butI have already sat through it 3 times and will be doing it again tonight .3 d is definitely the way .
 Although disappointed I could n't see this in 3-D , as advertised on the DVD -LRB- not the one being sold here -RRB- , . I still thought the photography was amazing and the colors just spectacular . I 've never seen underwater footage this good . This also is the first time I 've actually heard the sounds that some of these marine creatures make . I just presumed , like many others , there was mostly silence underneath the surface . That 's not so ; there are some amazing sounds.More so , there are some amazing creatures that most of us have never heard about or seen . Some of them are downright weird-looking , repulsive yet fascinating . They are so strange you think you 're looking at some animated film with cartoon characters ... but these creatures are real . Some of them are frightening and brutal killers.I 've read complaints about the narration by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet , and have to agree on a couple points . Winslet does make an attempt to put some reflection in her voice but Depp sounds like he 's sleepwalking through this . His voice is flat , a monotone , and it sounds like he 's reading the material for the first time . Neither of these two add much life to his documentary.Others complain that it 's just under 40 minutes and thus , the DVD overpriced . Well , I found it very interesting and stunning to view . I would n't mind adding it to my collection because this is something I would watch multiple times .
 This movie will make you glad you bought that 3D TV before everyone else . It 's freaking an awsome display of the 3D technology and is really fun to watch . I have a Sony Bravia 55 '' and the images were crystal clear and were poping out of the TV . Must have for a 3D TV owner !
 This DVD features a wide variety of sea life including
 A beautifully done adventure of amazing ocean creatures . The visuals are great and it is very informational . I was in awe as I watched the movie . My grandson is 8 and he loved it too .
 This 3D Imax movie was amazing , forget the expensive price and the fact that its 40 minutes long . This is the type of 3D movie you show off to your friends and watch time after time . Its one that will be staying on my shelf , not selling back like I do with some of my 3D movies . Its definitely a disc you bust out to show off the 3D capabilities . Some of the shots were beautiful and the depth of the 3D had me in awe . As for pop outs , not many , but I find them gimmicky anyways , I like the depth of 3D that really drags you into the film . As for the commentary , eh nothing great , not bad but not great either . This is a visually stunning 3D movie to show off and watch for a long time .
 Really enjoyed this movie . Even better than the IMAX `` Under the Sea '' 3D movie , and it is a great movie . Brings to life undersea life . Young and old alike should enjoy this presentation .
 I decided to purchase this film on DVD since I caught it on sale . The video is very good when up-converted to 1080i . As all of my gear is HD , I 've never watched it below 1080i and can not speak to that , but I suspect many of the low ratings are due to watching this title on standard or enhanced def machines -LRB- nothing really looks good on those anyway -RRB- . In short this title has beautiful visuals , the commentary is much like the commentary on almost all titles in this genre , but the audio is fantastic , it 's only Dolby Digital 5.1 -LRB- not Dolby TrueHD or Lossless PCM -RRB- but it is astounding!I truly did not expect that good of audio from standard Dolby 5.1 , it was refreshing ... The main attraction runs 41 minutes , perfect for those times when you do n't have a 2 hour window to watch a movie . Also included is a Theatrical Trailer.I would recommend to anyone who likes this genre .
 Certainly does n't disappoint !!!!! It is basically the same as all the underwater shows on the Discovery Channel . If you like those , you will love this !
 IMAX Deep Sea is a very good nature video , well worth watching . Very dramatic colors and underwater scenes , and HD of course .
 This is a very good 3D Blu-ray . Nice to show off your 3D capable tv ... but thats about it . Runtime is short
 I 've purchased a few 3D movies and careful of what I purchase because of the high prices . The 3D was a great experience . I use this as a demonstration for 3D because of the vivid color and great depth both inward and outward of this documentary . So far I 've purchased Polar Express -LRB- again great 3D -RRB- Coroline -LRB- another good 3D -RRB- Open Season , and I have Monsters and aliens which came with my Samsung 3D glasses . Monsters and aliens was again a great 3D effect . The future of 3D may advance technologically but I am quite happy with what is out there NOW , and enjoying it all the time .
 This is truly a fantastic way of being introduced to what 3d capabilities your television has ! I purchased this and several other movies in 3D and I am pleasantly surprised with it . Although they are pricy now -LRB- it 's new technology still -- high demand low supply -RRB- these will soon be on the 9.99 rack so do n't worry ! In the mean time we do have to pay though :-LRB- I watched this on my samsung plasma 50 '' looked amazing !!!
 I bought my Samsung LED TV back in Decemeber of last year . It came with 3D technology . The technology is very good . However , there are not many 3D movies that are available for purchase in retail stores . The ones that are in store are very expensive . I finally found this blu-ray . Even though it is not the type of movie I want to buy . But at least I get to experience the 3D techonology on my TV with a real 3D movie . And the price is decent . I was hoping for it to be cheaper . So I can buy more . Over all , the 3D quality on this blu-ray is excellent . However , the movie is very short . So I am going to give it a four stars .
 Awesome , best 3-D technology I have ever seen , this is the movie we put in to demonstrate our 3-D TV !
 Es en verdad un muy buen ejemplo de la capacidad 3D , yo disfrute de este documental en mi TV sony 3D de 60 pulgadas y en realidad es fantastico el efecto de profundidad que genera el 3D , lo unico negativo es la corta duracion de la pelicula aproximadamente 40 minutos , por lo buena que es me hubiese gustado que durara un poco mas.Recomiendo esta pelicula para todos los amantes de la tecnologia 3D , les gustara . -
 This is a gift for my son 's birthday who will be 16 . He really enjoys movies about earth and science etc. . I saw the dvd while waiting in a doctor 's office for my husband and was impressed . I knew my son -LRB- who has n't received it yet -RRB- would really like it . It 's informative , interesting and entertaining . I recommend for almost anyone of various interests and various ages . The narrators did an awesome job . The photography is spectacular .
 The DVD I ordered was for an Easter present , however the item would not play in any DVD player . Once I notified the seller , they were extrememly apologetic and I had a refund within 24 hours . Will def do business again with them ! : - -RRB-
 I purchased this for my students -LRB- 4-7yr olds -RRB- and they love it . It is appropriate for their age and they are amazed by the animals . The narration is wonderful and explains to the viewer what you are seeing . They cover symbiotic relationships , different saltwater habitats , animal diets , and predator/prey . Not only do the kids love it ... I do too !!
 This is a beautiful movie . My son loves anything sea related , he has watched this over and over . Amazing video captured .
 I watched this movie as soon as it arrived , and it was absolutely wonderful ! I thoroughly enjoyed the 3-D , and I ca n't wait to bring friends over to show it to them . Great documentary film !
 I am not suprised at the negative reviews here since it has become the norm for nature shows to spread the very important message of the envirnmental tragedy happening.however , I think its gone to far.People will want to save what they love and if nature shows are always a heavy , depressing doom and gloom thing , most will simply not watch them.I know I dont and I am a conservationist.This show is simply fun and playful in its showing.It has cute moments as well and I know this has a bigger impact on peoples hearts.I think this is a simply delightful imax experience , not for psudo-intillectual armchair types though .
 I was fortunate enough to see this film in an IMAX theater and in 3D . It was absolutely stunning . Beautifully done . I had not known that Danny Elfman had done the music for it , but recognized his style immediately upon hearing it . My family and I all thought that the music was perfect for the film . The narration was great , as well . At times I thought Johnny Depp sounded much like Rod Serling , and given what we were watching , it too fit perfectly.All of this said , when we saw the movie on DVD , we were all pretty disappointed . I still thought the movie was beautiful , the music was perfect and the narration was good . But , leaving out the 3D effect on the DVD flattened the movie in all ways , thereby creating a somewhat disappointing DVD .
 Kind of bought this only because of Johnny Depp , so i knew nothing about fishies . But it was very interesting to watch if you enjoy nature .
